Sure, it is a great action movie starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like action movies?
It was a great movie! Both of these movies are Thrillers.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a crime fiction and Spyglass is in the same genre.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Thriller and was produced by Terry Pratchett.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Sure. She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2012 and is a cartoonist. Do you like this genre?
youre welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie along side Rachel McAdams.
She has also starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and There's Something About Mary
No, I don't have that information. However, she was also in The Last Stand and Rachel McAdams.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young adult fiction?
no i dont. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. That is the same year The Moon and More was released. Have you read it?
you are welcome have a good day.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
It is a crime and suspense film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
Enjoy!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know a bit about it.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a Thriller. Do you enjoy this genre?
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
No, I don't know about him. What sport do you like?
I don't really know much about basketball, but my favorite sport is Basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
That's cool. I'm not a huge fan of Dr. Seuss, but the Bulls and the Bulls, Bulls and Bulls, Cubs.
I do! I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers. What is your favorite?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich.
Yes! It is a Sci-Fi movie starring Simon Pegg.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan. Have you seen that movie?
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures? It's a romance film.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like Spike Jonze?
Yes, but I like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do!
Happy to help!
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Do you like him?
It was written by Frank McCourt and is in the drama genre.
Robert Duvall played in this movie. It is a drama.
You might like Saturday Night Live then.
No, it is a teen horror film and yes.
You're welcome
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The French Collection. Have you seen any of those?
The Hunted is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about The French Connection?
The Devil and The Hunted is a Thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other books by him, or do you want to stay with the same genre?
Well, another fiction book is Tender is the Night. Have you read that one yet?
The Surgeon is written byurgeon, it is part of a series. The next in the series is White Fang.
Do you like the clockwork princess because it is a romance novel?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Glass.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Enjoy!
Unforgiven was a science fiction movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Wildest Dream and Unforgiven.
Those are both good ones. I haven't seen them yet. I will have to look them out.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, another movie that stars Josh Hutcherson is Catching Fire. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Madonna is an icon. She starred in What's Your Number?, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't have access to that information but I know she has a new voice. She's a very talented singer.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snoop Dogg, which is a good comedy.
I'm not very familiar with that individual. Is he a cricket player?
Yes, he did. He is also a cricket player and was born in Delhi.
You are welcome.
Do you like Amy Poehler because she is a singer/songwriter?
have you heard of Kristin Hannah. anything else i can do for you today?
Mean Girls has genre Comedy. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I am not, I know that they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
I'm glad that I could help!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
It is a great one also starring Jane Adams. It is a really good one and also is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes it was released in 2014
No problem
He is a French actor who starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. He's a great actor.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Taken 3
Yes, it stars Taken 2 and is also a Thriller.
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football much but I do know that they are having a good season.
I am not sure. Mike McCarthy just thought it was their last season. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he was a great team and Aaron Rodgers was a quarterback.
Sure! If you have watched all of the Iron Man movies, I would recommend X-Men 2 or Iron Man 2 also.
Yes, he is a very acclaimed actor. He starred in some excellent movies like Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
Yes, and Don't think it was a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
George Clooney wrote The O.C., and he also wrote The Great Gatsby. It was a good movie.
Glad to help
Are you looking for other books by Dean Koontz?
It was written by David McRaney. It's part of the Vampire Academy series.
The Lady in the Lake was also written by him.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Your welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American singer/songwriter from India. I don't know much about her music but I do not know much about her other than he is a musician.
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she does have a relationship with David Guetta
Well, Nick Cassavetes and David Guetta are similar to Nikki Minaj
Sure. Something Borrowed is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Yes, it was. Did you know she also wrote the book The Last Lecture?
Have you read Shark Night? It is a thriller written by Emily Griffin.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was produced by Jodi Picoult, Jodi Picoult, and Jude Law.
Yes he did. It's a great movie.
Yes he did. He also directed Somewhere and Fog City Mavericks.
Sure, it's a comedy drama starring Tom Hanks and Julie Roberts
I'm sorry I don't have information on that.
Sure, enjoy!
I do! Brendon Urie is a composer and song writer. Do you like his work?
At the Disco is a Music and Rhythm and Blues, another great one. Do you like music?
Yes, i like them too. My favorite would be The Disco.
I have heard of him he is such a good singer
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good one, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I agree. Did you know that Matt Dillion also starred in Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. You should check it out.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
If you like historical fiction, you'll like The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. Other similar books are The Carrot Seed and Carry On, Mr. Bowditch.
You might enjoy Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989
I would say Drama and Sci-Fi
your welcome
Would you like to hear about other Drama/Mystery movies?
Ok. Have you seen the latest one with Kobe Bryant?
Toby Jones, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy.
She stars in the suspense film, The Day After Tomorrow, which is a thriller.
Enjoy!
Hello, yes he starred in Hollywood Chinese and she directed The Ice Storm.
The Skulls, The Ice Storm, and The Hungry Caterpillar.
Sure! He starred in Men in Black 3. It is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Zsa Gabor also wrote The Scarlet Letter and The Snows of Kilimanjaro.
It is a Crime Fiction as well as Speculative Fiction. Do you enjoy these genres?
That's a great movie! Its written by Steven Spielberg.
Yes there was. Would you like to know more about the Jurassic Park movies?
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow also directed Jurassic World.
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler. Did you know he is from Orange County?
Haha, I'm not familiar with that movie, but I do know it stars Adam Sandler. It's a Comedy.
Yes. Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Have you read the Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers?
Yes, and if you like that one, you might also like Unmarillion or The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
My Soul to Take is also a Horror Thriller, and is a horror.
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a Romance and Adventure movie. Do you like those genres?
Well, you might like Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen them?
I think you'll enjoy the first one. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Sure. He is American and was born in Lyon.
Sure. She also starred in Lord of the Flies and Wolves of the Calla
The genre for The Little Prince is Science Fiction and Thriller.
Sure. Have a great day and enjoy!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yes, and Julie Kavner. It's a romantic comedy.
It was a funny movie. It was a little like Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It stars Richard E.B. White. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You will enjoy them!
Alien is a movie starring Chris Hemsworth and has a genre of Fantasy. Is that your favorite genre?
Have you seen the X-Men series? It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
Bats was released in 2012 and stars Xander Berkeley and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Transformers? It is also a great sci-fi movie
Yes, she did, and she also starred in Witch & Wizard, another great movie.
Sure. Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Tom Clancy and is a drama.
He is also a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room. Have you read this one yet?
The End is a science fiction novel and co-written by Lauren Oliver. It is the second novel in the Winnie the Pooh series.
It's a personal favorite of mine. He's also an American writer and a teacher.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, and he was also a musician.
I have. It is a great movie with Jodie Foster and Mark Wahlberg. It is a great show.
Great choice! You'll enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
If you like Windtalkers, you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
It has a great cast. It is a drama film. It also stars Virginia Madsen.
Glad I could help.
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
No I don't play much football but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around.
I'm sure that they are both a good team. I need to learn more about the sport. How are they doing this year?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and it was released in 1988
Jack Thorne wrote the Harry Potter series and he also wrote The Secret Life of Beedle the Bard.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I'm not sure. I don't know who color the team colors are. How about you?
They are also part of the NFL.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read this one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
Yes, that was a great read. You should read The Titan's Curse.
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Oh I like that genre too. I think I should listen to Safe and Sound.
I actually don't know of any other musicals from that genre, but I do know if you haven't seen the other ones.
Glad to help out!
Sure, he is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I would definitely recommend The Boston Celtics. They are one of the well-known team in the National Basketball Association.
Yesterday was a match against the Raptors.
Christopher Nolan also directed Memento and Man of Steel
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, it is. It was written in English and is also written in English.
Yes, but рестуление и накаание was also written by William Weaver.
Glad to be of help
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. Other books in the series are The Oz Books, and The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz? It's part of a series.
I would recommend The Golden Compass, which is also a fantasy series.
Glad to help. Enjoy it.
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a German soccer player who also plays midfielder and forward. His position is Midfielder and forward.
That is correct! He is also a part of the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it is a good movie. Do you like it because it's a family movie?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Were you looking for something similar to A Corn of Thorns and Roses, also written by Sarah J. Maas
How about The Assassin's Blade? She also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
It does. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic was released in 2006 and starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He also starred in The Aviator and Avatar.
My pleasure
Yes, I do. Did you know she was influenced by William Shakespeare?
If you like Romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. It's similar to Where the Heart is.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I do not know much about Venus Williams but I do know that Serena Williams is great as well!
Did you know Martina Graff also starred in The Sirens of Titan?
Yes she is. And her sister is Maggie Skarsgard.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's great! That's a good choice. Do you like golf?
That's amazing! Did you know she was from Hawaii?
Sure. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day and Ariel. Have you heard of either of these?
Reflected in You is a Romance and a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote Under the Never Sky and Reflected in You
Sure. Margaret Atwood also wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
Sure. Margaret Atwood also wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was also written by Margaret Atwood. Would you like to know other books by her?
I do not know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
Sure! The move Carlos is directed by Uruguay and is also a Thriller and was released in 2011.
Carolos was released in Uruguay and was also a producer and directed by Ben Affleck.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi is an Iranian-American New York Times best selling author, known for writing young adult fiction
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you read this one?
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
The Shadow Rising is a good one. It is also a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2016. The Hour I First Believed is a romance novel.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland and Finding Neverland.
Machine Gun Gun Preacher is a Science Fiction and Children's Literature.
Kevin McNally and Katharine McPhee star in Neverland.
It was released in 2002 and is also a drama.
Sure
you are welcome
Yes I do! He wrote A Separate Peace
It's a novel. Would you like some recommendations for other novels in that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun which is a Thriller.
Absolutely!
The Waves is a good one. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
Yes! True Romance and Pride and Prejudice are examples.
She also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Sure The Giver is a dystopian novel by Lois Lowry. Do you like dystopian fiction?
Ok. Some other young adult fiction examples would be Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Enjoy!
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a drama?
Sure, he's a writer and a comedian. He is also a writter.
You're welcome!
Sure, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It's a pretty good fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Office. Would you like to know more about her books?
It was released in 1999 and is a comedy-drama.
It's Non-fiction. Are you interested in either of those?
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote аренина.
Ok, enjoy the books.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote Unstoppable. Have you read it?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed V for Vendetta.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
You know, I don't know much about him except that he plays the forward position. He also plays the forward position.
Yes he is and a tierer also plays for Manchester United. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. Hurt Locker is a Thriller, right?
Yes, he was and it also starred Michael Rispoli and Nicole Kidman.
If you liked Juliette Biden you should also starred in The Bluest Eye and What a Girl Wants. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she does. That's a great drama. Do you like drama?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion. Have you read that one yet?
Torment was released in 2000. It is a speculative fiction novel. It's considered speculative fiction.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2.
It does. Johnny Depp also starred in Mirror Mirror.
You might want to try The Rum Diary if you have not seen it already. It also has Johnny Depp in it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome. I'm happy I could help.
Yes I believe they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Manchester United F.C is currently playing for FC Barcelona, are you a fan?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote Vanishing Girls and A Beautiful Mind. Have you read either of those?
I have read several thrillers, including Shark Night and Xenocide.
It's considered a satire and a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman. It's genre is Comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, they are the same type of movies. Have you seen them?
Glad to help
Not really, but I know he is a cricket player from the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan and I prefer American football.
He writes mostly in the English language. He writes mostly thrillers.
Yes that is a good movie. It stars Orlando Bloom and has a genre of Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure, he was also in The Good Doctor and Zulu. Have you seen them?
Great, Another great thriller is Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Yes I do. It was released in 2011 and written by James Dashner.
Sure, it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is also a young adult fiction.
She wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I can't think of any but she did write Citizen Girl also. Have you heard of that?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I'm not sure he starred in a tv show but I can't see how he is in a tv show. He starred in Twilight, which is a really good series.
No, he has starred in a tv show called The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes! Mike Starr has starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Grindhouse stars Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. Do you like his movies?
Tom Waits and Tracie Thoms both starred in Death Proof.
I hope you enjoy it
I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
Yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and in the movie is Drama.
Would you like to hear about other movies starring Ernest Borgnine?
Emma Watson and Abraham Benrubi to name a few. The Dirty Dozen was also released in 1922.
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Great, also a thriller is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Yes, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she is the current world No. 1 on the WTA singles tennis player. She is a very talented player.
Yes, Serena is better than Venus is. Did you know she is also a model?
Oh, I didn't know that. That is good to know.
I don't know too much about Radamel Falcao, does he play for the Colombia National Football team?
I don't think so. I believe he is a former world No. 1 in singles.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
Are you referring to the movie or the book written by John Hughes?
Sure! It's a really good comedy and also stars Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway. It's a comedy.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I haven't heard anything from him. Is he a singer or a singer?
Yes. I agree she is a good friend with Justin Bieber.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
Glad to be of help
Do you like it because it's fantasy? I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure! Ursula K. Le Guin also wrote The Tombs of Atuan.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a great actor. Have you seen it?
Our Kind of Traitor is a crime and drama film. Do you like those genres?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Other thrillers you might enjoy are Shark Night and eXistenz.
You're welcome.
Of course! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
It looks like he plays cricket, what's your number?
Yes, he does. Rohit Sharma is also a cricket player and he won the Rohit Sharma team.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is a former world No. 1 in singles.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World. Have you read either of those?
The first one was published in 1891, the same year The Doors of Perception was released.
Yes, the band name is Jim Morrison. I don't know the band name of the band.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Monkey House and The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
The film is a mystery, thriller, and was released in 2006.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a thriller and it is starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Glad I could help.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
The genre is Thriller
Tim Robbins starred in Thirteenth Floor.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre in general?
Gurihiru is a similar movie.
Good to know. I'm not sure about it. I haven't seen it but I know it was released in 2002.
Yes! Ryan Reynolds was in a lot of action movies.
I do! She starred in Men in Black 3. She is also a singer.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a drama/fantasy?
Yes, I do. The Client is written by John Grisham and has a genre of Thriller.
It is a psychological thriller as well as psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
Have you read Playing for Keeps? It is also a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
He is a football player right? I don't know much about him.
I do not have information on a particular sport that he plays as a striker but I do not know much
I enjoy watching college football and football
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes, the Packer is a great player, and the Packer is a great player
I don't follow soccer that much, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yes, but I don't really follow soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree. They are having a good season, though.
Do you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a Speculative fiction or because it is a thriller?
I believe so. Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
Enjoy.
Enjoy.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. A similar book is Emma.
It was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner?
It is fiction and adventure and was released in 1922. Do you like fiction?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she was the singer and singer. Did you know she was also a model?
No, I did not, but I did know that.
Oh, yea! I love all of her music. What's your favorite genre?
Yes, he directed both The Godfather and The Colditz Story. Have you seen either of those?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Thomas Lennon.
Enjoy!
Well, Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It's a historical period drama. If you like that genre, I suggest The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Yes, another romance novel is Under the Never Sky. Have you read that one?
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Yes, it is a romance novel and was released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I think you'd enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you're into romance, I think you'll enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Happy to help!
Did you know he wrote The Sum of All Fears?
Joseph Conrad wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes, it was released in 1895. It's a great book.
It was released in 2004
Sure! He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have no information on that. What else can I do for you?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 2004.
Glad to help!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre and Wolf Brothers. Have you read either of those?
No, I am not sure if Jane Eyre was adapted but it is a fiction film.
Enjoy the books!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
Lamb also wrote The Girl who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction and Mako Speculative fiction.
He is also an author and a scientist.
I don't know. I know he is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I do like basketball. I am a fan of Quentin Tarantino. Do you like them?
Yes I do like the Lakers. Who is your favorite team?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this one?
I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is a novel written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her books?
She wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere
Enjoy!
Sure! The author Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, and several others. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she also wrote Assassin and the Assassin and the Assassin series.
Enjoy!
Glad I could help
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime, science fiction film. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like this genre?
I recommend The Pursuit of Happiness and The Nutty Professor. Have you seen either of these?
No problem have you watch any other dramas?
This is the End is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Yes, both of them are Psychological Thriller and Comedy.
Evan Goldberg also starred in Wild Hogs with Gary Oldman. Have you seen it?
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Have you read either of those?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2009 and was also written by Charles Frazier.
You are welcome!
I like them better when Jason Witten is playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys and the Falcons. Did you see that one?
Oh yeah. Zach Galifianakis was a reality show as well. Do you like reality shows?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell and was released in 2008, have you seen it?
That's right! He's a great actor. He's been in a number of things, including Tom Hanks, Kathryn Sutherland and Harrison Ford.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Does that interest you?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi action film and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Polar Express.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Certainly. Have a great day!
Do you like movies with Quentin Tarantino?
He also wrote Grindhouse which is crime fiction. He also directed The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in The Kite Runner as well as in The Rum Diary.
Sure. Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes that is correct! Have you seen The Help and Get on Up?
Sure, she starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Oprah.
Sure ! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star of Inception?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? It is a Science Fiction Film
Indiana Jones was the main star in the film, including Rob Cohen and Lena Dunham.
Yes, it is also a Drama. Also the Star Wars was released in 1999 and directed by George Lucas.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Paula McLain or because it was fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015
It's not new, but it was released in 2015.
Great, enjoy!
She starred in The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life.
She starred in Postcards from the Edge and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
That is a good one, if you like Red Dawn you should watch Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote The Jungle Book and The Champion of the World. Have you seen either of those?
Great! I think you will like them.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie
Yes, I do. The Godfather Part II starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes, he did. That also stars Al Pacino.
Do you like him because he writes fiction?
Yes, it is. Another Romance novel is A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read that one?
Yes it is! Another romance novel in 2004 is Beautiful Creatures. Have you read that one?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Sure. She wrote some good books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, she also wrote Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Sure! Margery Williams Bianco was also a writer and an athlete.
Sure, it is also a children's literature written by William Nicholson. Other books in this genre are; The Thorn Birds and The Lost Hero.
The Giver is a classic written by Lois Lowry.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know a lot about football.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
It's been a long time since I've been a fan since it's been a few years since I've seen the Super Bowl. What sport do you like to watch?
It was a good one, thanks for the information.
Yes! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about this?
It is Greek Mythology
Yes,He also wrote The Titan's Curse
Youre Welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
Toby Jones, Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University. It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
You are very welcome!
Yes, he wrote Niccol Machiavelli, have you read it?
The Prince is a mystery and a suspense.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book written by Niccol Machiavelli. Niccol Machiavelli is also a director.
Yes, he's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
Yes, but most of his music is really intense and they make me cry even more.
Did you know he was born in Madrid? I love his music.
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, which is another crime fiction book. Have you read this one?
No problem, I am here for you.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
If you like history you might enjoy The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a young-adult fiction film and was released in 2004.
Sure! It was written by Richard Condon. It's a great book and also a movie.
She has a very talented voice. I think she's grown into a fine vocalist. Do you like her?
I am not a big fan of hers, but I like the song Love You. Do you like her
I didn't know she has a sibling name Nicki Minaj, I think I remember one of her songs.
Sure, she is a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Thief Lord
White Squall is a thriller and stars Jeff Bridges. Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for something like that?
Yes, Whale Rider is a historical fiction and also is a c-fi film.
Glad to help
Sure! Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you read either of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is a Suspense/Fantasy written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was released in 1851.
He was influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson, the author of Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was later turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. Did you know that he also starred in Marley and Me?
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Not really, but I did enjoy that movie. Have you seen Wrath of the Titans and Unnatural?
Sure, it was released in 1994 and starred Johnny Depp and Seth Rogen. It was directed by Wes Craven.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Coutures was in The Expendables. Do you like him?
Did you know Redbelt also stars Sylvester Stallone?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fiction and children's literature.
Well, if you like fantasy you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
That was a political drama also starring Rory Kinnear and Robert De Niro.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
Oh wow! That's really cool. I didn't know that! That's where he was from.
I don't really know much about them but I did hear he was a good swimmer, and was actually born in Salt.
You're very welcome.
Yes, he starred in Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out it if you haven't seen it.
Matt Damon also starred on the movie. Matt Damon was also in Green Zone which is another good movie.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
Yes, it also starred Virginia Madsen and Michael Kelly.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure, but I believe he was a musician who plays cricket
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it!
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood.
Enjoy!
Yes, Florian wrote The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Lives of Others is a Thriller.
If you mean The Tourist, he stars in The Tourist. He also directed The Tourist.
It was released in 2007. I hope you have a chance to enjoy it.
I don't have that information but I can find it for you.
I hope you enjoy it.
I agree, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII, coached by Steve Kerr.
Did you know he was a basketball player?
Oh, I agree! He was a great player. What do you think?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like fiction books?
Yes he wrote Jane Eyre and her most famous one was The Signature of all things
Other romance novels include Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Sea
I do not know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I like to watch college football and baseball. I don't follow much sports but I do like baseball. How about you?
No I didn't know that.
He wrote Boyne and also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read either of those books?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
Yes. It was a speculative fiction and science fiction piece written by James Frey. Do you like those genres?
Sure. A Million Little Pieces is a speculative fiction novel by James Frey.
Yes he also directed Wizard's First Rule and The Quick and the Dead.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. 1600 was also the year that The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark was released
Shakespear's Tale was a comedy too.
Sure, I will.
Yes, he plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder and a German national team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
I do follow soccer, but I don't really know much about it. I do know Toni Kroos is a German professional footballer, do you know him?
I do. Did you know he's from Dubai?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do! She's a pretty good singer. Did you know she was on Canadian Idol?
No I didn't know that. What else can I do for you?
Yes, she is. She has also been a model and a film producer.
Do you like jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, Keith Gordon starred in Jaws 2
Sure, he also starred in The Legend of Billie Jean
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Louis Sachar.
Amelie has genre Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he starred in The Hunted and The Ice Harvest. Have you seen them?
skulls is a Thriller and Drama. Another good film is World War Z
It is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Kate Beckinsale.
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred along side Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt in the film
Lelie Bibb also starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Not really, I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan. But I do enjoy football. How about you?
I do not really follow sports but I do know the 49ers are a professional American football team based in San Francisco, California. Do you like football?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I can't find any information on that, but I can find some others if you like.
Yes, I do like alternative rock though. Somewhere I Belong is more of a classic and it's pretty cool
Yes, I do. American football is the best team in the NFL.
That's good. They had a good season, though. They're 3rd in Super Bowl XIX so it's a pretty good game.
Tom Brady was the owner of the Patriots, but they haven't won quite a few Super Bowl's recently.
Sure! Do you enjoy books by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It was written by Truman Capote.
Yes, it was. It's based on a true story. I'd recommend it.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes it is. The Cat in the cat is also by Garfield.
Sure! You might also enjoy the X-Men movies as well.
they are pretty good. Their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
Yes, I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
Yes, I like the Denver Broncos and the Giants. How about you?
Oh, I agree. He was a pretty good actor. He was also in Man of Steel. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Wildest Dream with Denzel Washington. That is about all I know about her.
Ted starred Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson. It was a great movie.
Enjoy!
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct! He was also in The Birdcage.
Yes, it was released in 1969 and is also funny.
Yes I do. I think it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
He was. I'm not sure if he was in that one, but I do know he also directed The Good Doctor.
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is science fiction or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Sure, he also starred in Starship Troopers and Wolverine.
Oh, Waiting also stars Hugh Jackman, Angela Bassett and Jonah Hill.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, it is a movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
He was in Green Zone with Matt Damon. He also starred in Reck-It Ralph
Well, he was in The Third Wheel, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jean M. Auel and is a Thriller.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but Richard Linklater also directed and starred in Beautiful Creatures.
Great! You may also like the movie he stars in.
In the film, it was released in 2002. In the same genre, an animation film and a romance film.
It is a drama, similar to The End of the Affair, which also stars Naomi Watts.
You might enjoy X-Men: First Class, or Vanilla Sky.
Yes, it's very good, and it stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
They are a good team. Did you know that they are owned by Tom Benson
They're pretty good. But I do know they're owned by Bill Bidwill
That's pretty cool. Do they have any other teams in the NFL?
This is the end, Express,The Interview
This is the End stars Mindy Kaling, James Franco and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling and Channing Tatum. It is a fantasy adventure movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to it.
I do not have that information but have you have Wreck-It Ralph Fiennes?
Certainly!
Yes you will like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, she was in The Lion King. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Witch of Blackbird Pond? That is one of my favorites.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Biographical Film and it is a drama.
Sure! Shia LaBeouf is also a Action and Mystery movie.
Yes! He is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
Me either. I have heard of Fabio Capello's coach is Jordin Sparks. Did you know that he is also a musician?
I'm a Chicago Bears fan but i don't follow sports at all. I do know that Fabio Capello used to play for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he also wrote Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
I have not heard of them, are they a pop music band?
They are from South Korea, played in the United States. I believe that is their home venue.
I'm not sure, but I believe they did start in South Korea. The team is a good place.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis both starred in it. It is a great movie
Your welcome.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a war/romance and was released in 1958.
Great! If you need anything else, let me know.
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. It is also Sci-Fi.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a famous author who wrote the books .  and .
I don't see that information. But he is also a musician and a cartoonist.
Yes, Ziggy Marley starred in Jumanji and he is also a musician.
Danny DeVito, and Jeremy Renner to name a few. I think you'd enjoy it.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction and a romance film. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day is a 2004 American-Canadian science fiction film.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt is a very prolific writer. He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
That is correct. Steven D. Levitt also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Yes I have. Dubner was influenced by Stephen D. Levitt and Stephen D. Levitt.
If you like sci-fi then you should read the next in the series.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Modern Prometheus. Have you read either of these?
Yes. It is a science fiction film starring Edgar Wright. Are you into that genre?
Yes, I agree! And also The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. I love that one.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a horror movie starring Denis O'Hare
Yes I can tell you that the music is one of the most popular song of all time
She wrote dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a mystery/fantasy book released in 2014 starring Kellan Lutz.
It was released in 2014. Are you interested in the book or the movie?
I hope you enjoy it!
I do, he's from Oakland, a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
That's right. Do you know if Damian Lilliard isn't he from Oakland? He isn't he?
No I haven't. Do you like basketball?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
Grinhouse was written by Robert Rodriguez and is an Action/Adventure. Do you like action movies?
Sure. He also starred in Horton Hears a Who! and Streets of Blood.
Have you seen Titan A.E?
Certainly. Kenny Ortega was a writer, director and producer and director. He has been involved with a lot of different movies.
Yes, have you seen Beautiful Creatures?
You are welcome, goodbye.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia which is a really good film. He also starred in Witness.
It also stars Sam Worthington, Rosario Dawson, Kristen Stewart and Tim Robbins.
It's a Mystery, Sci-Fi and Drama. Do you like these genres?
You are welcome, goodbye.
They are a basketball team. The New York Giants are a team in the National Basketball Association. Do you like basketball?
That is a great movie. Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
Have you seen the X-Men series? It is a action movie.
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Duvall and Dennis Quaid.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Ok, Voyager is also a Romance novel.
Yes, it is also a Romance novel.
Glad to be of help
Sure! She is a tennis player from India. Are you a fan of hers?
I follow Venus but I don't really know much about Serena. What sport do you like to watch?
I have heard of that! I will have to check them out, thank you for the movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard
Both are action and a thriller.
Sure, He was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
It was written by Joseph Heller. Do you like his works?
She also wrote Return to the Monkey House and The Plains of Passage. Both are very good.
You're welcome.
Yes! She is a singer, songwriter and musician.
I don't know of any of her songs. But, I know she is also a songwriter and a musician.
It was released in 2010 and was a great song.
You're welcome
He starred in a lot of good movies, like Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, and Never Let Me Go. Have you seen any of them?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's very good. He also starred in Warcraft. Have you seen that one?
The Hurt Locker stars Jessica Chastain and Jason Bateman.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Sure. How about The Lorax, it's a psychological thriller?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added.
Enjoy the movie.
He is an actor that starred in Water for Elephants and The Green Hornet.
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. It's a Romance starring Reese Witherspoon released in 2011.
Me, too! He was such an amazing actor. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by John Boyne and starred Toby McGuire. Have you seen it?
Yes, Leo Tolstoy and Leo Tolstoy starred in Boyhood and is a Romance film.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was also involved with Hubert Selby Jr..
Glad to be of help
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the genre?
Yes. She also wrote The Chemist, Midnight Sun and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in Water for Elephants which is a Historical period drama
You are welcome.
Sure, he wrote a modern version of David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling was the author of the Twilight series. Do you like fiction?
Well, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice?
He directed Escape from New York, which is an action film.
It is a science fiction action film directed by John Carpenter. It has a genre of drama and science fiction as well.
Yes she is very talented, isn't she? She also starred in Purple Storm which is a TV series.
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi/Action/Thriller.
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien or the genre Fantasy?
Women in Love was written by Christopher Bigsby.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and Lord of the Rings
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Inception stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Caine, Tom Hardy, Michael Caine, Teri Garr, Scott Bakula...
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction books
You might enjoy the next in the series after A Wind in the Door.
Yes, it was written by Sarah Silverman and also is part of a series. Would you like to know anything else about the genre?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another example of young adult fiction.
It was released in 1974 and also falls into the Speculative Fiction genre.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance and drama.
It was released in 2008 and is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
Your welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and The Return of the King.
Aidan Turner starred in a book called the Hobbit, have you seen it?
The genre is fiction
yes. I recommend Xenocide and Lord of the Flies
Chris Weitz
Did you like this book because it was a fantasy?
Yes, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction and very good.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about the book?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes she won that prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles, California.
Glad to be of help
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
It was also written by Frank McCourt, who also wrote Bridesmaids. Have you read that one?
Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yep. He also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in speculative fiction?
Oh, it's good. Can I help you with anything else?
How about The Fault in Our Stars? It's also a young-adult fiction.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those ?
It's a Historical period drama. It was also made into a movie.
Of course! You are welcome.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
The Goon is a horror movie starring Tim Miller. Do you like his movies?
The Black Hat is also a movie starring Tim Miller
your welcome
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a war film released in 2013 by Pan's Labyrinth.
Yes! It is a movie starring Alex Angulo. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Alex Angulo is a Spanish film.
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It starred Alex Angulo and is also in the genre of War.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
That is correct. George Carlin also starred in Slaughterhouse-Five
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote a series of books like X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Vampire Chronicles: A True Life Novel
Yes, I like fredéric Mugler. He wrote . What's your favorite genre to read?
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a historical period drama. I haven't seen it yet.
I do. There's a version of The Godfather Part II which is in the drama genre.
Robert Duvall is a great actor.
Sean Penn wrote that movie. Do you like his books?
Yes, it was adapted into a movie starring Sean Penn. It's a drama and a biography. Have you seen it?
I recommend Into the Wild and The Tree of Life. Have you seen them?
Me too! He starred in Shackleton which is a really good movie.
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and Les Miserables
Sure, one of his most well-known actors would be Anne Hathaway. It's a Romance, comedy and a romance film. Do you like those genres?
Have a good day!
I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I do. I liked her in Ramona and Beezus. Did you see that movie?
I agree, I think I will listen to all of her music. Is that something you'd like to listen to?
Sure! I've been a fan since I'm a huge fan.
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
Yes, they won the 2005 UEFA Team of the Year.
The Maze Runner series is a book. The Maze Runner books have genre Young-adult fiction
Rick Riordan wrote The Scorch Trials
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered children's literature and was released in 1997
Yes, it starred Craig Ferguson and was directed by him.
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a fiction. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre.
it was released in 2012 and its a good movie
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books by her?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, there are a few authors similar to Dracula, have you heard of The Invisible Man?
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Yes, it is a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure. It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is actually part of the The Good Doctor series.
You're welcome. He's also in The Good Doctor.
I think they are a great team and Gary Kubiak is their coach
Yeah, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, and he also owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Well, it's a classic! William Hurt and Frank Grillo are also in it. Do you like his movies?
It came out in 2007 and is a crime, drama/fantasy.
Sure! Wuthering Heights is written by Emily Bronte. It was released in 1847. It is a mystery/fantasy film that was released in 1847.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth, which is a Historical period drama. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1931 and is also a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information but I can tell you The Waves was also a Historical period drama.
Enjoy!
Yeah, she is a very good tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Yes, she is a Brazilian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Oh, yea. That's a great sport to watch. What is your favorite team?
Did you know he also played for the Mumbai Indians?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I do not have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
Glad to help
Crazy, Stupid Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Tangled which is another romantic comedy
If you like romance movies, I would recommend A Bug's Life. It's a nice romantic movie.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote Wolves of the Calla, The Stand, and The Stand.
He is American, from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fiction book and The War of the Worlds is a fiction book
I'm sorry I do not have information on that
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an excellent movie
Tom Hanks starred in the comedy called Forrest Gump. Would you like to hear more about movies starring Tom Hanks?
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on those movies, but I can tell you it is highly recommended!
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
It's in the same genre as Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Have you read that?
It is a mystery and was released in 2014. It also stars Pierre Perrier.
I do. I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they are doing well. Pete Carroll is a good coach.
It's about the Seahawks, but they're not as good as the Cowboys. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLI?
Do you know anything about the Seahawks ? They are not too loud!
Jerry Spinelli wrote this Fiction book and it was released in 2000.
She also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is also a young adult fiction and was released in 1995.
I think he is a very good athlete
That's correct. Did you know he lost to Roger Federer?
I agree. I like Federer's salary.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a Speculative fiction or because it was a Mystery?
Yup, she wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
Yes she did. What Alice Forgot was released in 2009. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they will make it to the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Did you know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
They seem to be having a bad season but they're having a good season.
Hmm. I am not a fan of the Cowboys. But I do know that he used to work at the Hubert H. Humphries.
Yes! X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. X-Men 2 was written by Stan Lee. Would you like to know more about that?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth.
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one.
It's a self-help book and an Autobiography. Would you like to know more about it?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse or Escape from New York.
Ok, have a good day.
Well, enjoy the movie!
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Kathryn Sutherland and Channing Tatum both starred in 22 Jump Street.
Yes, he was also in Magic Mike, which is a really funny movie.
You're welcome.
Definitely, it was directed by Sean Penn and is a biographical film starring Sean Penn. Do you like that genre?
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Indeed she did. No Strings Attached is also a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Have you seen Spaceballs? It is also Sci-Fi.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf, Bill Murray and more starred in TRON: Legacy.
It was released in 2007 I can add to your watch list.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown. Have you read them?
Yes, I recommend Seven Pounds in the Woods and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
That book was written by George R.R. Martin and is a children's literature.
Sure. Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Sea, and Welcome to Temptation
A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You might like To Your Scattered Bodies Go, it is also a Fiction Novel.
To Have and Have Not is similar to A Farewell to Arms.
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Sheen is a big name in this movie.
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters
Enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is a sci-fi, action film and stars Ryan Reynolds. Do you like action films?
You might like World War Z with Brad Pitt or The Avengers.
Yes! It is also a sci-fi movie and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Are you interested in those actors?
Yes she was. She also starred in the X-Men series.
Sure! Jean-Pierre Pierre starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
Micmacs is a Thriller and also directed by Jean-Pierre Moreau.
I do not know when he was a career. He is a comedian and was born in Chicago.
Your welcome.
Sure! The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Similar books would be Water for Elephants or The Moon and More.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You are welcome.
Joel Coen and Jim Carey star in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in The Shawshank Redemption, another great suspense movie he was in.
Directed by Richard Condon, it's a great movie.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
It is an adventure/fantasy film starring Brad Pitt. It's a great movie.
It sure is! It also stars Robert Duvall. Have you seen him?
Enjoy!
Jojo Moyes wrote that book.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome.
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, Robert Dumas was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Little Mermaid and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a fantastic movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about movies starring Tom Cruise?
I have. Did you know Peter Capaldi also starred in Someone Like You?
Enjoy!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, there is a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome, enjoy!
If you like Science ]Fiction, you might enjoy X-Men 2, Transformers or Vanilla Sky.
Have you seen the X-Men movies? It's quite scary.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller, Science Fiction novel. It was released in 2011.
Yes, I do. I recommend Walking Disaster.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
Great! You may enjoy The Matrix Revolutions or The Portable Atheist.
John Wick also starred Sacha Baron Cohen and Debra Winger.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. She is a very talented pianist.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited and directed Speed Racer.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both Family and Comedy.
It is! It's also a thriller and was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Sure! Do you like Blood Promise because it is young adult fiction or young adult fiction?
Have you read any of the Vampire Academy series?
It was also written by Richelle Mead. It was released in 2012 and is considered a children's literature.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon also wrote it, have you read it?
Mission: Impossible is a war movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you be interested in other movies in that genre?
Cool. Did you like it because it starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman?
Some of the similar movies are Zombieland, The Fast and the Furious and X-Men movies as well.
Yes, he was in V for Vendetta and The Warrior. Both very good movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy-drama film.
You're welcome.
That's a great one! She wrote The Princess Diaries. That was released in 1886. Have you read it?
Yes, it was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley have you read it?
Yes, they are all written in English, but they were also written in English.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, but I don't have much information on the release date. He also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance.
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are a team in the NFC south. John Fox is a coach. Do you like him?
Haha, my niece is a fan of the Cowboys, but I haven't heard much about the Cowboys before. Are they good?
I love hockey and baseball as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2. They are both animated and comedies.
Toy Story 3 is a Thriller, while Tom Allen starred in Toy Story 3.
It is very good! It has a lot of Thrillers like Unbelievable, and is also a Romantic Comedy
Yes, I will do it!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma. Are you a fan of the team?
I don't know much about basketball either. I know a little bit about it, because I don't follow it either. I know Steph Curry is a basketball player though.
I like to watch college football and basketball. I don't really follow sports. How about you?
Sure! Blade Runner is a science fiction film released in 1996. Do you like science fiction movies?
William Sanderson also starred in The Wolverine which is another Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
Sarah Michelle Gellar is also a star in that movie. It is very entertaining.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Duvall and is a very good movie. It is a speculative fiction.
He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance and comedy.
The Way is a psychological thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen that one?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
The Fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
Other science fiction movies include; Wolverine and the X-Men
You're welcome
Yes, she has an amazing voice. She has been influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite of hers?
I think she's a good actress. She has some great songs. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Sure! He wrote The Three Musketeers and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
El juego del iz is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Yes, there is. You should give it a try.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown.
It is a mystery genre
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like The Untouchables because it's a Historical period drama?
It is a mystery/crime and fantasy movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a good movie, have you seen The Godfather Part II?
The French Connection is a drama film starring Robert De Niro and Kevin Costner.
You're welcome
No, but it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Silence
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Sure, The Smurfs is also a good Drama movie and it is also a Thriller
The main lead in The Slaves is Kirk Douglas, and the main lead in the film is Patrick Wilson
Sure
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
I believe it to be a drama, but I'm not sure of the genre but I believe it was released in 2011
I'm not sure about that. I believe it was similar to Beautiful Darkness.
Glad to be of help
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Sci-fi movie. Are you looking for a Sci-fi movie or a Sci-Fi movie?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Have you read it?
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a comedy.
Shopaholic, Baby is a great book!
Sure. She wrote some good books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes,It is a Romance novel, best known as Romance
It is also written by Michael Bay
No problem
Well she wrote The Search, which was released in 1943, are you familiar with her work?
It was released in 1943
Yes it was
I am a huge fan of the Belgium team, but I don't really follow football. How about you?
That's interesting. What team does he play for?
Oh, I like baseball too. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
Yes, he is one of the director and he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like him?
Yes, I have seen it, but I don't know much about it. Is it a sci-fi film?
Yes, David Fincher starred in Witches Abroad and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes he was in Shackleton and action adventure film.
Kevin McNally
It came out in 2010
Yes, he wrote the Bourne Ultimatum and The Princess and the Frog.
He wrote a series of books in the genre of fiction.
Yes, he also wrote a version of the Harry Potter series.
No problem!
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Have you read any of those books?
Well, I'm going to add both to my to read list. They are a pretty good one.
No problem, have a good day!
Stan Lee and Emma Stone are in it. Do you like them?
Yes he is. Emma Stone also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Iron Man 2.
Yes Rashida Jones was in that film as well!
You are welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, a critic?
If you like the speculative fiction genre, I'd recommend Wuthering Heights and Xenocide.
I have not seen it but I did see it. It is a great drama and crime movie.
You are welcome have a good day.
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in it.
Enjoy!
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Monica Bellucci, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a big fan but I did enjoy The Weekend because it is a romantic comedy
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was so good, with a great song and especially the song The Morning.
Is it the book written by John Grisham?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It is also a good family drama.
The Brethren was released in 1987 and is also in the Thriller genre.
Vampire Academy is also a screenwriter. It is a biography.
Yes there is. It was written by Stephen King and is in the English language.
Happy to help!
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket by James Patterson. Does that sound interesting to you?
You're welcome.
Oh yes. I love all the work he's done for the WTA on the Voice. I love the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
Do you know if Maroon 5 is with Maroon 5?
I don't watch them. I do like X Factor. I think Maroon 5 is a great actor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's considered both sci-fi and adventure. Do you like those genres?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, they are written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
Have you tried The Tragedy of Othello (The Moor of Venice), The Moor of Venice?
No problem.
Yes! Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Would you like to know more about either of those?
Yes he did
The movie was released in 2002
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Tropic Island Hum
Bobby Bobby was also in Tropic Island Hum
Me too! He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, he did! It's a great movie.
He was influenced by Tom Hanks, Rita Wilson, and Richard Linklater.
Yes, it's considered children's literature. If you like children's literature, I think you should enjoy The Absolute Sandman.
Glad to help out!
Sure, Her stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Sure. Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and in the X-Men series.
Ok.
Alright, and Scarlett Johansson starred in the X-Men series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes. Enjoy!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine and is an Action movie. Do you like Action movies?
Okay. She starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
I like them ok. Didn't they win the AFC North?
I think Bud Adams also has coached the Denver Nuggets.
Well I don't follow soccer much but I do know Bud Adams was influenced by many people.
Sure! Robert Duvall starred X-Men Apocalypse and The Doom Generation. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle.
Of course, he also starred in The Last Olympian and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a singer song writer and musician. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
no i didnt know that. do you like him?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: John Lennon. I think Wayman is a composer and playwright.
that is true! what do you think about Wayman?
I'm not really a fan of him but I do know he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz.
Honestly, I don't listen to much of his music but I do know that he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz, Selena Gomez, also a singer.
Did you know he was influenced by other artists like Sensation Day, Ted Hughes, and Sara Shepard?
Yes, there is a movie also called The Fellowship of the Ring. The Fellowship of the Ring is the first book.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee was also in The Two Towers and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction, and The Son of Neptune is a good one. Do you like this genre?
Well, Then you'll love The Winds of Winter. It is written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Perhaps you would like Beavis and Butt-head Do America, or Rugrats go Wild.
Ok, you'll like The Simpsons Movie. It's also Animation and stars Bill Murray.
Enjoy it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Are you a fan of musicals?
Yes, Wicked also starred Jennifer L. Armentrout.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome.
Yes. She starred in Swordfish and You've Been Warned.
Braveheart also starred James Frain and Martin Scorsese.
It was released in 2003
You're welcome.
I'm not familiar with his work but I know he wrote the book Cloud Atlas, where you aware of that?
It is in English. Did you enjoy this book because it was romance?
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Glad I could help.
Sure. He directed Unstoppable and The Superhero. Have you seen either of those?
Super stars Kate Beckinsale and Bill Pullman.
He also starred in Men in Black 3. It is a romantic comedy
I hope you enjoy them
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which is fiction.
Yes. It was written by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to hear, but I love the movie! It's a science fiction movie. It's a thriller and science fiction.
No I haven't seen it. Is it a science fiction movie?
There's Captain America: Civil War, that is one of my favorites!
I hope you enjoy them!
I think his last album was released in 2016. Do you like his music?
Sure, I am not sure. However, My data shows it as well. It was on the radio for a while.
I like him as well. I'm not a huge fan of his. But Pray was in a lot of westerns. I like him as well.
I like them both. My favorite band is American Idol.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Its in a weird language
The Genre is fiction
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94.
Yes, he also plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, but I'm not sure. Do you like any other athletes?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure! Stephen Hawking wrote a Speculative fiction called The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
Stephen Hawking also starred in The Missing. It's a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Enjoy!
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Sure! Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more books by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 1999 and is a Romance Novel.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Underdog is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Enjoy!
City of God is a crime and drama starring Cassandra Clare. Do you enjoy that genre?
The Escapist is a horror/mystery and was released in 2006.
I do. Steven Mackintosh also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why The Future of Us and The Future of Us. Do either of those sound interesting?
Wildwood Dancing is also a good one.
Well, if you have not read it, you should check out Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
It was released in 2006, and it is a part of a series.
Glad I could help!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
Have you heard of The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost Souls: City of Lost Souls: City of Lost Souls: City of Lost Souls?
You're very welcome.
Sure! The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kostova and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I actually don't have any other names. But I do know it was written by John Higgins Clark. It is also a great suspense novel.
I am not sure. I haven't seen it yet. It is a good thriller. It is written by David Fincher. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure. Enjoy your read.
Book Thief is young-adult fiction written by Markus Zusak. Are you familiar with his work?
Did you know it was written by Tate Taylor?
Yes! He was in Help. Have you seen it?
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Certainly. Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
The Ghost is a Mystery and Drama.
Yes, it is. Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure! Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also the starring in Snow White.
The Brothers Grimm also wrote Valiant and The Huntsman.
You are welcome!
Yes. Rick Riordan wrote that book. His books are based on Greek mythology.
Yes, it was a good one. If you like young adult fiction, you might also enjoy the next in the series called The Titan's Curse.
Enjoy!
I agree, The Weeknd is a great lyricist. Did you know he composed for movies?
That's right. Did you know she was also in The Muppets?
If you like comedy films, you should check out The Winter's Bone and The Poker House.
I do, Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
It's a good one! Do you like Will Smith? He's been in a few films.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
he wrote Terms of Endearment
If you like As Good as It Gets you'll like X-Men you might like that.
Certainly, What a Girl Wants is also a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes! Evan Goldberg is an American director. He directed The Interview. Have you seen it?
Great! She also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen that one?
Yes, This is the End is a psychological thriller and yes it does. You should enjoy it.
Enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also starred in Rocky. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
That movie stars Kyla Pratt, Dustin Milligan, Kirsten Dunst and Josh Brolin.
Yes, she is. She also starred in The Cosby Show.
Glad to help
Sure, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like that genre?
The Queen of Attolia is a Fantasy
No problem, do you need any other information about this movie?
There are 3 movies in this series, one is a trilogy
Yes,It is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was also written by Jean M Auel.
The Shelters of Stone is a Historical novel released in 1993. It's a great historical fiction novel.
Have you read The Plains of Passage? It's a great book.
Glad to be of assistance!
Derek Jacobi starred in a number of movies, including Unstoppable, The Rules of Attraction, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Sci-Fi movie and also is a thriller.
He sure did! He also starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
That is correct!
Yeah, I think he's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. He was also in the Indian national cricket team.
I don't follow it. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. I like tennis. I like Serena Williams. How about you?
Yes, I agree. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Michael Jordan is a great basketball player, but I haven't heard about Larry Bird. He's a great actor.
I think Ivan Reitman also produced Ghostbusters.
Honestly, I'm not really a fan of the Broncos. I do like their coach John Fox. Do you have a favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan he was also a teacher and from the United States
It is speculative fiction and fantasy.
The Lost Symbol and The Lightning Thief
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was originally published in 1987. Have you read it?
He has written several books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those ?
Enjoy!
Did you like Michael Crichton because it was a Romantic Comedy?
Yes! Michael Crichton is related to Crichton's books.
It's a writer and film producer. He writes a lot of thrillers.
You're welcome.
Well, it's a great movie! Did you know that Russell Crowe starred in it?
Yes he does! Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
The Incredibles!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Yes, it's a book and also a film.
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Sure! Ed Sheeran is a very talented singer. He also started as a musician and a model.
Yes, it was
Have you heard Men in Black 3?
It is a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
The Thief of Always is written by John Calley and is a Young-adult fiction.
He also wrote Welcome to Temptation, The Raven King, and many more. Have you read any of these ?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie. It also stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might like The Return of the King. It's a fantasy movie.
Yes, but I don't know much about her. I think he was born in London.
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like his books?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more about it?
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a detective fiction novel. Do you like detective fiction?
Certainly, it is a detective fiction.
Have you seen Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins?
The Girl on the Train was written by Nick Cassavetes.
I'm not sure if there are any other films filmed in Mexico but The Girl on the Train is a biography.
Yes, I like his music he's a great singer song writer. Do you like him?
I do like her fathers music. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3
Yes, I do like her! She is my favorite singer-songwriters.
Yes! He starred in Two Girls and a Guy and also directed Terms of Endearment.
No, Nora Dunn starred in Three Kings, have you seen that?
Do you like movies starring David O. Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it is also a film written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is.
Yes, How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a drama. It is also a film
Glad I could help
He starred in The Wraith which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and The Big Year.
No, but I can add it to your queue if you like?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, he has also starred in such films as The Legend of Tarzan and The Order of the Phoenix, as well as The Legend of Tarzan. Would you like to know more about either of those?
You're welcome! Have a good one.
Sure. Joseph Heller starred in The Skulls with William Peterson. Have you seen that?
World Without End is written by Joseph Heller.
Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also directed Deadpool. Do you like comedies?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic. It is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a good book and also a movie.
Yes. It was written by J.K.R.R. Tolkien. Have you read it?
Absolutely, the series is by J.K. Rowling
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It sure is. It is in English. Another book in the same genre that you might like is The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read it?
It is a great read. Enjoy!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Matthew McConaughey, and Matthew McConaughey. Do you like these actors or genres?
X-Men is a great Sci-Fi movie, as is Interstellar.
Another great Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: First Class.
It stars Brad Pitt, Danny DeVito, and Jack Black. It's a good one.
Great, have you seen A Time to Kill or X-Men 2?
Yes! His song We Rode in Trucks is unbelievable!
It's a pop rock and soul singer. Do you like this type of music?
It's a pop music as well. Do you like this type of music?
He wrote Law abiding citizen
Yes, and Emily Watson starred in Equilibrium.
She's a great actress. It's a drama.
Enjoy!
He is a scientist and author. He wrote The Verdict and The Verdict
He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Divergent Story
It is crime fiction
Sure! The Selection is Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it
Have a great day
Richard Linklater directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt I would recommend
Yes, it is a Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, I hope you enjoy!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Would you like to know more about the book?
John Green also wrote Paper Town and Looking for Alaska
Are you looking for other books by John Green?
If you like Paper Towns, you might also like Looking for Alaska
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes he did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen it?
That's correct! He's a great actor. He also starred in The Plains of Passage.
There was a version of The Chronicles of Riddick. It was a great movie.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He was a scientist and wrote Santaland Diaries. He was also a scientist. Are you a fan of scientist?
He was influenced by David Sedaris, did you know he was also a scientist?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read either of these?
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, the United States of America. It describes the actions and interactions of a group of people.
Happy reading!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American author. He wrote Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain. Have you read either of those?
Thirteen Moons has genre Thriller and was released in 2001.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome!
I have not heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I am sorry, I don't know that information. I like their music a lot. My favorite band is Shake it off. How about you?
Yes he is a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which a great drama film.
He wrote Island of the blue Dolphins which has a genre of both Fiction and Speculative fiction.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and poet.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
Yes, he did. He competed in the 2012 Olympics.
I don't have any more information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
Yes, it appears to be in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt was married to Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You are welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Martin Scorsese to name a few.
Sure. Robert De Niro has starred in Ghostbusters II, Toy Story, and The Dark Knight.
Have you seen The Ghost? It is a good one.
Sandra Bullock starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
you are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Thomas Lennon, Joss Whedon stars in What Lies Beneath.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2001.
You are welcome.
I know they are a team in the NBA. They are a team in the NBA. Do you like them?
Not much. But I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I do like to watch basketball. The Lakers are a great team. Who is your favorite team?
Oh great, I'll have to check out one of his games. Did you know he was a voice actor?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true, do you like movies starring Jason Statham?
Simon West is a great director
Yes, Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is considered children's literature and it is also considered children's literature.
Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a comedy-drama film?
Another good movie by Mark Gordon is Affleck. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did star in that, and was a great actor!
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage is a science fiction staring in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Gravity was released in 2010. It also starred Scott Glenn, who also starred in Gravity.
The Vikings and the Last Crusade were also released in 2013
You're very welcome.
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I didn't know that. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, you should check it out. It's a different division.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Do you like either of them?
Rebecca Hall starred in Thor and The Dark Knight
You are welcom
It is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. Are you a fan of the genres?
Yes, it is. It is also a war film. Have you seen the film?
I would recommend Virginia Woolf. It is similar to the War and the World.
You are welcome.
Sure. He wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and P.C. Cast.
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
It is. It is also a mystery and was directed by Scott Angus.
It is correct. Did you know that Zadie Smith is also a scientist?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen this movie?
Toy Story 2 was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend some other family movies. Would you like to hear more?
Sure! You are welcome.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life. I love those actors.
Yes, and Denzel Washington is talented too. He also produced and directed This is the End which is a thriller.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team is your favorite team?
They were the runner ups in the Super Bowl XLVII though.
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
Zooey Deschanel is a good one
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
No, I am not sure about that
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Ted Tally wrote it and he also wrote Girl with a Pearle Earring.
You should check out The Silence of the Lambs as well. It is also a thriller and was directed by Ted Tally.
Enjoy your film!
The Transformers is a great action movie. Did you like it because it was a action movie?
Yes. Shia Lebouf also starred in The Shawshank Redemption, have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
Yes, Russell Westbrook is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics
Basketball is not my favorite sport but I do watch it when it comes to basketball. How about you?
Yes, they were all played in the 90s. It's a very interesting story.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it is part of a series - the next in the series is Lord of the Flies
Yes it is! It was written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I agree. One of my favorite golf players is Tiger Woods. He won the 2007 PGA Championship and a couple other times.
I have seen that movie too!
The are ok, I hate their mascot Miles. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
Oh, I don't have a lot of information on football either. I do know that it is from the United States.
I see. It was like the Patriots and the Chargers too.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Have you read it?
It was released in 1963 and is co-written by Julio Cortázar and was released in 1963.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that a singer?
Yes I did. She was also in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
It was released in 2011. The Giver is a science fiction movie.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
It is also classified as young adult fiction. Would you like to know more about this?
Enjoy!
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death
Yes he did. It was also written by Truman Capote. Have you seen it?
Yes, but I haven't seen In Cold Blooded. It was directed by Truman Capote.
Sure, Nathan Greno wrote Tangled which is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
That is correct! Mandy Moore was also in The Moth Diaries. Have you seen that one?
The Muppets is a good family movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are right. Tim Allen was great in Toy Story! He was also great in it!
Yes! He was also in Larry Crowne. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. Are you referring to the one directed by Steven Spielberg?
The Goonies is a Science Fiction movie. Steven Speilberg also wrote A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
This movie was released in 1999 and is also a thriller.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also directed Dumb and Dumber, another one you might enjoy.
Sure, you can try Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
You're welcome.
Certainly, Al Pacino and Bridget Fonda are starring in The Godfather Part II.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Craig R. Baxley and was released in 1996.
I believe Joe Mantegna is also a director.
Certainly. He has starred in all of the The Godfather movies. Have you seen any of them?
It's a good one. It also stars Jane Austen and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Sure! White House Down and Unbreakable are two really good Crime films.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, she is a singer. Is she any good?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of them are like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally loved their music when it came out. My favorite part of that series was American Idol. Do you know her?
I prefer alternative rock, but Linkin Park's more of acoustic guitar and an alternative music. I really prefer alternative rock.
Yes he starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Twister, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in The Incredibles. It also starred Samuel L. Jackson.
He was also in Twilight, which is a very entertaining movie.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was also in The Street Lawyer and The Sting.
She was also in Monsters Inc. That's a good Family Stone.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Surelvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel.
Yes, she also wrote The Collected Poems and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was influenced by Virginia Woolf.
I'm not sure. But I do know he was in the movies Valentine's Day and The Wiz. Have you seen either of those?
That is a good one, too. He also wrote Milkweed and Wish You Well, another good one.
That's right! It was written by John Lennon. It was released in 2003.
Sure, he directed Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a science fiction movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have access to that information right now, but it is a comedy.
Ben Stiller is a great actor!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Oh, yes. It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
Yes, he wrote The Last Colony and The Three Musketeers. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2006. Would you like to know more about it?
It is! I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Sure! She has written many good books. Two of which are The Color Purple and Possessing The Secret of Joy.
The Color Purple is genre Speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
Yes, the genre is musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
Memento is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson
Absolutely, Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He plays for France national football team.
Wow! I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them both! They were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII right?
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was a Romance or Drama?
John Irving wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
It is. It is also written by John Irving.
It was released in 1981.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A Fox
Yes, she does. She also starred in Men in Black 3. It is a romantic comedy.
It also stars Robert Louis Stevenson and Rosario Dawson. It is also a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the genre like Ocean's Thirteen?
Sure. The Fight Club is a Thriller with Matthew McConaughey.
I don't know about comedy but I do know it is starring Helena Bonham Carter
If you like Brad Pitt you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
You might enjoy Winter's Bone or The Game of Thrones.
Yes, it is! It also stars Nathan Lane. It is a Romantic film.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians
Did you know Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians?
That is a interesting fact, if you have no other information about cricket, he is from India.
You agree! He's a great coach. Did you know that he's also a coach?
Mike Brown is a good coach. Do you know if he is a fav player?
Yes, Holes is a book Holes written by Louis Sachar.
He also wrote Unleashed Away and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you enjoy young adult fiction books?
Would you like to know more about Wayside School is Falling Down?
I know that Stephen Curry is a basketball player and plays both positions shooting guard and point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are both basketball movies. One of them is the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball movies?
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar
Yes i can and it is a comedy-drama film and it has a bit of drama and crime. It has a bit of drama and crime.
Sure. Vulgar is a crime and drama film directed by Kevin Smith. It is a good film.
Sure, he has a hand injury, and is a comedy-drama and a bit of drama. Kevin Smith also directed and starred in The Pursuit of Happiness which is a good film.
Absolutely! Is there anything I can help you with?
I don't know much about it. I know it's a soccer team and Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not much, but I did hear he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes. It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth and The First rule are both Speculative fiction.
I believe it is a novel and it falls under the speculative fiction genre.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell and released in 1949.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was released in 1949.
Yes he wrote Seventeen Eighty-Four which is a Fiction novel as well.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is historical fiction and was released in London.
Sure, hope you enjoy the novel.
It is a children's novel. Do you like childrens literature?
I hope you enjoy them
Glad I could help.
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
Wes Welker is a Houston Rockets professional American football team based in Houston, Texas.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's on the Patriots. Do you like him? He's a great quarterback!
Yes I do. He is a great boxer. Do you like Boxing?
Yeah, he's good, but I don't know what year he won. Is he your favorite boxer?
Oh, I didn't know that. I did know he was also a scientist?
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
The City was written by Robert C. O'Brien.
It appears to be a mystery as well
There is a movie part of the Twilight series written by Stephenie Meyer. What would you like to know about it
Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror? They are also romances.
Of course! It stars Steve Buscemi and Leonardo DiCaprio. It's part of the series after Twilight.
If you have watched all of the Twilight movies, I think you will enjoy it.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Snows of Kilimanjaro.
Sure. It's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living Living?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Glad I could help.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Sure! Jack Reacher is a mystery/crime movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about that?
Top Gun is also a thriller that stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch that?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music. I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like him?
I don't have any information on him but I can find some of his music on his playlist if you like.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, have you see Welcome to Sarajevo or Once Upon a Time?
You're welcome!
Se7en is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Green?
Have you seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a Crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you like them both.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, but I have heard of Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015, and was written by John Green.
Yes, it was also written in English. Enjoy!
Yes, she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
I am not a big fan of hers but I haven't heard it before. Do you?
I am not sure if she has. I do know that she has a sibling name Nicki Minaj is also a singer.
Yes, I do. I love reality television movies. Have you seen it?
If you enjoyed City of Fallen Angels, City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Does this sound familiar?
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes! Terry George directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
Hotel Rwanda is an Adventure Thriller
The other Boleyn girl starred by J.K. Simmons.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller. You might enjoy that if you haven't seen it.
The Other Boleyn Girl stars Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, and Michael Caine.
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2002. It's considered a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
The Castle is a historical period drama. It's considered a classic.
You're very welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hanks also starred in Catch Me If You Can. Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes! Paula Hawkins wrote The Succubus Blues which is also a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was a movie and it was directed by Paula Hawkins
No problem!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is a fantasy novel and The Queen is considered a drama.
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is also a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
The Modern Prometheus was released in 1818 and was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Have you seen The Modern Prometheus? He was also in that.
Oh yes, she is also in The Last Stand, which is a great movie.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Did you know that The Fault in Our Stars is also a young-adult fiction?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know that! Do you know who he is?
Yes they all become a football team. Do you know who he is?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes I do, and you're welcome.
Yes I have. I would classify it as a Sci-Fi novel.
Of course! X-men is an action film, and a sci-fi flick, but X-men is a sci-fi flick. Do you like sci-fi?
Chris Pratt starred in the Planet of the Apes. Would you like to know more about it?
Volcano is a Crime Fiction and was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes! Missy Eliot was in that movie as well. He was also in The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Tess Gerard Butler and Lena Olin starred in it.
You're welcome
I know hes a soccer player for the Portugal national football team and that's it?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What's your favorite team?
I am a fan. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. How about you?
I do! I love American football. What is your favorite team?
I am a Redskins fan so I have no idea. What is your favorite team?
They will be in the Super Bowl this year!
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
Sure, Scarface is starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Have you seen Wonder Boys? It's a crime/thriller.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Maze Runner. It's a drama/romance.
I hope you enjoy it!
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
That's a good one. You should check it out.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you know his songs?
I do like her music but I am not a fan of her. I haven't heard much of her music. What's your favorite?
Yes, she has a few years now. My favorite is American Idol.
Sure, what Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. Yes Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot and Truly Madly Guilty. Have you read those?
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and The Time Machine are also Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by Virginia Woolf. Would you like to know more about this?
Enjoy
Sure, Aladdin is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Roald Dahl
You are welcome, goodbye.
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets and in The Muppets.
Definitely. Did you know she has a new version of The Edge of Glory?
Yes, she was and the musician Meatloaf is the producer
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think I may have seen the movie before.
Yes they did. It was directed by Richard Linklater.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The Lorax, The Box, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes she is starring in The Birdcage.
No problem.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
The genre is Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released 2000. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he is a romantic romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, a few of his songs are World Without End, Wide Sargasso Sea, and Yo-Yas in Bloom. Have you heard of them?
I would say it's more of a rock and roll genre. It's more of a sci-fi, but if you like that genre, I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph
The genre is speculative fiction
It came out in 2004
Is there anything else I can help with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher? Have you seen those films?
Rise of the Guardians is a Sci-Fi drama
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about Hugh Jackman?
Enjoy!
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Yes, he has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Yes, he also starred in The Crucible and Manchurian Candidate.
It was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett.
Great choice, Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donner
Shooter is starring Rob Zombie and Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, Tate Donovan also starred in The O.C.
Glad to help
Do you enjoy it because it is a crime, drama or crime movie?
Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Do you like crime and drama movies?
Of course! Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Emma Stone and Steve Carrell were in it. They're good.
Yes. That was a good movie too.
Owen Wilson was in Zookeeper. It was a funny movie and it's very funny.
He plays for the New York Knicks.
Yes he is a Midfielder and forward.
He also plays for FC Bayern Munich and is a midflelder.
I know hes a soccer player for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. Do you like soccer
It is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is the captain of the Portugal national football team, as well as the Portugal national football team.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
You might like The Polar Express or The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes it is. I think you will like it. It is a great movie.
Awesome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
That's a good one! Did you know that it's a romantic comedy?
I like comedies. I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Have you seen it?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is a Mystery and was directed by Gary Ross.
I haven't seen it but I have heard of it. Do you know if it is a good movie though?
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
Some of her most famous romance novels include Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation.
I can't find that information, but I can find it for you. It is a romance novel.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner
He is from California. Are you a baseball fan?
Yes, it was released in 1999. Did you know it was directed by Spike Jonze?
I can't find that information, but I can tell you it is a crime fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information but I can tell you he also wrote That Thing You Do!
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is science fiction.
Yes it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you haven't seen that, you'll like That Thing You Do!
Yes, Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in it as well and it was a romantic comedy
The People Speak is a science fiction film also starring Ben Affleck
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Yes, Joe Montana was a great team. I do not have a favorite team but I do know the team is owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
No, I don't like the Steelers. I do like the QB Tom Brady though.
Do you like the genre Drama or the Thriller?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick.
I am not sure about that. However, I know she is also a scientist.
She starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
You're correct. It was also released in 2005. That's a great year for fiction.
The Mist was also released in 2005 and The Maze Runner was a great science fiction book.
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also science fiction and speculative fiction.
Sure, I'll enjoy them!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning has genre Adventure and Action. Do you like horror movies?
Sure, I'd recommend it.
Certainly. Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion stars Thomas Lennon and Michael Caine. It's a great thriller.
She also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
I sure do! He's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is one of her most popular movies
Yes Lady Gaga has a talented voice. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
That was a good one! Bradley Cooper was also in The Muppets! Did you know that Bradley Cooper starred in it?
The Muppets also has Will Smith. That's a great movie! It's considered a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? He wrote that one.
Essential readings for the Non-believer is science fiction and children's literature. Do you like these genres?
Yes. Lewis Carroll also wrote Angels & Demons, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You are very welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Science Fiction movie?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Armenian Genocide?
I apologize, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
I like her alot, she's a poet who wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
Yes I do. I love Adam Sandler in that movie. Do you?
That's another great movie to watch. It was written and directed by Harold Ramis. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
It is a psychological thriller and horror film. Do you like those genres?
Enjoy!
Sure. Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It is a drama/fantasy produced by Frank McCourt and released in 1999.
I haven't seen The Pelican Brief but I have heard of it.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is sci-fi or because it is a thriller?
You might enjoy Wicker Park or What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama and also a comedy-drama.
Patricia Clarkson starred in it and she's a great actress.
Bradley Cooper has been in lots of comedies, including Wildwood Dancing and The Words of Attraction.
Bradley Cooper is also in Valentine's Day, The Words of Attraction is another comedy movie Bradley Cooper starred Bradley Cooper
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and was a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, have you see Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee?
Are you sure you will like it if you do. It is also a movie and it is a drama.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
George Clooney wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Secrets of Joy, Grimes and Grimes to name a few.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller starring Matthew Vaughn?
He also starred in Transformers. Have you seen that one?
He was also in White House Down. Have you seen that one?
If you haven't seen While You Were Sleeping, is that a thriller?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it is a Thriller film?
Sounds like you would enjoy X-Men 2. It is also a classic.
Undisputed is an action film and it was directed by Terry Pratchett.
Sure, no problem!
It was written by Sara Gruen and is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Well, Water for Elephants is also a historical romance.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2014.
I'm glad I could help.
Didn't he play basketball? I remember when he was younger. Do you know when he was playing?
My favorite player is Venus Williams. Do you have a favorite player?
Yes, it is a good one. I agree. Do you know if James McConaughey is a basketball player?
Oh wow! That's a good one. I never watched a basketball game. Do you like basketball?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
Sure. He also wrote Unforgiven and The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. Have you read either of those?
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, it is. The Godfather Part II is similar.
Yes, the Godfather Part II is a Sci-Fi movie, and Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. The Godfather Part II is a classic.
Yes I do. Did you know she starred in The Matrix?
Certainly, have you see the other movies starring Kate Winslet?
Thank you for letting me know.
Yes. It's a Drama Drama.
Enjoy!
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre fiction/fantasy
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution.
You're welcome!
If you like Insomnia, you might also like Animal Kingdom.
It is a psychological thriller film starring Michael Caine and Crime Fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm sorry I do not have the release date for that movie. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
Did you know he starred in movies such as How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
Saving Grace was released in 2007.
Yes I do! She is a Romanian professional tennis player from Switzerland. Are you a fan of hers?
Wow! I didn't know much about tennis but I did know that Simona Halep is also a musician and a model.
Oh wow. I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Oh, ok. I liked Tuesday Night Football as a comedy. Do you think the 49ers have a favorite team?
The genre is Memoir and Biography. Do you like Memoirs?
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
Shackleton is another good one by him. Have you seen it?
Certainly! He was also in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! It was written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Marisa Tomei. It is considered a romantic comedy.
It's a drama
You're welcome!
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
Haha, I don't know much about it. What sport do you like?
I heard Yovraj Singh is also an athlete that plays cricket
Sure! The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
Have you read The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Silver Chair?
Not sure. However, I believe it was a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
Glad to be of help
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, do you like Peter Pan because it's a Historical period drama?
The Golden Compass is a good one.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a Science Fiction novel with the genre of children's literature.
The book is a children's literature and was released in 1904.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
William Petty and William Weaver. Have you heard of him?
I'm not sure but it was released the same year as The Secret Life of Bees.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard. Would you like to know more about it?
No I do not have that information. I can tell you that Kristen Connolly starred in it as well.
Yes they are both adventure and family films. Do you like adventure films?
As long as you have time, I will add that to your list.
Do you like this movie because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
If you liked that one, you may also like The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also directed The Green Hornet and Man of Steel
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That's right. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006 and is a thriller
If you like action films, The Blind Side is a great choice.
Well it was also a good one, The Valley of Horses. Have you seen it?
It's the story of a Swiss mail order bride.
Happy to help!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I do not follow tennis but I do know that Venus is also a ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
Serena is also a actress, she starred in the TV series Serena.
Yes it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds he is also a director. Do you like it?
Certainly! Woman in Gold is a science fiction film and The Proposal is starring Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of sci-fi films?
Yes, I like Scarlett Johansson, she is a great actress. You should see The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure, Do you like Hugh Jackman or Crime Fiction?
Certainly. It was directed by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of war films?
Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and David Carradine to name a few.
It came out in 2002. Have you seen it?
Yes, I have seen Superman Returns starring Marlon Brando. Do you like it because of the action?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do!
great. I hope you enjoy it.
youre welcome
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown.The genre is Techno-thriller and Thriller. Do you like this genre?
The Last Templar starring Tom Berenger is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Great. The novel has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend a good one, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It is also a movie that is similar to The Wide Window.
It is a Drama, Comedy and Drama. Robert De Niro was also in it.
OK, no problem.
Yes, and it was written by Daniel Handle.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your movie.
Yes, I do. Outlander is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his books?
Besides the Outlander, she also wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Scottish Prisoner. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure of any other books she wrote but My Own Heart's Blood is a science fiction piece.
No I don't have that information. However, I can find some other books by her if you like.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazil national football team
Not really. I don't follow soccer much. Did you know he was from Rio de Janeiro?
Yes Ryan Gosling was in it and Hayden Panettiere was in it. Did you know he was also a musician?
Yes! He directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen either of those?
It's a sci-fi and adventure film. Do you enjoy those types of films?
I don't have any information on him. But I can tell you he starred in Someone Like You, which is a Action/Adventure film.
Shawn Roberts and Rip Torn also directed that movie.
I love Madonna. Did you know she starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
I like a lot of Madonna's style. She has a favorite of mine, do you know her?
Thrillers are my favorite. Moonwalker is a favorite. Have you seen it?
They're a good team, but I'm a fan of the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I have heard of the Jets apart of the National Football Conference and the York Giants.
I did not know that. I do know that the New York Jets owned by Robert Kraft and John York.
Yes, he wrote Snatch. I like him.
Sure! It's a thriller and was directed by Louis Sachar. Do you like this genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have the release date for Snatch.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes I know they are a south korean boy band
I have heard of them. Do you have a favorite K-pop group?
Oh yes, it is a nice song. I recommend it if you haven't been there.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and The Proposal.
He is friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
Yes, I believe he is. They're both friends.
Yes, he did! It's a good one.
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and was a comedy/crime and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a Comedy/drama and was released in 2003. It also stars Todd Allen and Ralph Fiennes. Are you a fan of those actors?
She was also in Starship Troopers. It is a Science Fiction Film. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction and speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and a crime. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen or The Fountain.
I don't have any other recommendations from it, but I can recommend some other action movies from him. Have you seen State of the Union?
That's right. Do you like Dwayne Johnson? He's a great actor.
Another one with Dwayne Johnson is You've Been Warned.
Yes, he is a cricket player that plays for the Mumbai Indians and his plays the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know too much about cricket, but I do know that Rohit Sharma is from India. I don't follow it either. I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, I do like football. What's your favorite team?
I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in White Oleander as well as in The Wild Life.
That is correct! She was also in The New York Trilogy. Have you seen that one?
If you have not seen it, you should check out Men in Black 3. It is a romantic comedy.
I'll have to add that to my watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read either of those?
It is a science fiction film. Are you interested in sci-fi?
Stanlee was written by Sacha Baron Cohen
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, and Memento. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is also a Thriller.
Sure, I will do that right now.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
There were runner ups to the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about them but I do know that they're owned by Bill Bidwill.
He has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
Yes, that's right. Did you know Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris?
Yes, there are a few good Romanticism in that genre. One of my favorites is Xenocide.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
Timothy Omundson is in it. It's a great film!
Deadpool was released in 2008 and is a superhero film.
You are very welcome!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
That's cool. I'll have to check it out now.
Yes she is. I like her in Princess Protection Program
No, I don't think I have seen him in that movie. But I do know he was a good actor.
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. I think you'll enjoy it.
It is a great comedy film. If you like comedy films, it's a great movie.
John C.Reilly also wrote Will Ferrell. Did you know he also wrote I Am Legend?
It was released in 2007 and is a great comedy.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. He is a very different person. His work is only based on the Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and Les Miserables
The Kings Speech was rated PG and starred Tom Hooper. Would you like to know more about his movies?
The King's Speech was released in 2012 and is a war film.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he also coached The Broncos. He's a good team though.
That's right, he's a great team.
Yes, both Nicholas Cage and John Travolta are in that movie.
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Battleship was a great movie. Did you know that Chris Hemsworth also starred in it?
If you like Liam Neeson, you should enjoy Shark Night.
I don't know much about him. He's a musician right?
He's an English musician and an athlete who plays cricket. I do not know of any of his music.
Oh, I do like R &B.
No I haven't, but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should have never seen it. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes he was, and he also wrote Vanilla Sky and The Rum Diary.
No I have not. I have not seen it.
Cool, enjoy!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
The Longest Yard,The Gathering Storm,The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner just to name a few
Yes, Burt Reynolds is in the X-Men Origins.
Some of the actors include Angelina Jolie, Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Lawrence
Sure, you'll like The Wolverine, it is an action movie
I'm sorry I don't have information on those
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, he is. He also wrote The Green Mile, and The Shawshank Redemption.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I do. And that was written by Winston Groom
Yes, I do. Didn't they win the Super Bowl XLVII?
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
I like him. He is a tight end for the team.
I believe they will make it to the playoffs.
Yes! She is a great singer. Did you know she is also a model?
I think she's a very good singer but also did you know she is also a model?
That is good, I think Skarsgard is a great singer. Did you know that Neeson was a friend with Dr. Dre?
He starred in Desperado! Have you heard of it?
Yes he was, he is also in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure what it was her last album. do you like electronic music?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
If you liked Jane Eyre, you should read The Professor. It's in the genre of Speculative fiction.
If you like her style, I would also recommend The Professor. Have you read it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The author of Le Comte de Monte-Cristo also wrote The Raven and The Raven.
Ernest Hemingway wrote it. It's a very popular book.
Station Eleven was released in 2014 and was written by Emily St. John Mandel. Do you like the author or genre?
Of course! Emily St. Mandel also wrote Last Chance to See, which is another great one.
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2015.
You are welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author, Rick Yancey.
No, but I know he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, it was. John Irving also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson also wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
Robert Jackson wrote it and it also wrote Timequake
It was released in 1599
Sure! Do you like the book because it's romance?
If you have a historical period drama, I would recommend Zoolander 2 or Two By Two.
Oprah Winfrey, Anna Kendrick and Reese Witherspoon are the lead actors.
Of course!
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
You're right. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013
It appears to be somewhere in the United States of America.
That's right. Would you like to read it?
Sure! He starred in The Dark Knight, which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a classic.
I'm sorry. I don't have any other movies that he's in. Are you interested in?
A Time to Kill is written by Josh Grisham. Do you like his books?
If you liked that one, you may also like The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read those?
Have you read The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Tim Dolin also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray, a fiction novel.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Robert Galbraith also wrote silkworm
She also wrote Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome
Are you looking for other titles by J.K. Rowling?
Sci-fi
The Fault in Our Stars is also in this genre
The genre is fiction fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
The Catcher in the Rye was written by Simmons.
Two By Two is written by Dan Simmons.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in Men in Black 3.
I'm not sure, but Armageddon is another great movie with him.
Ok, i'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Then you might like The Last Olympian written by Frank Beddor.
Sure, I can add them to your watch list.
I agree. Did you know that Damian Lilliard is from Oakland? He's a Point Guard.
I like Lebron James, he is a basketball player, and was born in Oakland.
He is a point guard, and he is a Point Guard.
Sure, Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, you might like The Realism as well. It is also a book that was released in 1951.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I don't know much about her music. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree. I love her music. I think I'm not a big fan of her. Is she any good?
It is a good one, it is written by Ann-Marie MacDonald .
It was released in 2008, and is considered a historical fiction.
I would recommend World Without End if you liked it.
I will definitely try that one as well.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That is a great one. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure! A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure. He also directed A Beautiful Mind which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and directed it.
Someone Like You is a drama
Enjoy!
It was written by J.D. Salinger, do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it was released in 1951 and is in English.
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football but I do know he's a soccer player for Argentina. What do you think?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 1960.
Tom Wilkinson and Rupert Everett both starred in it.
Have you seen the King's Speech?
Sure! She wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel released in 2005.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I don't know too much about them. I do know that the team is owned by Mike McCarthy
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Hour I First Believed?
I Know This Much Is True is also a Fiction novel written by Wally Lamb.
Yes, would you like to know about other novels written by Wally Lamb?
I do too.
The are ok, I hate their mascot Miles. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
Not really, but I'm with the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Patriots. But, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Sure! Inside Out is a Thriller, and is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg, isn't it?
I'm not sure of the release date for Jurassic Park III but I can tell you it is a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Victorious was also a tv show in children's tv show as well. Did you know Victoria was also a tv show?
I am not sure, but I know that Candice Bergen starred in it.
Yes, she was in that as well.
Downfall is a war film written by several people including Taudl Junge.
It's a good war film. Another great film is War film is Xenocide.
You're welcome.
It was a fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is also a Fiction and really good one.
Sure, I'll add Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi Thriller and was released in 2014.
Yes it is. Have you seen it?
Yes Mindy Kaling also starred in the X-Men series. Great movie.
Great choice! Mindy Kaling was also a voice actor in Wreck it Ralph
No problem, glad to help!
They are a good team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl XVII?
They are also having a good season but I am not a fan of the Cowboys.
Tony Romo is also a director! Did you know he was a former coach?
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that film?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. It also stars Frank Grillo and Tom Waits.
Yes, it has just a touch of just a touch of something. I would definitely recommend it.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't know much about him. However, I do know he's a professional golfer from England.
I don't have any information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Sure! She wrote The Waves, which is Fantasy. Do you like Fiction books?
It came out in 1927. Would you like me to add it to your must read list?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Yes. He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I like the Denver Nuggets
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs and The Last Stand. Have you seen either of those?
Time Bandits is a comedy and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Yes. Michael Mann also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is a Tom Cruise action film.
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Yes, she also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Can I help you with anything else?
I do. Did you know she has starred in different films aside from her singing career, like Valentines Day the romantic comedy
Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway
Oh, ok. That's a good one if I'm not mistaken. She also stars in Valentine's day
Yes, the Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Me either. I don't know much about Tomlin, but I do know that he's a team owner and a musician.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
She's written a number of fantasy books, including The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass. Would you like some other recommendations?
You're welcome, Anne Hathaway also wrote Evermore.
Enjoy!
James Rodrguez plays for the Columbia national football team. Do you like football?
Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, Radamel Falcao is also a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Yes, it is a movie starring Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire, it's written by him?
There's Something Wicked This Way Comes starring Robin Williams.
No problem.
Yes, John Tiffany wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two and two.
Yes, he did and it won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction.
Yes, it was made into a movie and is a science fiction. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in The Bourne Legacy. What did you like about it?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption.
Sure. She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do you like these genres?
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes she was, and Noel Gugliemi are also in it. It's a Biographical Film and was directed by Johnny Cash.
I'm so sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Rene Rust starred in it.
She also starred in Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read it?
Well, I haven't read it yet. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Have you seen either of those?
Spud is a thriller and Dredd is a drama
Yes, he does
Jennifer Lawrence is also in it
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a history/historical period drama and The Last Temptation of Christ is the third one in the series by Kreshner.
Yes, you're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
That actor starred in several movies including Unaccompanied Minors and The Watchmen.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are very welcome
Sure. He starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
You are correct. He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he is. He also starred in The Green Hornet.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Blood Diamond is a Transcendence and Drama.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he was also in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Inception is also a Sci-Fi movie. It was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Inception.
Yes James Cameron did. He also starred in The Dark Knight.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation in that genre?
Martin Starr starred in the movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Vanessa Fertio starred in Seabiscuit which is a thriller.
Don't mention it
Yes. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Washington Wizards are also a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I have seen Nanking. Did you know Stephen Dorff also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens, if you haven't seen it.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
Sure. The Long Winter is a mystery/fantasy book and was released in 1943.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like Wolves of the Calla and Wilder.
Sure thing. I'll add them to your library now.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck
Do you want me to add those to your list?
Another drama book is World Cinema. It was written by Ernest Hemingway.
It also comes under the Speculative fiction genre. Have you read that one?
It was written by Dave Pelzer
It is written by Dave Pelzer, do you like dramas?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's That Girl. Have you seen it?
The Pacifier was released in 2003 starring Vin Diesel.
Happy to help!
It's a drama starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
The characters are Luc Besson, Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
The Dark Knight Rises is a great one, have you seen it?
The movie was directed by Kate Winslet
It was released in 2004
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like movies she's starred in? She's been in a number of movies.
James Rodrguez is an American football player, he's from Columbia, and he plays for the Columbia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes they are. Did you know Rodrguez was also born in Bogota?
I think he was also a midfielder as well.
Robert De Niro was also on this movie, have you seen it?
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie. Do you like Science Fiction?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
That movie was released in 2006
Enjoy
I don't know much about them. They're owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
The owner is Jodi Picoult.
Yes I like football, but I prefer American Football.
Yes she plays badminton which is also an action film. Do you like that genre?
That's right! That was a great year for her! That's a must-see team!
I like swimming and football. Have you been to any of the Olympics?
He was from India. He was a very talented swimmer.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and A Bend in the road.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
Nicholas Sparks also starred in The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes Nicholas Sparks also starred in The Notebook.
Yes, he is a very famous person and also a musician.
Thank you
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is! Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen them?
Yes she was. She was also in Pulp Fiction, and Gattaca.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Are you a fan of his?
Sin City is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Robert Rodriguez starred in Wilde Salome, He's a very good actor
No problem!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it has a genre of Romance and Drama. Do you like Romance films?
The Kite Runner is a romance/action film. Have you seen it?
Sure, no problem!
Well she was the author of The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, he did and it's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure about that.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
It's a story.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1999.
Sure, The Beautiful Mind, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button are some other dramas in that genre.
It is written by Benjamin Button, and it is a drama.
It was released in 1925. It's considered a drama.
To name a few, it stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. It's considered a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, she also wrote The Professor. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Glad to help! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Moon and More. Have you read either of those books?
This Lullabye is a romance novel.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Steve Kloves and J.K. Rowling.
Glad to help! You are welcome.
I think he was a great cricket player but I don't know much about him. He's a musician right?
That's interesting. Did you know he was a musician?
No I did not. I am not a fan of cricket but I do know that they are currently playing.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). what else can i do for you?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey McGuire, Carey Mulligan, and Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of actors?
Glad I could help
Happy to help
Yes I do. Did you know that it is written by Meg Cabot?
There's one similar to The Princess Diaries, which is also a Disney movie. It was released in 2004.
It is! It also has a little bit of Fantasy and Comedy. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes, that's a good one, isn't it with Charlize Theron?
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. He also wrote To Build a Fire and The Sea Wolf. Do you like Historical Fiction movies?
You might enjoy White Fang or World Without End.
It was released in 1926 and is in the Speculative fiction genre.
Yes, it is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
Are you a fan of Speculative fiction?
A couple other books by him are Beautiful Sacrifice and Beautiful Oblivion.
Enjoy!
Enjoy
She starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook.
Meet the Parents is a comedy-drama and is also a comedy.
Enjoy!
I'm not a fan. I do know that they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill
The Bears are having a heck of a season. The team is owned by Bill Bidwell.
It would be considered a contender in the NFC West. Did you know their home venue is at the AT&T Stadium?
Do you like the Beloved because it's a Historical period drama?
Sounds like you might enjoy Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They're both historical films
That one stars Natalie Portman and Jason Bateman.
I like her music alot, but I prefer Selena Gomez
Yes it is. I think Liam Hensworth is a great singer but I don't know much about her other than that she is a fan of hers.
It was also a good movie. It was written by Nicolas Sparks. I haven't seen it yet.
Sure, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
Both are good. Nicholas Sparks also wrote One. Have you read it?
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wildest Dreams, have you seen it?
It appears to be a drama and a action film. I think you would enjoy it.
No, I don't have that information.
Robert Duvall is also in Young Victoria.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I do know that she's from London.
Have you seen Wildwood Dancing?
Sure, I will do.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Gary Scott Thompson or because it is a thriller?
I recommend Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, and many more
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like War Z?
World War Z was also a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes I did. That was a great movie starring Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
Oh yes, he was also in Wedding Belles and Miss Congeniality.
Are you interested in movies that he was in?
Oh, enjoy!
Sure! Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like the author or the genre Speculative fiction?
Yes, Cat's Cradle is considered a Sci-Fi novel. Do you like that genre?
No I don't have information on that.
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard yes he is okay
I didn't know that. I know he was a basketball player as well. He played point guard.
Wow! I didn't know that! That's pretty cool.
Yes I do he's a great singer song writer. Do you like his music?
I do not know any other song writers, would you like to know about some of them?
Yes it is. I believe she is also a screenwriter as well.
I am not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that, but I do know that The New York Yankees are owned by Jeffrey DeMunn.
Oh wow, I see. That's a good team! Do you follow any sports teams?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
Ned Beatty starred in it. Did you know it was also a comedy?
Yes, it also stars Nathan Zieg and Warren Zide.
The Last Stand is a similar one.
No I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. How about you?
Oh yeah, and also he was in The Dark Knight, one of my favorite films!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That was a pretty good team.
Oh, I didn't know Philidelski is in that movie, but I did catch a match here and there.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a great movie. It's a comedy-drama.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856. It's considered a classic!
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more about Madame Bovary?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on similar authors, but I can tell you that Madame Bovary is also a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi was in American Beauty. Do you like this genre?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening starred in it.
American Beauty stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Affleck
Yes she is. Did you know she is also a model?
Of course, that's all I really know about her.
Good Deeds is also a romantic comedy.
Yes he produced The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry i do not have that information
Sure, It was released in 2003 and stars Natalie Portman and Charlize Theron.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly
Your welcome
I'm unsure if she has a new album, but he has had a new release, have you heard this song?
The Time of Cholera stars Kate Beckinsale and Phyllida Law
She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
I love James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you that he also starred in Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another good one. It is also a dark fantasy film.
Sure! Wicked City is written by Christopher Hitchens and is a Thriller.
Sure. Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
Sure! He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Wilson Rawls also wrote Frankenstein, have you read it?
It was released in 1975
Enjoy!
Enjoy the books
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote Wide Sargasso Sea and Where Rainbows End.
Yes, Nicolas Spark also wrote Under the Never Sky, and A Walk to Remember.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Moby Dick. Have you read or seen that movie?
That's right! It was also released in 1851
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his books are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature and also children's literature.
Yes Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go, Dog, and There's Something About Mary.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller, Mystery, Drama, Sci-Fi genre. Do you like those genres?
Surviving Picasso also starred Michael Fassbender, Smilla's Sense of Snow, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Mario Puzo also wrote The Last Don. Have you read it?
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Danny Boyle wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is starring Bruce Willis.
Certainly, he was in Trance, as well as Snow White and the Huntsman. He was also in The Green Hornet.
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is a Thriller and Drama. The film is a Thriller and Drama.
He starred in Troy, Unstoppable, and The Tree of Life.
Ex-wife Angelina is a movie
Other movies in this genre include World War Z and Welcome to Temptation
Shirley Henderson also starred in that movie
your welcome
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
Sure! Chris Evans starred in Warriors, V for Vendetta, a crime, and The Titan's Curse. This movie was also directed by Peter Mensah.
Happy to help. Enjoy!
Yes, she is a very talented player. Do you like any other sports?
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung
It is a fiction novel released in 1915. Do you like fiction novels?
Zero Dark Thirty is a History/Thriller directed by Mark Boal. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Mike Colter starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance and also in The Hurt Locker.
Yes, Linus Roache is a co-star.
Yes, and it also starred Denzel Washington as well.
Great, enjoy!
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and it is a spy film.
Simón Andreu is the main star. Do you like him?
I'm not sure of the release date for it but it is directed by Robert Wade.
Yes, it was.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux and Zodiac are both Sci-Fi films. Did you know Tom Tykwer also wrote Cloud Atlas?
Charlize Theron starred in Snow White and the Huntsman
You're welcome
My pleasure. Please let me know if you need more recommendations
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Then you'll enjoy it
There's a second one called Inception, which is also a drama.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a science fiction film. Do you like this genre?
Yes, he is a prolific writer. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is another great one. Have you read it?
The Day of the Earth was a book and it was directed by Sacha Baron Cohen. Do you want some other books by him?
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like her books?
Okay, there's The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it appears that it's related to The Diary of Anne Frank, also known as the Anne Frank Story by Anne Frank.
Ok, enjoy the book!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction movies?
He was also in Cloverfield. Would you like to know more about him?
I hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated movie.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the comedy What's Your Number?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Both are good books.
Yes, he directed This Means War and it was released in 2013
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy drama film about football. Kevin Costner is in it.
I don't have access to that information. However, it is a drama/fantasy.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
That's correct! He also used to coach the Chicago Bears.
Have a great day!
I do! She's a very talented athlete.
I love gymnastics especially the US Olympic teams throughout the years
The Washington Nationals. I love American football.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a crime fiction?
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3 and Scream 2
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
The genre is Adventure.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherzz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a romance novel and was released in 2001.
Sure! King Kong Kong is written by Andy Weisz and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts starred in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
It was released in 2002 and also stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
Yes, it has a genre of Comedy and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Tori Amos starred in The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The Five Languages of Apology.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, I can tell you he is a musician and a musician.
Frank Capra wrote, directed, and produced This is the End. He also produced and directed it.
Sure, he is also a producer and a musician. He is also a musician and a musician.
Can you tell me more about Frank Capra?
Did you know Frank Capra also produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a writer and actress. She has starred on Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you'll like that.
I'm sorry I do not have that information
It was released in 1958
Yes, it was written by Marion Wiesel
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale.
It's crime and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Oh it is written by Philip Seymour Hoffman. Would you like to know more about it?
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Did you know that the Raiders are owned by Mark Davis?
I do not know much about tennis, but I do know it is like tennis. Tennis is a lot of sport but it's difficult to keep up with.
Sure! Have you seen the X-Men series? It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Easy is a drama and was released in 2012. If you like drama films I recommend Where You Are.
Sure! She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like like dramas?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I'm sure you will love it.
Enjoy your book.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Steven Soderbergh, and Tom Cruise. Do you like any of them?
He has been in so many films, including The Good German, The Weekend and The Secret Agent.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen. He also directed V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta was released in 1991. It's a science fiction/fantasy film.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
Sure. If you like Gothic fiction you'll like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a good one! Enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World is a novel written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like these genres?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read either of those?
It was released in 2001 and the genre is historical fiction
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is considered a Thriller
No problem
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of these?
That is correct. Leo is also a scientist and a historian!
Yes, it is. The Posthumous Papers of Great Britain was also considered a historical period drama.
Yes, it was written by Sarah Vowell and is a Speculative fiction.
Have a great day
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Longest Yard?
Tom Everett, Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler also starred in that movie.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two great books by him.
Yes, she also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It has genres like The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Casual Vacancy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two speculative fiction books. Is that something you're interested in?
Yes Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a crime and drama film.
Have you seen State of the Union? It is a Crime and Drama film?
You're welcome.
He's a soccer player from the Spanish National team. Do you like soccer?
I am not familiar with the team but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Did you know he was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote Midnight in Paris. Do you like his movies?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, but you should check out Grey's Anatomy as well.
Yes, that is also a Romance Film. You should check it out.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is written by Katherine Paterson. Do you like her books?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction movie. What genre are you looking for?
I'm not sure but she starred in Witches Abroad.
Oh, he's great! Kevin Spacey also starred in Beyond the Sea.
Not alot, I do know that he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you enjoy tennis?
I watch alot of tennis. I don't watch much tennis but I do enjoy watching tennis. Do you watch tennis?
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I heard it is very engaging, based in Switzerland.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Night Watch is also a family novel that is the same genre. Have you read it?
I have not read A Light in The Attic, but I have heard of it.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama and suspense. Do you like these genres?
I recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. X-Men 2 are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Yes! Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Have you seen either of those?
Tom Wilkinson and Evangeline Lilly star in that movie. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but I know it was influenced by Mark Wahlberg, and Emilio Estevez, and Emile Zola.
Did you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
If you like Crime Fiction you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
No problem, enjoy the movie
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one and it is a crime fiction movie
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
Yes he did
Yes, Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Color Purple
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Water-Method Man, and The Fourth Hand
You're welcome
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
No I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Andreu was also a Midfielder, and he is also a musician!
No I don't know who he is. What position does he play for?
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Its a fantasy novel
Glad I could help
I do! It was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you read that one?
The film was produced by Mace Neufeld.
His genre is Indie film and Drama.
Great movie starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a remake of The Social Network starring Jesse Eisenberg.
It actually came out in 2014. Aaron Sorkin is also in The Hummingbird Project.
Glad to be of help
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like Man on Wire or Gross Point Blank.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great, enjoy!
If you really like the genre, you should check out The Road to Eldorado and The Last Olympian.
I did. It was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Morgan Freeman.
He was also in Men in Black 3 and The Holiday.
Yes he is in that and also directed The Ladies Man. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit which is speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
She also wrote Seabiscuit which was released in 2002.
It was written by Markus Zusak and was released in 1982.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the actor Aladdin because it's a family movie?
Aladdin was released in 2003 and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
The Lion King was released in 2013. It's considered a historical period drama.
Sure, I hope you enjoy!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Have you read The Sun Also Rises or The City and the Star?
It was released in 2015. A Farewell to Arms was also released that year.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Did you know he was also a quarterback?
I do like Drake Bell. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Yes, I like Young Buck. What is your favorite comedy?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can find it for you. Can I help you with anything else?
It's a Science Fiction/Fantasy film that was released in 1999. It has a movie starring Mike Colter and Jed Brophy.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1960.
That's a great one! He also wrote Till We Have Faces and The Silver Chair.
Sure, no problem!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
They're a basketball team and they play in Madison Square Garden. Do you like basketball?
Oh no, I haven't. Who else do you like to watch?
That is a great one, especially as well as the Washington Redskins and the Seattle Seahawks.
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
The first book was published in 1982. Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome.
Glad to help.
Are you referring to James Dashner or the author?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that one?
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense film.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. Are you a soccer fan?
Oh yes, you are correct! He is from Germany. Do you follow international sports?
Yes, it was a good one for you.
Yes, I would have to agree. He has a good stats and he is also a midfielder.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp and Rango. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, it is considered a war film and a drama. Do you like war films?
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
The genre is Thriller
Yes. The Prestige is directed by Christopher Nolan
Memento stars Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, and Hugh Jackman
He has starred in many excellent movies including Unstoppable and The Dark Knight
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It sure is. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is considered a fantasy as well.
Have you heard of The Secret Life of Bees? It is also a Speculative fiction.
Yes, she is the author of both The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Sea of Monsters.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Enjoy!
Kate Winslet is a science fiction movie starring Michael Caine and Thomas Lennon.
That was released in 1850 and is a Romance/Comedy/drama.
It is a romance and drama film.
X-Men 2 and Shark Night are a couple good thriller movies.
No, but the movie is starring Kate Winslet.
WALLE is a great children's movie. It stars Zach Galifianakis and Robert Davi. Do you like children's movies?
He also wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure! X-Men is an action movie and it stars Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes! State of the Union is a sci-fi movie.
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine, both great films.
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre
If you like this genre, you'll like Wicked Lovely and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Have you read these?
Yes, it was also turned into a movie and it's considered children's literature.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's children's literature. It's considered children's literature.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but what can I tell you about it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Brad Pitt.
Enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
Yes, I do. I love football. How about you?
Well I don't follow soccer all that much but I do know he's from Germany.
He has starred in several movies such as; The Panic in Needle Park, The Stuff, and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read it?
This Is England, Parts One is a fiction/fantasy book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he starred in both of the Harry Potter movies and he's starred in both.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is Fiction and the genre is fiction.
I'm sorry I don't have information about it but I can tell you that she co-wrote China Dolls.
You're welcome.
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Okay, you might also enjoy Grindhouse by Rob Zombie.
It stars Robert De Niro and it is a Crime, and was released in 1994.
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson has written many books including The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by Mind.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/fantasy book released in 2005.
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter and musician. I love his music. Have you seen it?
Wicked is a Thriller and Drama. It's also a movie starring Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote that and it has a genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you know that he's a writer? He wrote The City and the Stars.
Great, enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I don't know much about Jordan, but I do know he was in Space Jam. Do you like him?
Ghostbusters is a great movie. Do you want me to play it for you?
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was also the writer of Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with William Peterson and Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Yes, and Vin Diesel also starred in Fast and the Furious.
That is a great film. He also starred in Apart from The Chronicles of Riddick and The Fast and the Furious.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes he did and he also starred in Ghostbusters II
Yes, its a very good movie
Me too, they're in the National Football League and within the National Football Conference.
I do not watch much football but I do know that Eli Manning is the owner of the New York Giants. I'm not a huge fan of football but I do know that they're in the NFC South division.
I agree. I'd like to watch the Seattle Seahawks and the Giants.
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, isn't it? It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime movies?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There is! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
Robert Zemeckis wrote it. It's a great war movie.
Yes it is. It's a great war movie. If you like war movies, I suggest a movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Great. I'm glad I could help.
Yes she has wrote many books such as Where you Are and Easy. Would you like to know more of her books?
Where You Are was released in 2011.
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Have you seen it?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
OK. Have you seen The Queen's Fool? It's a horror film.
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like any other actors?
Collateral Damage was written by Richard Condon. He is a journalist and author.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I sure do! He starred in Witless Protection and Two if by Sea
Yes, it is also a crime movie. Do you like action movies?
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and White House Down
You are welcome, goodbye.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I know he's a great actor. I can't remember when he was in the movies.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read either of these?
Crescendo is also considered a young adult novel. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She also wrote Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books
It is a fiction novel released in 2005
Enjoy
Sure! John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes he did. It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes! Do you like self-help books?
Rhonda Byrne was also a writer and she also wrote The Secret. Have you read that one?
He wrote mostly fiction. If you like fiction you might like Treasure Planet if you like fiction.
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Your Friend the Rat is a animated film and was directed by Patton Oswalt. It was released in 2007.
I don't have information on that, but I can tell you it is a cartoon. He also directed Ratatouille.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Spike Jonze. Do you like this author?
I recommend The Breakfast Club. Have you seen it?
Yes it does! I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice was written by Frank McCourt and starred Tom Hanks.
Sure! Don't you agree?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Absolutely! Lisa Genova is also a writer and an actress.
Sure! He wrote the books, The Twilight Series, which is a mystery/fantasy book. He also wrote the first book The Little Prince.
Yes, they adapted it into a film and produced by Mark Haddon.
Yes he did and it was directed by Mark Gordon.
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Have you seen either of those?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it's a comedy-drama and also a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by the same man.
If you like crime fiction you might like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Colin Farrell stars in it. It's a crime fiction film.
You're welcome.
Yes! He starred in the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and the Brothers Grimm. Are you a fan of sci-fi films?
The Order was released in 2003 starring Sigourney Weaver, and Jeremy Renner to name a few
Harrison Ford, Scarlett Johansson and Phyllida Law were both in it
You're welcome.
Yes, The Blind Side is a great romantic comedy starring Will Smith.
I don't have access to that information but I can tell you the movie is based on Drama. The movie is based on the book.
Moneyball is produced by Mark Burnett and is a comedy film.
City of ashed is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Then you'll like The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Ashes; City of Glass. Cassandra Clare is also a film adaptation.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex. They are both fantasy books.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed Children's Literature and Speculative fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I can't find any information on the genre for that, but if you like fantasy you might enjoy The Lord of the Rings series.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mere Christianity the novel was written by C.S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Sun Also Rises, and many more. Have you read any of those ?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Not really, I don't know much about him.
Yes he is! He is a great player, he's from Liverpool.
I do not know if he has starred in any songs, but I do know he is also a musician and a musician.
Great Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 2011.
Sure, will do you like it?
Yes, I do! I love Rihanna's music. She's pretty cool. Did you know she was a designer as well?
That's a good one. Did you know she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie. It is a science fiction film.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure. Marc Forester starred in White House Down and The Proposal. Have you seen either of those?
The movie is a science fiction thriller. It also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I hope you enjoy them
It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Well, it is a war and fantasy novel. If you haven't read it, you should enjoy A Walk to Remember.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine a psychological thriller starring Paul Dano.
Yes, John Green also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. He is a great actor.
No, but Jonathan Dalton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
It's not quite familiar with her but I think she has a bit of talent in it. She has a bit of talent in her films.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a good book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, there are several. Two by Two is True Believer and The Wedding.
Yes, it was adapted into a teen drama. Do you like that genre?
Good Will Hunting is a good one. It is also a teen drama and was released in 2007.
The Matrix Revolution is produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you he starred in The Man of Steel.
Yes, Laurence Fishburne starred in The Crimes of Grindelwald and Mystic River.
Tim Robbins was directed and produced Mystic River.
Youre welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. But I prefer The Expendables 2
I don't think he has any recent movies
Enjoy
I hope you enjoy it.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't seen that one. But I heard it was a good read.
Sure. Emmerich also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama and was released in 1937.
Jamaica Inn was released in 1937.
Glad to be of help!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I do love that football team. Where is it from?
David Thornton is my favorite player. How do you feel about him?
He is a great coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
That is true, do you think it's going to be a good one?
I am! Did you know he dated or seen him in the movie Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy and also a comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Kevin Costner, Jessica Biel and Jeff Bridges just to name a few. Have you seen it ?
Yes, she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
American Idol has genre Comedy. Do you enjoy this genre?
Yes, Jerry Maguire starred in it. It was a good host.
Yes, The Girl Next Door is also a good one. It was good written by her.
Do you like Joseph Sikora because it is an adventure or a sci-fi movie?
Sure. The Watcher is a thriller and The Dark Knight Rises. Are you looking for a specific genre?
You're right! Leonardo Dicaprio is also in the Thriller, which is another Thriller.
Glad to help!
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Would you like to know some other poets from Frances Mayes, I know that he is also a poet?
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I do, Emily St. John Mandel wrote it. It was released the same year as Wicked.
Yes, Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Romance novel
You should check out Z for Zachariah
It was written by Tani Morrison
You are welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Other movies in the series are Windtalkers, Unstoppable and Shark Night.
Michael Biehl, Peter Scolari and Al Pacino star in the movie
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior's Way, a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, Katherine Neville was in it. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you want to see more of his works?
Well, it's a drama that was released in 2012 and is also a play written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Dramas?
Unfortunately, I don't have anymore info on Harald Kloser, but I can tell you more about it.
You are very welcome!
He is a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a Romance. Did you know it was also a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. I'll play it for you now.
Yes, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes.
It also starred Sarah Polley and was released in 1997.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
He also wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass.
Yes, but I haven't seen Lady in the Water. Chris Moore also directed it.
Yes, he directed both The Godfather and The Colditz Story. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! The Nightingale is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, she also wrote A Christmas Carol and The Nightingale. Have you read either of these?
Sure! It was released in 2011 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not a huge fan of him but I did see him in Expendables 2 he was also in The Expendables 2.
I think he was also in The expendables 2 and did you know that Novak Djokovic was from London?
Sure, have a good day.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he did. It is a very good movie and it stars Frank Welker. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a Romance movie. Do you like romance movies?
Yes, they were both released that year and The Lorax was released.
Yes they both are and it was also written by Theodore Lesieg and is also a Children's literature
Happy to help!
Yes, it starred Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. It is a drama, do you like the actors or the genre?
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
If you like Tiago Riani, you should also stared in The Longest Ride.
Yes it is a Romance, comedy, and a romance. I think you'll enjoy it
No I haven't seen Faster. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
I would highly recommend. They are a great team, though. They're currently in the NFC and in the National Football League.
Well, from what I've heard, it was very entertaining live-action movies. Have you ever seen him play the Lakers?
Yes, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII!
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but he wrote рат и овести, рат рат арамаов.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic and Titan A.E? They are both Romance.
Tuck Everlasting is by Sarah Silverman. Do you like her work?
Sure, I'm glad to help.
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
Me too! Did you know that Pete Rozelle is the owner of the Redskins?
Oh wow! That's a good one. I did not know that. What sport do you like?
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
The Secret Life from Dear Sugar is also a book by Cheryl Strayed. Have you read it?
Your welcome.
Sure, it was written by the great by J.K. Rowling. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It's a mystery novel. It was released in 2014.
Glad to help!
I do! Did you know he starred in The Pacifier?
Yes it is! It is also on Comedy Central. Have you seen it?
Yeah he did. He also starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Little House on the Prairie is a Historical fiction book. Do you like stories about history?
Yes, there is another book in the series called Little House on the Prairie
Yes. Little House on the Prairie is a Children's literature . Do you like that genre?
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No I didn't know that. What is that about?
I didn't know that. That's not bad, but I did know that she lost to Venus but did not know that.
The Lost Symbol is a classic written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
That is correct! Tom Hanks wrote and starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he did and the Inferno was also written by Dan Brown.
He directed Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Good choice! You may like The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes! X-Men: Days of Future Past is one of my favorite movies. Do you like sci-fi movies?
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men?
Sure, I'd recommend X-Men: First Class and Vanilla Sky.
Well Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Tim Dolin was the author of Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891. It is a great book.
He also wrote The Sense of Sex and the City.
Rick Yancey also wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
He has written many books including Seven Pounds, The Shadow Rising and The Titan's Curse.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
Yes! Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What else can I answer for you today?
Thomas Lennon was also in Paper Town and Death Proof. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy them.
It is a great drama. Do you like it because it is a mystery?
Ok, then you'll like World Without End if you like romance.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and William H. Macy.
You're welcome.
Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Would you like to read it for you?
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is a movie. Cornelia Funke also wrote Inkheart which is a movie.
You are welcome.
Have you seen other movies in the series?
It's a science fiction movie with a mystery and a romance.
No problem.
Yes, he was the author of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a Fiction and Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Happy to help!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni is both an athlete and a actor, he starred in Hook Ya Crook
That is the same type of sport, I think a great sport to play from what I've read about it. I really enjoyed it.
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
The Last Runaway was released in 1997 and is a mystery genre.
You are welcome.
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
If you like children's literature, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on that.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are and David Platt is the coach. Do you like football?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in Breathing Lessons
Yes, Robert Downey Jr and Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3
Sure, have a great day!
Howls Moving Castle is starring Diana Wynne Jones, and it is a Romance film. Do you like romance movies?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman. Have you read any of them?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? He produced that.
Have you seen The Wolverine? It's also an action movie.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Pillars of the Earth if you haven't seen it.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it starred Scott Glenn and Morgan Freeman.
It was released in 2015. That's the same year Girls in Love was released.
In fact, he wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Cold Blood is a Drama and Crime Fiction novel.
Sure! Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
It's a great movie! It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Michelle Pfeiffer.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Goonies.
Happy to help!
Sure. Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classics, The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read this one?
Yes, it's a vampire, and also a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
Oh, yes. If you like Stephanie Meyer, she has a few books. Two of my favorites are Unforgettable Lady and The Chemist.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it
Sure, it's a psychological thriller released in 2015 starring Christian Bale. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Lettis. Do you like the author or genre?
Yes, it is a fictional novel by Francis Ford Coppola.
Glad to be of service
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays golf and he was born in Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't like Golf either. I know Adam Sandler is from Murrieta, and he is also from Murrieta.
Julie Bowen has been a star in a lot of movies. I think I'll have to check it out soon.
Sure! She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were also in it.
It is a Fantasy, Sci-Fi, and Adventure film. Do you like those genres?
The 5th Wave is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Sure! The Last one released in 2016 was released in 2016 as well. Have you seen it?
I also like science fiction books.
Sure! You may want to check out The Last Star or The Infinite Sea.
No problem, enjoy!
She's talented I like her better than Miley Cyrus and her son Dear John was good
She has a good voice. Did you know she was also in Valentine's Day? She did star in that one.
Yes she was, did you know she was also in Valentine's Day with Joseph Gordon-Levitt?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of them?
No I haven't. Can you tell me more about it?
Yes. If you like comedy movies, I would recommend Divergent.
Excellent. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too, did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
Yes, isn't he on that team too?
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen
Yes, he was. He was also in a Star Wars movie
He also starred in the XXX he was also in
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure, Grown up and it was released in 2010
Yes he did and it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Enjoy!
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national team.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 2000 and was also released in French
Yes, it was. Another good one for you is Notre Dame.
Great, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins.
I don't know much about her. But I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. How about you?
Yea, he's pretty cool. Do you have any favorite songs from him?
Yea, he's also done a lot of electronic dance music. Do you like this type of music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Did you see either of those?
The first one is Tom and Paul, it is a drama.
Sure. Peter and Paul also have starred Two for the Money and Son of Neptune.
I hope you enjoy it.
I do not know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
They are ok, I did not know that. Who is their coach now?
I do not know much about them, but I do know they're coached by Jim Caldwell
I do! Isaiah Thomas was a professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Do you like basketball?
Oh, I didn't know that. Who is he with?
Space Jam was a great one! I liked Space Jam as well!
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
Enjoy!
She is a tennis player from Romania. Are you a fan of tennis or of hers?
I do not know much about Serena Williams, but I do know that they do win a lot of matches.
Yes, but not sure of Maria Sharapova. I think she lost to Serena a lot of matches.
I don't really follow football much but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
You'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but Jim Caldwell also coached the Denver Broncos.
It was a pretty good game, but the team was runner ups in Super Bowl XLI
Yes, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
That book was released in 1886.
It was a thriller and was released in 1886.
Winter's Bone and The Game of Thrones are both psychological thrillers.
Emma Thompson starred in Twilight Eyes. It's a good one.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that I'll order it.
Yes, there is a movie based on J.K. Rowling's work, including Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes it was written by J.K. Rowling, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like fantasy-action movies?
Yes he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by E.B. Blanchard and was released in 1981.
Sure, it was released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Yes, it was written by Fountainhead. Are you a fan of the author?
Yes, she did write We the Living. Did you know she also wrote We the Living?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are both horror. Do you like horror genres?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. It was released in 1897.
He starred in The Girl Next Door and was also a writer
Sure! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun which was released in 2002.
Yes, it's genre is romance and drama. Do you like these genres?
No problem, I am glad that I could help.
Do you like the movie because it is a romance or drama?
Yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman
Welcome
Certainly, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall?
I have not seen it, but I know it starred Al Pacino, and was a great comedy.
Great! I think it also stars Kevin Spacey.
I don't have that information but I know it was influenced by Al Pacino.
Tom Cruise also starred in it. It's a good movie.
No problem!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is considered a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Romeo and Juliet?
It is written in Romanian, but it is also considered a tragedy.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
He was also in The Terminator and The Order.
Sure! Lionheart is written by James Dashner and also stars Bill Murray and Ramona Ryder.
Woody Harrelson starred in Lionheart. He also starred in Toy Story 3.
Oliver Platt also starred in Lionheart
ok
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was a psychological thriller and was released in 1999 by Martin McDonagh.
Seven Psychopaths is considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
Yes, James Harden is a great shooting guard, but he's won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I watch a few games. I am not a big fan of basketball but I do know that Jim Caldwell is the current shooting guard for Houston. How about you?
Wilson Chandler that was a great shooting guard, I know? I haven't seen it before.
Would you be interested in other books written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he did. It's a great series. It also stars Anastasia Krupnik.
I don't have any suggestions for horror films but I can suggest some other horror films he wrote if you like horror.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Witch & Wizard and When You Reach Me. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, it is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2012.
Antoine Fuqua directed Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Olympus fallsen. He is also a great actor.
Yes. Danny Lerner also produced The Last Olympian starring David Schwimmer.
Robert De Niro was also a writer for Olympus.
Yes, I do. Did you know he's friends with Cameron Diaz?
It was a good movie. He was also in No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
He is. My favorite celebrity friends with Will Smith are Zathura: A Space Adventure.
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and it is fiction and was released in 1960.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey and The Confusion. Have you read either of these?
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, they both are written by her.
Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan but I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner
That's right, he did own the team.
It seems that they have a combination of Paranormal romance and tennis
Oh yes, it was a deadly heart attack.
Yes, I know he is a Country Pop composer/fantasy. I am not familiar with his music.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
Oh wow, I missed that one. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What do you think of it?
Oh. Yes it was a great place to start. Yes it was a great place to start.
Yes, it is a good one, it was written by Paulo Coelho
Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction book written by Stan Lee. Do you like science fiction books
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it is. This is also a film starring Maggie Smith
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It has genre Young-adult fiction
Yes, Gillian wrote Sharp Objects. Gone Girl is another good mystery mystery book
your welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is very good!
Okay, have you heard of Wolverine? It is a good one.
It was published in 1960. Would you like to read it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Did you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Then you might like Zombieland - it is also a family comedy.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yes I do. It was written by Robert Jordan and is a children's literature. Do you like those genres?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz. Have you seen it yet?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure! It was released in 2008 and directed by David Ayer. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Enjoy!
Yes, I do. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, but I have heard of At the Water's Edge. Have you read it?
No, I haven't heard of it.
I will have to check it out.
I will do that
Have a great day
Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you read it?
Yes, I would recommend Beautiful Oblivion which was also written by Jamie McGuire.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Reservoir Dogs.
She was in Walk the Line which is a biopic about Johnny Cash, as well as Self/less and After.
Thomas Lennon was also in that movie
She also starred in Patriot Games, have you seen it?
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Shadow Rising and The Shining. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about them. Is that a sport team?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of Lakers?
He wrote a few books like Zodiac, The Good Girl, The Day After Tomorrow. Have you heard of any of those?
Zodiac was released in 1990 and is an action film.
It also stars Michael Rispoli and Michael Pena.
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction
Well, you may like the Harry Potters and the Prisoner of Azkaban, or the Order of the Phoenix, also written by Norton Juster.
Yes, it is. It's part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes! She wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The genre of this book is Fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Philip Pullman. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Glad to help!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and Wag the Dog. Have you seen them?
That is also a film. It also stars Josh Brolin. It is a romantic comedy.
It is a drama film.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! One that comes to mind is The Subtle Knife. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Glad to help!
Yes, I did. O Brother, Where Art Thou is a great movie. It is a Thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski, The Long Walk, and The Road to El Dorado.
O Brother, Where Art Thou was released?
You're welcome!
He was also in Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several things like The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
It was released in 2003.
Yes! Wicked Appetite is also by Janet Evanovich.
Yes! He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest to name a few.
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen that one?
Did you like the movie because it was starring Leo Tolstoy?
Did you know Mark Wahlberg also starred in Ocean's Eleven?
It also starred Olympus Has Fallen and he is a great actress
They have been in a number of things, including The Wizard of Oz and The Glass Men.
Yes, they both starred and were written by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Steven D. Levitt and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is published in 1950.
Sure! He directed District 9, a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Yes, it's a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes! She is. She also starred in House Bunny.
Youre welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! She was a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you like her music?
I do not have any other songs from her. However, I have to agree, she is a talented singer.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national team. Do you like soccer?
You know, I don't have that information. But I believe he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Sure. Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander 2 then.
Jim Carrey also starred in There's Something About Mary.
Glad to be of service
Yes he plays basketball for the Chicago Bulls and is from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure. But he's a basketball player with the Chicago Bulls. Do you like basketball?
Well, basketball is a great sport to watch. Who do you like to watch?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Fiction as well.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twitts, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twitts, The Witches and The BFG.
It's a good read, I think you'll enjoy it!
It was released in 2007 and is also a movie.
No problem.
This book was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, John Green also wrote Paper Town and Looking for Alaska.
Absolutely. Have a great day.
Sure. If you like Firm, you'll like The Ashes to Ashes and The Firm.
It is a Juror. If you like that genre, it's a very good read.
You are welcome!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know about other books released that year?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're very welcome!
I know that he wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
Enjoy!
OK, no problem!
Sure. She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford.
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Yes, she was. That's a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it too.
The Horse Whisperer is a crime and drama film.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames, Santaland Diaries and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2008. He also wrote Flames!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I did, but I'm not sure about that, did you know she starred in Hair Show?
That is definitely a Woman, a Woman, it is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman is a Woman.
Robin starred in the movies The Matrix Revolutions and In the Dark City. Have you seen either of those?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred Robert De Niro? He also starred in another comedy movie.
Yes, Lelie Dixon also starred in The Stand along side Meryl Streep. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Matt Damon starred in the Bourne Identity. Do you like it because it's a crime fiction film?
Yes, he did. Jeff Bridges and Jason Bateman star in that movie.
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons
The Crucible was released in 1953 and is a drama/fantasy. It was also produced by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes. How To Kill a Mockingbird and The Time Traveler's Wife are some good ones. Have you seen them?
Yes, it is written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like his work?
You're welcome.
I think he is a really good basketball player, he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2012.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. I think he plays point guard right?
There are a couple different basketball team that are about basketball. One is Space Jam.
He is a Point Guard, and a Point Guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
It is a psychological thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, which is Science Fiction. Have you read it?
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant.
Well, it is a war film and a historical period drama. I think you would enjoy it.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama.
Yes, Nancy Allen starred in that movie.
You are welcome!
Yes, he's a great singer and also a musician. He was one of the judges on The Voice. Did you know he was also a musician?
Andy Tennant starred in The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen either of those?
Fool's Gold is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes he did. He was also in Fool's Gold.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He starred in The Maze Runner and The Zero Effect. Have you seen either of those?
Seventh Son, A Butterfly Effect are some of his works
your welcome
Yes, that is a good one
Sure, If you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Apocalypse
Enjoy!
I know that Luis Suarez is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team, but I don't know much about him.
Yes he did. Liverpool is also a football team. Do you like football?
Yes I agree he is a good player too. Did you know he is from Uruguay?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films?
That is correct. Did you know the next book was also the Harry Potter series?
That's right. J.K. Rowling is the author of the series.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Bridget Moynahan and Rosario Dawson.
No problem. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005 and is a History film.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more about this book?
That is a great story. If you enjoyed it, you should try The Brethren.
It is a drama released in 1945. It is also a play written by Kylie Scott.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and in The Hangover.
It stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Neverwhere. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know it competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I'm not quite sure about that, but I do know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
No I do not but I know it was the same year that the Olympic games came out.
Did you know they were owned by Bill Neukom. They did win the World Series in 2012.
Yes, I do like them. What is your favorite team?
I do not know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Tomlin
Yes, it is a team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
Hmm, I'm not sure what you mean, but it was a good movie for children.
Oh, yes. How do you feel about Horse and His Boy?
You're very welcome.
Sure, she wrote In Her Shoes a romance story. Do you like romance novels?
You might have heard of Zathura: A Space Adventure. She starred in that one too.
Okay, I think you would enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. It is a romance movie.
Me too!
Great, have a nice day!
Thank you
Yes, the author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
If you like that genre, you'll like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt. It's a thriller.
Worth Dying For was written by John Scalzi. It's also a film and was released in 2008.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel by Jane Austen.
Certainly! It's a good one. It is a comedy-drama, starring Emma Thompson and Jane Austen.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you looking for something with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of hers?
Ooh, have you seen The Giver or The Lorax?
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal which is a great movie.
Yes, she was also in Valentine's Day with Sandra Bullock.
The Proposal has genre Thriller and Drama.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you read that one yet?
They Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy.
Yes, she also wrote The Mystery of the Blue Train and The Secret Adversary.
Yes, I love her. Helen hMcCrory is a great actress. Have you seen her movies?
Yes, it is a historical period drama. It also stars Benedict Cumberbatch as well.
I see. Both Ralph Fiennes and Mirna Richardson have been in all of the movies.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a Thriller and Drama. Would you like to know more about it?
Well, you might like the War film Zero Dark Thirty or The Shining.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Jada Pinkett Smith and stars Jada Pinkett Smith.
It is a historical period drama. He was also the director of Madagascar.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Modern Prometheus. Have you seen either of those?
Well, The Worlds End is a Science Fiction Action film starring Christian Bale. Do you like science fiction?
Yes! It was directed by Edgar Wright if you haven't seen it.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Did you know that he's a basketball player from Oklahoma?
Yes, he is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks and won the PGA Championship in 2012.
Yes, he is a point guard and play for the Oklahoma City Cheifs.
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year
I don't know much about him either. I know he is from London. I don't really follow tennis. How about you?
I didn't know that! That's a great tennis player.
Ah, I did not know that. I would have never heard of that. Did you know he is also a scientist?
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes I am. Do you want to know more about Walt Whitman?
It is considered children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
Sure. He starred in The Skulls with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious starring Paul Walker
Yes I love The Skulls with Hill Harper. He also directed Moneyball.
Yes, he was in Fast & Furious as well. Paul Walker was also in The Skulls with Hill Harper
I don't have that information but I do know he passed away in 2008
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information on one of these?
Yes, it's a great comedy.
You are welcome.
Yeah I think I heard of him he plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
Sure! Fannie Flagg wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Polar Express. They are children's literature. Do either of those interest you?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy.
I do not know of any other psychological thrillers, but I know it is written by Fannie Flagg.
Sure, no problem!
Cool! Toy Story 3 was written by Lee Unkrich and starred in Toy Story 3.
It is, Andy grew up there. He's a great actor. Have you seen the other movies?
Yes, Toy Story is an American book written by Lee Unkrich and John Lassister
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Christopher Nolan?
Sounds like you might like Catch-22 with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Vanilla stars Charlize Theron and Jason Kravitz. It's a good psychological thriller.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
Yes, it is! It was released in 1966 and is also a film adaptation.
Happy to help!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young adult fiction book.
Sure! He wrote Vespers Rising and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like more information about that?
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. I do not follow soccer that much.
Did you know Mesut Ozil also plays for Bayern Munich?
I can't think of any other players on that team, but I know he's a German soccer player.
i love Alex Morgan. who is your fav player?
oh ok well I'm not much of a soccer fan myself. What is your fav player?
I agree! I love animated movies like Wildcats!
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Children's Literature
Yes, she is. It's a teen drama based on a true story.
Great. Glad I could help
I did not know that. Is it a Crime Fiction?
Yes that's right. The Family Man is also a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes that's great! I can also recommend Without Fail starring Kate Walsh.
I'll add it now.
Enjoy!
The Grapes of Wrath is a children's literature. Do you like John Steinbeck?
It is fiction/fantasy
The Grapes of Wrath is a Historical novel by John Scalzi.
I know that Chelsea is married to Eyre Crowe, have you seen it?
I actually don't have more information on the team, but I do know that the team is owned by Thomas Hardy.
I do not know much about it, but I do know that the team is coached by John York.
Certainly! They play in London as well.
They're good. Pete Carrol coaches them. I'm a big fan of his.
Yes! Michael Heimer wrote Der Tod in Venedig and Das Parfum
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it was also released in 2009 and also stars Samuel L. Jackson
Absolutely, Enjoy!
It's a crime movie with Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Aside from David Fincher, it's a crime Thriller and also stars Anthony Edwards. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you haven't seen Iron Man, I'll add that to my list.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the X-Men series as well as Superman Returns. Have you seen them?
Sure. Bryan Singer starred in the film X-Men 2 along side Sarah Silverman.
Yes, it is a Thriller, as well as Thriller and Thriller.
I like Superhero thrillers, have you seen Shark Night?
You are welcome!
Unbreakable is an action thriller. It also starred James Franco. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was also in Unbreakable and The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen them?
You got it, I will add both to your list.
Enjoy!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is written by William Nicholson, it is an adventure film.
Enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
Have you read Two by Two?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Speculative fiction.
Do you need any other recommendations?
Sure, do you like the movie because Mathew McConaughey and Leonardo DiCaprio?
It was released in 1999 and is also a film adaptation.
Enjoy the books!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It was also a Historical novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Callum Rennie is in eXistenZ and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
Yes, it does sound like a comedy too. Do you like comedies?
Sure! The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by George R.R. Martin and is a children's literature. Do you enjoy children's books?
Glad I could help!
Gillian Flynn, the author of Dark Places, also wrote Shadow Kiss and Dark Places.
Yes, The Scar is written by Rebecca Stead. It's fiction and was released in 2000.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like Thrillers?
He also directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know he is also a director?
The King is a drama and action film released in 1999. The genre is Thriller
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to see more of his movies?
He was in Angels & Demons and The Ice Harvest.
He was in The Wool Cap and Wag the Dog. Have you seen them?
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014.
Brave was directed by Steve Purcell, and it's an Adventure movie. Do you like Adventure movies?
The Edge is also a good one with Leonardo DiCaprio. My favorite is Toy Story 2.
Glad I could help.
I know he's a soccer player, he's from Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Rio de Janeiro, is that right?
Yes and Luis Fabiano is also on the team
Yes he is a great author he wrote The Bourne Identity. Have you read that?
Yes. Have you seen The Shadows? It's a drama.
That one stars Kate Winslet and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Sure thing!
I'm not very familiar with cricket, but I know Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians
I don't know much about it, but I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays cricket
It seems like they are playing well this year in different countries. However, it tends to be difficult for me.
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was released in 1985. The same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
It was released in 1981.
No problem. I am happy to help.
Yes, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, he was in Wilde and Chain Reaction. Have you seen those?
Since you like comedies, you might want to check out Happily Ever After. It's also a Comedy.
You should check out Zoolander if you haven't seen it
Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson. Would you like to know more about him?
Wither is a Sci-Fi novel. Would you like to know about other books in that genre?
Yes, Lauren DeVito was influenced by Stephen R. Covey and Stephen R. Covey.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, it was also written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear other books by him?
That book was also turned into a movie. It was directed by Nicholas Sparks.
It is a crime and drama. It was released in 2011.
No problem!
Dave Davenport is a great cowboys fan. They are a great team in the NFL.
He's pretty good, but I don't know much about the Cowboys. Did you know they were the runner-up in the Superbowl?
Yeah they both were. How do they feel about them?
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
Yes, and it's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Did you know Danny Boyle also wrote The Bourne Supremacy, and You've Got Mail?
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman. Would you be interested in more books written by the same author?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
No, but I've heard a lot about Zlatan Ibrahimovi. He's a Swedish professional footballer and a forward.
Yes, Venus and Serena is a tennis player from India.
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
Bahati Prinslooo is a romantic drama. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it also has a very few names like Toni Morrison and Will Ferrell. Do you like them?
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
Nicolas Cage is a thriller, while he stars in a thriller called Lord of War.
It was released in 2014.
Nicolas Cage starred in a thriller called Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a thriller and Nicolas Cage is also in Lord of War.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and a thriller.
Glad to help
No, I haven't heard his music. I know that he is very talented, he is very talented!
I haven't heard of him. I have heard of him he is a good judge.
That's very cool. I like Padma Shri. Have you ever heard of him?
The Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama film starring Denzel Washington. Have you ever seen it?
You should check out To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate if you haven't seen them.
It was also a Mystery and a thriller, and it was directed by David Mitchell.
Glad to help. Enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith?
Do you like Liam Neeson because it is an action movie?
Sure. Schindler's List is also a historical drama. It also stars Tom Cruise and Patrick Wilson.
Enjoy
Yes, The Great Gatsby was written by Scott Westerfeld.
I'm sorry I do not have any other information on that.
The Golden Compass is a good one.
Have a nice day.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature. It is also classified as speculative fiction and children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! El juego del angel was released in 1982 and is a children's literature. Would you like to read it?
That's right! Would you like to know more about this?
Sure, enjoy!
Of course, she is an actress who starred in Men in Black 3.
It was released in 2010
I do not know, but Lady Gaga starred in TV shows as well.
Pride and Prejudice is her real name. Do you know her real name?
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I know he was born in San Francisco. Do you think he was a good QB?
That's amazing. i hope you have a good day
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young adult fiction. Have you read this one?
Yes, Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely are both young adult fiction.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
Other books in this genre include Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Do you like her work?
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more about any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen them?
Great. Christopher Bigsby is also a director. Some of his other works are To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
There are several films he wrote such as Ashes to Ashes and The Green Hornet. Would you like to know more about those?
It also stars Sylvester Streep and Mike Colter. It's a Thriller.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino
Sure! It was released in 2006 and is a drama/fantasy and was directed by Roger Avary.
He is also a writer and a screenwriter. He has written several books including The Ninth Gate, The Butterfly Effect, and The Painted Veil.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that was also a good horror movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you read either of those?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
That's a great film!
Yes I do. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I don't really know any of her music. I do like dance music. I think she has a bit of something. She does tend to do too.
I'm not sure, but it's been a while since I've seen her performs. I agree with you.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome and The First Man in Rome was released in 1977.
The House is another great drama book, have you read it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to a Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1988
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was directed by Frank Darabont
enjoy
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets the next book in J.K. Rowling's series?
Have you read the whole Harry Potter series? I would recommend that one.
Enjoy!
Yes, Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1937.
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
Yes, The Muse was released in 2010 and is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like Romance movies?
Not really, but I think you should check it out it and it also starred Joe Pesci. It is a great Comedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it and enjoy!
Yes, I can. Despicable me 2 was released in 2010 and stars Steve Carell. Do you like them?
Great. Do you like Steve Carell? He stars in a few comedy movies.
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is also in Red Dragon, which is a great movie!
Wilson Rawls wrote a series called Things Fall Apart. Did you know he is also a teacher?
Susan Meissner wrote The Sands of Time, a mystery novel. Have you read it?
Enjoy!
Great, you're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Well, they're a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Tom Brady and Patriots also lost to the Patriots.
That's a great one! He was married to Gisele Bundchen.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might enjoy Captain America: The Dark Knight or Captain America: Winter Soldier.
I have The Time Traveler's Wife and The Incredible Hulk.
If you haven't seen The Postman, I think you will enjoy X-Men 2.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
enjoy your movie.
Pearl Harbor was a War film and it was starring James Franco. Do you like the movies?
Have you seen Pearl Harbor? It stars Jennifer Garner
Yes,It is written by steve Kloves
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix called The Legend of Tarzan.
Gremlins is the author and he also wrote Valkyrie.
No problem and enjoy it!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't really follow basketball, but I do know that he's a really good player for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure, but it does star Steve James. It's a great basketball movie.
Yes! That's my favorite movie. I haven't seen it yet. I have never seen it yet.
Sure, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a science, similar to The Immortal Life.
You're welcome,
The Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
Yes the Packer is a team, and the coach is Andy Reid. Do you know any other sports besides football?
I like hockey and baseball. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it was written by Robert Duvall and also stars Todd Allen and Miranda Richardson.
Enjoy!
Yes! He is also an athlete. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes he did. He was also a musician and a model.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was also a director as well. He was in Starship Troopers as well.
Total Recall is an adventure movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
If you liked Philip K. Dick also wrote The Matrix Revolutions. I would suggest that one as well.
Robert De Niro is the lead actor. It is a great science fiction movie.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Did you know he was from Dallas? I do not follow much football, but I do know he is also a teacher.
Oh yes, I love that movie. Wesley Snipes is a great star and stars in it also. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it was written by Paulo Coelho and is a paranormal romance, young adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2012 by Richelle Mead
No but I know Spirit Bound is part of the Vampire Academy series
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
The genre is fiction and young adult fiction.
Sure, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a great book. It was written by Stieg Larsson.
Yes. He also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Are you a fan of children's literature?
Another children's book is The Invisible Man. Have you read that one?
Yes, White Fang was written by Khaled Hosseini.
Yes. He also wrote The Great Place Beyond The Pines to name a few.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Winslet.
Glad to help!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either but I do know that Mike McCarthy owns the team
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers
Yes she has written The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
If you like horror you might want to try The Swan Thieves by Elizabeth Kotova.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Emile Zola. Can I help you with anything else?
You are most welcome.
Have you read A Little Princess? It's a great book.
Yes, the book is in the same genre, and was released in 1982.
Yes, it is. It is also a part of the speculative fiction series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
My favorite player is Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
That's a good one. But, I don't know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
That is true. The Greek Freaks were a good team as well!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes, he did. Wonder Boys was a great one.
Yes, Linkin Park is still a film. Do you like their music?
Sure, are you a fan of the author, J.R.R. Tolkien or the genre is speculative fiction?
Have you seen the X-Men series? They are both science fiction.
The Road was written by Nora Ephron who wrote The Road.
He wrote mostly science fiction books.
He does! He wrote a few science fiction books as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Did you know Larry Crowne also starred Tom Hanks and Charlize Theron?
There are no other dramas in that genre. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Yes she is. She also won an MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, I do. I also like animated shows like Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was. I'm not sure of the invention of Lying, but it also starred Jane Austen. Have you seen it?
Yes, you're right.
Yes, he is a talented athlete, a very well known player
Well, he's from Washington and is a Midfielder and forward. He plays the forward position.
Yeah. She is from Washington, Texas. She is a woman.
I like her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of hers?
Yeah. I don't know much about her, but I do know that she has a sibling name Nicki Minaj.
That's right! I like Yellow Submarine, he's a great vocalist. Do you know that?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It was released in 1997, and it was written by Beatrice Sparks.
It was! It was directed by Mike Colter and released in 1997.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I can tell you that he wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it's a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes they are. Anything else I can help you with?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
It starred James Franco and Tempestt Bledsoe. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he plays soccer and the Portugal national football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh, I do not know much about him either. I do know that he is also a musician.
Yes, she is. Do you know who she is?
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like more recommendations based on this genre?
Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in The Terminator and The Three Musketeers. Would you like to watch them?
It is Gary Ross, and Richard Linklater played the role.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is also a Speculative fiction.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is also a Thriller
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That book was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
Yes, it's a great drama
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
The Portable Atheist was written by Roger Atheist. He also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
Peter pan is a very popular one. Have you read it?
It was released in 1904.
Yes, there were several authors who are known for their books. My apologies, I am not sure of the author.
It was written in English.
You're welcome!
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a good one.
It sure is! Wuthering Heights is a romantic drama and was released in 1847.
Sure! I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure, he wrote a modern version of David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you read either of these?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
Spirit Bound is written by Richelle Mead.
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was released in 2011.
I'd recommend Will Grayson by Richelle Mead.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player from Switzerland. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, I am not a fan of tennis but I do know Venus is from Switzerland. She has a sister named Serena Williams that is also a musician and a model.
That's amazing! What sports do you like to watch?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma. Are you a fan of the team?
Oh wow, he is a basketball player from Detroit. Do you follow the sport?
Wow! I don't follow basketball all that much but I do know he is very taller than me.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Speculative fiction and Fantasy are both in the fantasy genre
you are welcome. anything else
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor-Johnson and is a Drama/Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Help.
Viola also starred in The Help, which is a very good film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. State Fair is a historical period drama. Would you like me to add that to your list?
Yes he did. He also starred in Did you know he was also a musician?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure thing. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, Pat Conroy is the author of The Great Gatsby.
Flannery O'Conner wrote a book called Saints and Soldiers. Does that interest you?
Wise Blood is a children's literature
Welcome
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in RocknRolla and Wonder Woman. Have you seen either of those?
Absolutely! Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are also in it. It's a classic.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
I can tell you she wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both crime fiction novels.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Verhoeven is a movie starring Tim Robbins and Matt Damon. Do you like the movies?
He also directed The Return of the King.
Total Recall is an adventure/fantasy movie released in 1982.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
I'm not sure of the same genre, but Snow White and the Huntsman was released in 2002.
Undertow is a science fiction film and also a thriller.
Anna Kendrick and Al Pacino also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it and have a great day
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter movies?
It was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad to be of help!
Okay.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he did! That was a great drama film. Do you like dramas?
Sure! I also think you'll enjoy Without Fail by Lee Child.
No problem!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Would you like to hear more about films starring Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Total Recall is starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Tim Robbins and Nat Wolff starred in it.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like baseball?
Oh, ok. 2014 was a great year for the Giants.
Me too! My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington.
Sure. Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Giver. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1999 and is also a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about him but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
Yes, he is! He is from China. Have you been there?
Yes, and Zhang Ziyi also starred in Wuthering Heights. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, along with Guy Cardwell
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Guy Cardwell.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure, he has written The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is the first book in the series. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. A similar title is Emma.
Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and stars Harrison Ford. Are you looking for a specific genre?
It was released in 1999 and the genre is Patriot Games.
You're very welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it.
Yeah, he was in Zoolander. It also stars Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson. It is an animated film.
Yes, he did. If you know Luke Wilson starred in Zoolander, it is one of his best movies.
Glad I could help.
I like the song Crossroads. Did you know that she starred in a few movies?
Yes, she was married to Kevin Federline. Did you know she was also a model?
That is great! I haven't seen it, what is it about?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It's a Drama, released in 2012. It's similar to The End of the Affair.
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy-drama and a sci-fi movie. I think you would enjoy it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It was released in 2006, and it has a great cast. Would you like to know who produced it?
The Towering Inferno was directed by Ridley Scott. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. The genre is Speculative fiction do you like this genre?
The author is J.K. Rowling.
The Name of the Wind is a picture book written by Charles Dickens.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies?
Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
Emily Bronte wrote it. She also wrote The Marvellous Medicine
That is correct and if you haven't seen it you should check it out.
Willy Wonka starred in Titanic as well.
Yes, he is one of the best soccer players of all time. He plays for FC Barcelona when he's playing for FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
Oh, yea! He starred in Slumdog Millionaire. He is a soccer player.
That's right! He's a wonderful person. I think he's a great coach. I don't know if he's in a team.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also starred in Theugitive.
Sure. Have you seen Men in Black 3. It was a romantic comedy.
Sure. Anything else i can assist you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Hugh Jackman and Jed Brophy are in it.
Yes she was. She was also in The Smurfs.
I don't know, but Nicholas Cage starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. It's a great movie. It stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is written by Christopher Nolan, do you like this author?
I don't watch much baseball, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they do. How are they doing this year?
That is true. The Giants were runner ups in the 2010 world series.
Yes they do. The world series is fun to watch. The Dodgers is a good team though.
Sure, Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt star in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Great. I recommend Aline Bronca. It's a Speculative fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet and it was released in 2001.
Hugh Jackman starred in The Legend of Zorro.
Sure! William Friedkin directed the Hunted, which is a really good film.
It's an action film. Do you like that kind of movie?
Not that I know of but I can tell you that he directed it. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-White is written by Jane Austen
Glad you are welcome.
They are a national basketball team in the Western Conference, Southern division.
I like both football and soccer. How about you?
I love tennis! I watch the Kentucky Derby horse race every May.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine is a historical period drama starring Katharine McPhee.
Alan Arkin also starred in Deep Impact with Morgan Freeman.
Yes she is. Did you know she is also a model?
She is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA Tour.
You are very welcome.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote the Pallbearer which is a Science Fiction book. Do you like Science Fiction?
Absolutely! He also wrote The New York Trilogy and The Last Olympian.
Absolutely, I hope you enjoy them.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is both Fantasy and Speculative fiction, do you like these genres?
Sure, Tombs of Atuan is also written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Children's literature
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I do not know who he is a coach
Yes, and he was a free agent. I would say he's a very good team.
Yes, he is a football player. He plays the forward position. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team, as well as the Manchester United F.C. team.
Well, I agree! He's very strong! He's also quite good.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul
Yes, it is a romantic comedy and also is produced by Jeff Kinney.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war movie starring Michael Caine and Francis Ford Coppola.
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! It is a historical period drama also starring Christo Jivkov and Hristo Shopov.
Glad to be of assistance!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and the Insurgent
You are welcome.
Yes, it was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You is written by Cecelia Ahern and its actually a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Do you like it because it's fantasy?
Great! The Golden Compass is written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
If you like Philip Pullman, you should also enjoy The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Yes, Tom Everett and Phyllida Law are also in that movie. Do you like them?
You are welcome.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I don't have a favorite singer, but Shakira is definitely acoustic singer. She has a good voice. She has some good songs like Maya Angelou, Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Did you know Ricky Martin also starred in Men in Black 3?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Robert Wade. He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is another Science Fiction novel.
I do not know who it is. I do know that Tom Cruise is also in it. Do you like him?
I do! She's a great tennis player. Do you like her and tennis?
Yes she is. Which one of my favorite tennis players are you referring to?
Yes, they are. Do you want me to look for something else on the team?
They're pretty good, I think Mike Woodson does a good job with them
Oh, ok. What other sports do you like?
I didn't know he was in that movie too! Who's your favorite actor?
Yes, he is an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I do watch it from time to time. I like football movies like Remember the Titans and Raiders of the Lost Ark. Are you a football fan?
It is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I would say Tragicomedy
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Is there anything else I can help with?
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Ok, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her books?
It's a Social Criticism and Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Cool, enjoy!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Mickey Knox.
Well it's a very entertaining book and also a comedy. It's based on a book by Mickey Knox.
Of course! Once Upon a Time in the West is a science fiction action film and was directed by Sergio Leon. Should I add it to your list?
Sure! It is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great dramas from that genre.
The Manchurian Candidate is a classic, written by Robert Mulligan.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was released in 2008.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Calvin Harris is a professional DJ he is also a drummer and he is also a musician and a musician.
Andy Murray is a professional athlete based on his professional life. He has also starred in the Olympics.
I love tennis. I also like Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova. Do you know them?
Woody Harrelson is the main star and she is a great athlete.
Sure! She has a couple of books. Two of which are The Journals of Sylvia Day and Ariel. Have you read either of these?
The genre is fiction
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know but I do know that she is a singer. Is that right?
Yes, I did not know that. Is she a singer or a singer?
Sia Furler is a great performer. I don't think I have heard of Shakira. I am a huge fan of Indie rock, but I like Selena Gomez and Rihanna much better.
I haven't heard of Lyricist. I will have to check it out. Thanks!
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is also an athlete?
Yes, she was married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know she starred in Scream 4?
Absolutely! He starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
That is correct! Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist.
Yes, that's a great movie. Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it, as well as Winter's Bone.
1989 was a great year for movies.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Have you seen the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring?
Sure! The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is also a fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes! Kevin Zegers was in Zoom. It's a Science Fiction film.
No problem!
Sure! It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess
Yes, she does write dramas. One of her most famous works is The Undomestic Goddess.
Hope you enjoy it!
Glad to help. Enjoy
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I know a little, but I don't follow cricket too much. But I do know he is from India.
I didn't know much about it, but I've heard it's been a long time since I've been a fan of baseball. I prefer to follow any other sports.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't have any other information on Sharp Objects but I can find some other titles similar to Sharp Objects.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical as well as a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You are welcome!
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that a singer?
The Chicago Cubs are owned by Thomas Ricketts and coached by Manny Ramirez.
Yes, I do. The Giants are owned by Bill Neukom. Who is your favorite team?
Not yet, but I've heard it's great. It might be a good place to visit. Have you been there?
That's good! Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback!
It came out in 2013, but I don't know when it came out.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
It was released in 1989 which is the same year Mary Higgins Clark released While My Pretty One Sleeps.
It is a children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes Phil Mickelson is! He won the 2010 PGA Championship and he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Oh I remember that. He is a legendary golfer! He is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, it was. It is a drama and comedy. It also stars Ben Stiller. Are you a fan of hers?
Kevin Costner was also in Weeds. He is a great actor.
The Time Machine is a place to start.
The Time Machine was released in 2000 and The Invisible Man was also released in 2014.
Yes I love Caddyshack! Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
The movie stars Steve Buscemi, Lena Olin and Michael Caine.
I think he is a pretty good shooting guard, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, that is correct! Willie Green is also a shooting guard, and he is a Point Guard.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner
The Yankees are playing the New York Yankees. The team is owned by George Steinbrenner.
Baseball is the most popular sport in the American League. Since they are currently playing the New York Yankees.
Psycho is written by John Scalzi and is a Psychological thriller. Do you like this genre?
Robert Bloch, David Opatoshu and Tim Roth all starred in the movie
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, you're right. Do you think they're a team in the NFL?
Yes, they both are. Did you know they're a football team?
Sure! Did you enjoy Rocky because it was written by Sylvester Stallone or because it was a drama?
Sure, he starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Rocky.
Creed is a Science fiction movie, directed by Steven Spielberg.
Youre welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure with Demi Lovato
The Great Train Robbery is a Psychological thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
I don't have that information, but he was in a great movie titled The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information
He was also in The Green Hornet. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Well, there's Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. You should check them out.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic world is a thriller, romance film and drama. Do you like this genre?
If you like Thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Great, he starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them
I agree. I think you'll enjoy it. It also starred Penelope Wilton.
Yes. It is also a drama.
That was a good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
I like them better when Jason Witten is playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Great . It is a Superbowl. Do you know who owns the team?
Have you seen the Cowboys at Tiffany's?
He also directed The Last Temptation of Chris
It also stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels were also in it. It is a Sci-Fi Fantasy starring Harrison Ford. Are you interested in this genre?
It's a Thriller with Sean Connery. Are you interested in Thrillers?
Gillian Flynn. She's a writer for Dark Places.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
If you like mystery you might like Dark Places. He also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do. I agree with you.
Yes, I like science fiction. I think I'll add that to your list.
Great, have a great day!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know that Virat Kohli is from India. Is he a cricket player?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I haven't seen it yet, but I still love football and baseball as well. Do you know if it's on a team?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like football?
You too
I do, they are a national basketball team and owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
It is both Romance and Thriller. Looper stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Have you seen Ocean's 8. It's a drama.
Yes, it is a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
Did you know Tracie Thoms is also a star in this movie?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to see more of his works?
Have you read The Secret Life of Bees? It is a classic.
Erich Maria Remarque was a German author, specializing in screenwriting. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
I'm not sure of the release date for Im Westen nichts Neues. This book was released in 1929 and is in English.
Yes, it does have a English version.
Happy to help. Enjoy!
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
She played tennis, and was recently a former world No 1 in singles. She has a sister named Serena Williams.
Yes! Williams sisters are a great tennis player. They have a sister named Serena Williams that is also a model.
Yes I did. I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do love it. I do like it.
I agree. I love fashion. Have you ever seen a game live in person?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams, Dwayne Johnson, and Oprah Winfrey all starred in this
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
your welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and is a Mystery. Do you like because is written by her or its genre?
In the Woods is both speculative fiction and speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
No problem. Glad to help.
I believe he wrote another book called Things Fall Apart. Have you heard of this book?
He has been in a number of films including The Shawshank Redemption, Thirteen Ghosts, and Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes it is David Ayer, the lead actor is Christian Bale, David Ayer and the lead actor is David Ayer.
Sure, have you see Grey's Anatomy or The Quick and the Dead
No problem
I do! Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coaches and the team is owned by Zygi Wilf.
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, and Bears. The Rams and the Falcons are 2nd in the AFC North. Do you follow any of them?
My husband likes them. How are the Patriots doing this year?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
It is a Biographical Drama and Thriller.
It was released in 2004 and Andrew Garfield directed The Social Network.
The genre is television film as well as music and drama.
2010 is a sequel to The Social Network and also stars Drew Barrymore and Al Pacino.
you too
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen that yet?
Yes, Joan Allen starred in The Ice Storm as well.
Tobey was also a star and a writer. He also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction, and is also a speculative fiction. Would you like more recommendations in this genre?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like it because of the author? She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld
It was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Well, enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did. It's a pretty good book. Do you like novels?
Yes, I have. I like Mansfield Park because it was a Romance. Do you like Romance?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry but I do not know any other players like her.
The Commonwealth Games was played in the National Football Conference.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and also a scientist.
Yes, he also wrote The Patriot. Great book. Did you know he was also a scientist?
Robin starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's also a musician and a model. Are you a fan?
Have you seen Waking Life? It is also a Family movie and it is also starring Robin Williams.
Steven Spielberg and Cameron Crowe star in it.
Sure, I'll add it now.
I don't know much about Homer but I do know that he wrote The Simpsons. Did you know that he also wrote The Crazies?
I'm not sure of the genre but the Iliad was written by Homer. Another example of this author is Veronica Roth.
Yes, it was written in English. Beowulf is a classic.
I don't really follow football much but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
That's right! I didn't realize it was a long time ago.
Yes, Russel Wilson is a good coach. He won a few Super Bowl's championships recently. He's a good coach.
Sure! The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She starred in the movies Two Girls and a Guy and also in the X-Men
Sure Oceans, The Blind Side, is a comedy-drama film that was released in 1999.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is indeed. Alive is a graphic novel and it has a speculative fiction genre.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy. Have you heard of it?
They're a basketball team and owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Do you like basketball?
The owner is Harold Zieg Steinbrenner.
The team is a Science Fiction team, but I don't have that information either.
You're Welcome
Yes, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
If you are into crime, he also starred in Minority Report, which is in the crime genre. Have you seen that one?
If you enjoyed Seven Psychopaths, you might also like Good Will Hunting. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
Yes, they are a part of the NFL. They are owned by John Fox and John Fox. Do you like them?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, Drew Brees, and Jim Caldwell. Do you know any of them?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, but I do like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
I agree. Matt Schulza was also in Zoolander. I think you would enjoy that one as well.
I will do that
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it is based on the book. Did you know the movie was based on the book?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
No problem!
Sure, He's a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Really, I don't know much about him. Is he a golfer from Dallas?
Yes, the Major League Soccer team is actually a basketball team and it's pretty cool about it.
Yes, she is a very well known writer. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is quite popular.
Yea, she also wrote Donnie the Pooh and The Secret Life of Bees.
Sure, it was first published in 1950. The same year Theodore Roosevelt was released.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them both.
Yes, he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a romantic comedy starring Rose DeWitt Bukater and James Franco.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player for FC Barcelona? Do you like soccer?
Oh didn't know that. What position does he play for?
I have not seen it. Who was in that movie?
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie! I haven't seen it either.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a Fantasy genre
It is a great one with the same genre as The Sea of Monsters and The Assassin's Blade
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
it has genre Historical fiction
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Would you like to know more about her?
I do! He starred in Imagine That and produced Tyson, which is a Documentary film.
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Ray Bradbury also wrote the Martian Chronicles?
Then I would recommend The Martian Chronicles or Fahrenheit 451.
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1851. Another good one is The Martian Chronicles
Sure
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? I don't know much about soccer.
Yes, she is an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love golf too. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
Me too. Grown Ups is a great Family Comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she was. That movie was a great family movie.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes are both great books
Yes, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Great, I think you will enjoy the movie.
Enjoy
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 1998 Olympics.
Yes he is and also from the Oklahoma City.
Do you like the movie because its Thriller or because it is starring Natalie Portman, or because it is a thriller?
Ok. Some other movies starring Robert Downey Jr, include The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and The Incredible Hulk.
Ok. He starred in The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and many more. Have you seen either of those?
Then I would recommend The Incredible Hulk, if you have not seen it.
He wrote the book The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination is also a psychological thriller and was released in 2000. Have you seen it?
It is a psychological thriller film and was directed by Eric Brees. It belongs to the Duchess County.
Yes, he also wrote and produced the film The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller film written by Louis Sachar. It is a great movie.
Enjoy !
Yes, she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she has a relationship with Kevin Federline?
Kevin Costner was in it. It's a great movie. Do you like his movies?
It was a drama/romance and also stars Pauly Shore is Dead.
300 is directed by him.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Tess Gerard Butler starred in this film as well and its a War film.
Val Kilmer starred in this movie as well and also directed Cassandra Clare.
Yes! It's a good Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine to name a few starred in it. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817
Persuasion is a romance novel by Jane Austen. Do you like romance novels?
Yes! It is a good Romance. Another good Romance novel is Sense and Sensibility.
Sure! It is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
I'm not sure but it is considered a science fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he is a great actor
Yes that is correct he was Days of Thunder also starring Robert Duvall.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. He also starred in Vanilla Sky and White House Down.
You are welcome
I don't think that is their home venue, but I do know that they're coached by Mike McCarthy
My favorite team is the Patriots, but I haven't had a long career. How about you?
Oh, yes, I do. My favorite Niners fan is Stephen Curry. What is your favorite team?
Sure My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or genre?
Yes, Where There's Smoke is also written by Jodi Picoult. Have you read it?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
Yes I do! He is a midfielder for the Borussia Dortmund team.
I agree, it is a nice sport to watch. I like basketball better than football. How about you?
I agree, it is a good sport to watch. Did you know Thomas Müller won the Bravo award?
Sure. She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners.
The Sweet Far Thing is a romance and The Diviners is part of a series.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that. However, The Sweet Far Thing is also part of a series.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, it does. He also wrote Wes Craven. Would you like to know more about that?
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Tom Benson is also on the team. He is a good coach. Do you like football?
You're welcome!
Yes. Michelle Wie is a professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, Michael Jordan is a female golfer.
Wow, i did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Mike Starr did star in it.
Sure, it was released in 2002.
You are welcome.
I do! Did you know he's friends with Cameron Diaz?
Wow, I didn't know that! I think he's now a musician and a musician.
I think so. I don't think so. I think he is now a musician.
Do you like animated Disney films?
Have you seen the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring?
Have you seen Waterworld or The Time Traveler's Wife?
Yes sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you enjoy this genre?
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
Sure! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. Would you be interested in other books in the series?
Yes, but I haven't read it. I haven't read it. I haven't read it yet. Is that a classic?
Sure. I will add them to your list.
I agree! He's one of the most important tennis players in the world right now. He's a very good tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What is your favorite?
I agree with you on that. I think Marat Safin is a great tennis player?
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1914 and was also a part of a series.
Yellow Wallpaper was a great read. Enjoy!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters?
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, no problem.
Yes, its written by Veronica Roth what else can i do for you?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2012. She also wrote Insurgent
Yes it was released in 2012. It is a science fiction/fantasy genre.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I don't know much about her though. I like Sylvester Stallone and A Thousand Years. Do you like them?
Yes she did, and it was a song written by Nicholas Cage.
Thor : Film Executive Produced: Chris Hemsworth
I don't know another movie he was in but he was also in The Green Hornet. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure. Have you read Vanishing Acts or The Tenth Circle?
Have you read Where There's Smoke?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
Yes I do. What is your favorite sport?
The Patriots are a good team, what's your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he was a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII though.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Deadpool. Have you seen this one yet?
Yes Peter Weir starred in Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Spring Breakers
Do you know if she was in a relationship with Justin Bieber?
Of course! Number the Stars is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Speculative fiction as well.
I think it is a great read as well. It was written by Orson Scott.
Absolutely, I am happy to help.
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
Yes, it was! Rosemary Wells also starred in Treasure Planet.
You are welcome!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, you might like You've Got Mail, Wild Hogs, and Vanilla Sky.
Sure, the cast of Submarine was Jamie Lee Curtis and Jess Harnell.
He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
Enjoy!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I would recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
It was released in 1996 and is a Fiction and Speculative fiction.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a mystery/fantasy book. Would you like to hear more?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I have not heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I haven't heard of them but I do know that they are both popular in the Nsync.
I do. I prefer older bands like New York Giants and New York Giants.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you are right. He was a linebacker. Do you know if he is still a linebacker?
I like a lot of sports. I'm a fan of hockey and baseball. Do you have a favorite team?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is an action movie similar to TRON: Legacy.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is an action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2008.
The Silence of the Lambs is also in the Thriller genre.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is starring Ryan Reynolds one of the best actor of all time
I haven't seen it but I do know that Robert De Niro is also a film producer and he is comedy.
Yes. That is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is also a Thriller. Have you seen it?
No problem!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, and he also starred in The Sorcerer's Stone.
You will love her also. She starred in The Matrix and Speed.
The Pianist is also a romantic drama. If you like romance films, you might also enjoy Silver Linings Playbook and Men in Black.
You are welcome.
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that she has a sister named Rory McIlroy. Do you like her?
No, I did not. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
I am not sure where Serena is residing. Who does her birthplace?
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a action film.
If you like suspense, you might like Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Are you interested in other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Have you read Shallow Hal? It is also a Romance.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this book?
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2012, the same year Broken Silence was released.
Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it was a speculative fiction genre?
Have you read Winter's Tale? It is also speculative fiction.
It was written by Charles Dickens. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she starred in a few films? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yes, it was also released in 1993. That was a good year for her.
I think so. Papa don't listen to much 'electronic dance music'.
Yeah she did. You should check it out. It's hilarious.
That is a good musical. Did you know Madonna is also a musician?
Yes, it was written by Joel Coen who also wrote True Grit and The Wild Life.
No, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
It is written by Fredrik Backman
Yes it is in English.
Sure! Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
Zoo also has genre Crime Fiction, but is this what you're looking for?
It was written by Agatha Christie and it is crime fiction.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was a great movie. Do you like Tom Hanks?
He is! He was also in That Thing You Do!
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It is a romance and was released in 2011
Emir Kusturica starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Sure! William Bronco, James Coburn and Jada Pinkett Smith all starred in Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for Apocalypse Now. However, I do know that Nicolas Cage is in the film.
Mr. Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
It is a comedy-drama, with a little bit of drama.
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth and London. Have you read either of those?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a science fiction film
It is a science fiction comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Who is your favorite Patriots player?
Belich, he's a good coach. He's a great athlete. But, I didn't know he's from Chicago.
Yes, Bill Murray and Tom Hardy star in it. It's a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Yes she did and it also has a genre of Comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes that is correct and he also starred in Scarlett Jodie Foster.
I'm not sure of the answer to that, but Nicky Katt also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road.
Sure, have a good day
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City and the Star. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2008.
It was also released in 2014 as a thriller. Have you read it?
Your welcome
Do you like it because it's a drama?
Sure! Do you like the genre or the author?
Yes! Unknown is also a film. It's a psychological thriller.
Yes it was. It was also a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
Yes he is, and he is also a Midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales
Yes she is a singer-songwriter and singer-songwriter. Are you a fan of hers?
I love her music. I think she's a very talented singer.
Yes, she is a very talented singer. I like her music alot, though.
Yes. Misery is written by Anne Tyler. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I know it is also a good psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins is a great actor. I know he also starred in Robin Hood.
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and was written in English.
Harry Shearer was also in it, and it is a great movie.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately do not have that information.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Glad to be of help
Robert Lewandowski is from Warsaw. Do you like football?
Robert Lewandowski plays the position of Forward
Robert Lewandowski was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! The Selection is a series of books and also the next in the series is The Siren. Do you enjoy the series?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You are most welcome.
Did you like X-men because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci-Fi?
Did you know James Franco starred in that movie? It's an action movie.
Robert Duvall and Mark Boal are two of the big names in XXX.
Yes. I think he did as well. If you like action movies, I'd recommend X-Men.
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you heard of those?
Yea, she also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in it. It is a Sci-Fi film. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point Book is a Non-fiction book.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other works.
Yes. Would you like to know who starred in it?
You are very welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Do either of those interest you?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
White House Down and Beautiful Creatures are both great action films
Silvia Colloca stars in it
He directed Man on the Moon and Amadeus. Have you see them ?
Yes, he also directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Sure, I can do that for you.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by C.S. Lewis or because it was a fantasy book?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis and is the second book in The Chronicles of Narnia series.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1950. Also the year The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe came out.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. He was also in the Indian national cricket team.
I don't really know much about cricket, but I do know that he's married to Snoop Dogg. I think he's a great player.
No I don't think I have heard of him. Is he a good player?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
Yes, he starred in the movie This is 40, have you seen it?
Sure, a couple of his popular ones are What My Mother Doesn't Know, Wild Ones, and Tusk.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, you'll like The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome. Anything else?
Enjoy your book.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure with Demi Moore .
he wrote the book Tuesdays with Morrie
it is a Crime Fiction genre. do you like this genre
sure you'll enjoy it
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I love American Football, but I'm not much of a baseball fan. What about you?
Then I do like basketball! What's your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He's also a writer and a scientist.
Unfortunately, I don't have much information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Sure! Added the book to your list.
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a very well known writer. He wrote The Titan's Curse which was released in 1999.
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional American football player and married to Gisele Bundchen.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook. Do you like them?
Eva Mendes was also starred in the comedy film, Young Sherlock Holmes.
Sure. It is a great war movie. Do you like war movies or movies in general?
Bruce Willis was also in American Sniper. Did you know he was also in American Sniper?
It is a drama. It is also a comedy.
Anytime!
Yes. Martin Scorsese movies are a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
Gangs of New York is written by Steven De Niro.
Step Brothers was a great film. I also like The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen it?
You might want to try Wild Hogs with Dennis Quaid. He also stars in it.
Sure, it also stars Robert De Niro and is a comedy-drama. I recommend it.
Yes it is. It also stars Matthew McConaughey and Marlon Brando.
You're welcome
Yes, all three are available.
Tom Hanks starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne and It's a romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne is a Romance and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I do not have that information.
You're very welcome!
Yes I do. I would recommend War of the Twins or The Wolverine.
Yes I can. Welcome to Temptation, Where the Wild Things Are, and Waterworld. Have you seen them?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Hope you enjoy it!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season.
That's right! I am a Dallas Cowboys fan and I don't know much about them since they are one of the championship
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes, he is
Me either. Wayne is a New Jersey is written by John Farrell
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out. Thanks!
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Did you like the movie because it was a Science Fiction movie?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar movie
Absolutely, have a great day
Are you looking for other movies in the Fantasy genre, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of movie?
It starred Robert De Niro, Rosario Dawson, Robert De Niro, and Richard Donner to name a few.
Yes she is! Did you know Nicki Minaj is also a friend to Tyga?
Yes, also a musical recording show.
I m not sure, but I know she starred in a movie called Robots. Have you seen it?
Are you looking for more books by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction. Have you read that one?
I do like thrillers. You may also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like the author or genre?
Theodore is a French book written by Theodore Lesieg and is a fiction
The Lorax was released in 1999
Have you read Horton Hears a Who?
your welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Never let me go is a science fiction movie written by the author Alex Garland. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Never let me go which is a science-fiction as well.
Yes he did. He also wrote a book called The Invisible Man.
Enjoy!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
Its a romance film
Your welcome
I've never read Luftslottet som sprängdes, is written by Stieg Larsson
You are correct! Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read this one?
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Akira Kurosawa wrote Yojimbo. Do you like indy art films?
Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Samurai, Yojimbo, and Ran.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good one. You should check it out.
Glad to be of help
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a similar movie
Confessions is starring Michael Fassbender. what else can i answer for you?
Annie Hall is a great comedy film. Anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan
I like the Broncos, but I also like the Rams and the Chargers.
That's great! I love the Cowboys! Did you know they're owned by Shahid Khan?
Yes, I do. He starred in Men in Black 3. He is a great singer.
Yes! He was in Men in Black II. Did you know he was also a producer?
Yes, he was also in Norah's Baby, Have you seen that one?
Did you like Scream because it was a Thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee or Zodiac.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do! My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you like them?
Yes, and the Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. It's a great team!
I agree. Are they having a good season this year?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure! Night Watch is a romance film directed by Timur Bekham and was released in 1996.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes! Bryan Singer directed the Sci-Fi movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Yes, Hugh Jackman is in it. Have you seen it?
That's a good one! It also stars Hugh Jackman.
He's a great author! He wrote the Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
It was released in 1996, the same year as The Frostbite which is also written by Douglas Adams
There are so many great books to recommend. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather stars Marlon Brando and is a drama. Do you like drama films?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one yet?
Great! Marlon Brando is also in The Godfather.
Great! Marlon Brando starred in a couple TV shows as well.
Yes, it was. It starred Al Pacino and Debra Winger as well.
If you like dramas, you might want to try The Call if you haven't seen it already.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
Oh yea that's right. What sport do you follow?
Which one is your favorite team? I know Mike McCarthy is from Pittsburgh.
I don't think they are doing well this year. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm going to look for the Bears on Tuesday.
I like baseball too! What's your favorite team?
Yes, it stars Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon Levitt. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, Pruitt Vince was also in Who's That Girl and What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day. Do you like those films?
Sure! It was a great film. It was directed by David Ayer. It is also a romance film.
The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's genre is considered a historical fiction. Is that something you'd be interested in?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen Zoom? He was in that.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie as well.
Enjoy!
I do. Blake Shelton is a country singer, songwriter and television personality. Do you like his music?
God Gave Me You is a Country Pop composer/drama. Do you like this type of music?
I don't know where he started. However, I do know he has a sibling name Nicki Minaj, a singer and a model.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, there was. It's a TV series by Sara Shepard. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Proposal are both great choices.
You're welcome!
I am not that familiar with them but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
That's right! Do you know if it's a superhero movie or basketball?
I don't know much about them. Who are they a team?
Oh, Tomlin is a pretty good coach. He's from Pittsburgh, PA, and is a midfielder.
Oh wow, I didn't know that! I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis were also in it.
Sure, I will send it now.
Enjoy!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
That was a good one
Yes, she also wrote Angels & Demons
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Sorry, I do not have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Yes, and it's a movie too. Would you like me to send it to you?
It's a thriller, similar to The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
Well she wrote Agatha Christie and she starred in They Do it with Mirrors.
It was released in 2004
your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Much Ado About Nothing and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Of course! What You Will is the next book in the series is called What You Will.
I hope you like it! Have a good day.
He's directed several films including headhunters
Yes, Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch are some of the stars in The Headhunters.
Great, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
Sure! He also wrote Evermore and The Kite Runner. Have you read either of those?
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Not sure, but he's a former world No. 1 in singles.
Sure! He is also the director and he directed Whiplash. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic drama film starring Damien Chazelle and Damien Chazelle and also produced and directed by him.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day!
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure! Situation is a drama/fantasy and was released in 2003. It also stars Olivia Wilde, who is also in it.
Sure! It is added to your watch list.
He was a friend with Woody Harrelson, I think he was a singer/songwriter.
I don't have information on that one but i do know that Shaun White acted along side Will Smith
Did you know Mila Kunis is also in That Thing You Do
Yes I would! It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then I recommend The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
Sure, I'm glad I could help.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. Would you like to know more about this?
That's right, he did star in Star Trek. Did you know he was also a scientist?
Sure, I will do that right now.
Yes, Jonathan Levine wrote The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness has genre Thriller and Drama.
The starring actors in Wackness is Vanessa Redgrave, Jamie Lee Curtis and Rosario Dawson.
I hope you enjoy it!
Of course! Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also enjoy The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Certainly. I hope you enjoy them. Have a wonderful day.
I will have to add Treasure Island to your reading list.
Yes, he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. Have you seen that one?
Would you like to hear about other films he wrote?
Polanski was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockingjay.
Sure! Jack London wrote Toy Story and The Sea Wolf. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, that's correct. It also has a movie and was directed by Jack London.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan also starred in Aliens, The Handmaid's Tale and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes he was in it as well! James Franco also starred in Revolutionary Road.
He was also in Hocus Pocus and Avatar.
I'm not sure when Shadows was released, but I do know it was written by Stan Lee.
Sure! Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Frankenstein is written in English but it is also considered speculative fiction.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Fight Club is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Kathryn Sutherland, and Emilio Estevez.
You're welcome!
Yes. A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a translator and translated his works including Im Westen nichts Neues, Drei Kameraden, and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more about his works?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes he directed The Siege which is crime fiction. Have you seen it?
Yes, Denzel Washington was in The Siege as well.
Yes, The Siege is also a thriller, written by Edward Zwick.
You are right! He was also in Training Day. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was!
You're welcome!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Yankees. Aren't they in the National League too?
That's pretty cool. What sports do you like to watch?
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1999 and is in the English language.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner
Sure, I can do that.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Have you seen The Good, the Bad and the Ugly? It was also directed by Sergio Leone.
Have you seen The Good, the Bad and the Ugly or Once Upon a Time in America?
No problem.
Sure, Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is another speculative fiction.
Did you know he's not only a writer but also a director? He directed Million Dollar Baby which is a drama.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like these actors?
I'm not sure how it was released, but it also starred Joe Morton.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 2001 and also stars Rebecca Hall and Quentin Tarantino.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano. It is a sci-fi/action movie, do you like those genres?
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other films. Have you seen them?
Underdog is a Drama/Fantasy film starring Jodi Foster and Denzel Washington, the director of Underdog.
Yes, he has starred in Wreck-It Ralph and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
They are. Did you know they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie?
The Eagles are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I do! My favorite team is the Redskins.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
American Beauty also starred Annette Benning and Scott Bakula.
Yes, it is a drama, and it also stars Scott Ball. I think you would enjoy it.
That's a great movie. It stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I can recommend The Incredible Hulk and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen them?
Sure. It was released in 2010. It also has Action and Adventure. Do you enjoy those movies?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie.
If you like action films, you might enjoy White House Down or White House Down.
Do you like the Thriller or Mystery aspect of World War Z?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in White House Down and Young Frankenstein. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these films?
Yes it was. She is also from Virginia. Are you a fan of hers?
Naomi Watts has also been in Starship Troopers. Have you seen that one?
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action movie and stars Hugh Jackman, Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
There is Another one starring Ryan Reynolds is Shark Night, have you seen that one?
It is a great movie with Ryan Reynolds. It is a comedy-drama film. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk and The Transporter.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also the director and he was also the director of The Transporter. He was a scientist and journalist.
Good Will Hunting is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
Scott Glenn and James Franco to name a few. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote The Town.
The Town is a horror movie and is directed by Ben Affleck.
No problem, I am here for you.
Yes, he has written a number of books such as Speculative fiction, Tales of Beedle the Bard and A Game of Thrones. Have you read those?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. It was released in 1856.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about Madame Bovary?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, The Scarlet Letter and The House of Mirth are also literary based books.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and Days of Thunder. Have you seen either of those?
Auto Racing was released in 2002. It also stars Robert Duvall and David Carradine.
Enjoy!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance. Both also are action movies.
The Unbreakable is also a good movie.
I sure do! I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
Yes Taylor Swift is one of them. Do you like her?
I don't know much about them but I do know I do like their music
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes, only in the Star Trek movies
It is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Have you read Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide?
Journey to the East was released in 2009.
Glad to be of help
I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in Turner & Hooch, Ghostbusters, Like Mike, and plenty of other films. Do any of those sound interesting?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm more of a thriller, but Yann Martel is also a film producer.
Yes, it was also written by Michelle Paver. Have you seen the film?
It is, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson,he also wrote King's Speech
There is also The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and is a horror film.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are also examples.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are they your favorite team?
Sure, Warriors are a professional basketball team in the Western Conference West. How about you?
Not really,I know Steph Curry is a basketball player, he plays point guard, and is a point guard. Do you know who is he?
Sure, do you like the author, Frank McCourt? He wrote Teacher Man and he also wrote Teacher Man
Have you read Teacher Man?
You are welcome
I love this book, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1997. It is also a great movie.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know that they're coached by Fernando Hierro.
Who doesn't like him? I think he is also an athlete.
I actually don't follow soccer
He wrote The Sea Wolf and The Thorn Birds. Have you read those?
Have you heard of Red Dragon? It was also considered a fiction.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like these actors?
Yes. It also starred Joely Richard Gere. Have you seen it?
It also starred Joe Morton. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes. Undisputed is also a science fiction action film. Have you seen it?
Me too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Would you like recommendations for comedies?
Cinderella was released in 2005.
Yes, she wrote Unforgettable Lady and The Cuckoo's Calling.
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy which is in the Romance genre
Me too. Did you know she also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
There are so many. The Favored Child is a good one, and The Chemist is a great one.
The Divergent Series is a Science Fiction novel by American author Jane Austen.
You're very welcome.
Sure! Andrew Adamson wrote all of the Toy Story movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Shrek 2 is written by Andrew Adamson. Would you like to know more about this writer?
I am not a fan of the Mets but I do know that they are in the National League as well as the New York Mets.
I haven't been to several of the World Series' games. But I was not a fan of the NY Giants.
I don't know about that, just that it's really funny. But, I can't agree with you. Did you ever watch the Yankees?
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier is a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a television series and starred Reno 911. It is a crime drama and crime fiction movie.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than she wrote the book The Lies of Lockett .
Liverpool, but Tottenham isn't doing well this season, so I'm not sure who are the best teams in the world!
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! It was written by Kongo, and starred suspense and horror. Do you enjoy those genres?
Yes, he wrote the TV show Lethal Weapon 3.
I do not know but i do know it was released in 2005
I am not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
My favorite team is The Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yea, he played for the Denver Broncos. Do you know any other teams he's coached?
Oh cool! I'll add that one to my list.
Sure, I'm always happy to help.
They're a pretty good team, but I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Do you watch them?
I guess I'm not a fan of the New York Mets. I do know that they made it to the World Series in 2002.
I do. I liked Field of Dreams. Did you know Ray Wilkinson starred in that movie?
Isn't he a point guard with the Chicago Bulls?
Yes, LeBron James is a good basketball player
No, I haven't but I know he's a voice actor isn't he?
Of course! It's a great movie. It's starring Will Smith, Tom Hanks, and Jennifer Lawrence.
Do you like movies with Lowell Cunningham? You might enjoy The SpongeBob SquarePants movie
If you like sci-fi, you should check out Wild Hogs.
You are welcome.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you'll like The Legend of Tarzan or The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure of the follow up but The Dark Knight is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Happy to help
He also wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read either of these?
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. The Golden Fool is a fantasy novel.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a suspense thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes. Welcome to the Monkey House if you have not read it
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Do you know him?
Lake of Fire stars William Hurt and Matt Bomer. Do you like these actors?
Glad to help!
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote .
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Historical novel. It was released in 2011.
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and was released in 1985
No, all three were written by Paula Hawkins.
Glad I could help.
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a crime fiction?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a very good psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is also a psychological thriller.
I hope you enjoy them
Yes, The Power of Habit which was released in 2011.
The Power of Habit is a Fiction novel released in 2011.
You got it
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, he is very talented and is also a coach. Are they your favorite team?
Yeah, he is. His current coach is Larry Bird. Did you know he was also a musician?
The Chicago Bulls are an awesome team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Yes, it seems like a lot of different teams will make it to the playoffs. Do you know Jerry Reindsdorf
youre welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was also a movie and starred Matt Damon.
I hope you enjoy it.
Crescendo is a family drama. Do you like the genre of this film?
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you may enjoy.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is a romance novel by Jane Austen.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh that's a good one. I haven't heard much about their rap stuff. I've never been a fan of rap either. I do like baseball though.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre.
It was released in 2002 and it is an adventure genre.
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes! He starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she was in it too! Do you like her movies?
I have a couple of other family movies. Would you like to hear about those?
Will do. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
His father is a famous bowler. It's science fiction.
Yes, and it was written by Simon Beaufoy.
Yeah, Damian Lilliard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he did, he is also a basketball player.
I don't really know much about Seattle Seahawks, but he's a basketball player.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a historical fiction starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in a tv show called King's Speech which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Are you referring to the one starring Peter Dinklage?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Yes, I do. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Justin Timberlake. She's a very talented singer
She also is a model and a singer
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a Chicago Bears fan and since they're having some bad seasons. They're having some good season this year.
That's great! I've been a fan since they're having a heck of a season.
Isn't he a basketball player from Oklahoma City?
Not sure. However, he is a very skilled basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Yes, he does. He is also a good point guard.
Do you like drama? I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen the Pillars of the Earth? It is a thriller that also stars Anthony Hopkins.
You are welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. Brokeback Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes I recommend The Day After Tomorrow starring Heath Ledger.
I don't know much about football but I do know that they're a National Football League team
I do, Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I do like football.
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Well, if you like Harry Potter you'll like The Chronicles of Narnia and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's also a film. It's also considered a film.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
To Rome With Love stars Robert Duvall and Marcia DeBonis. It is also a romance movie.
I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
Well, it's a bit of speculative fiction. Perhaps you'd like something like that?
Well, if you'd like to try one of them, I'd recommend The Moon and More. Have you heard of either of those?
You're welcome!
He wrote such books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a Fiction Novel and released in 1993. It has genre Fiction. Do you like Fiction novels?
It was released in 1993. It has genre Speculative fiction too.
You are welcome
Sure, it was a great movie and it was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Seth Rogen starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The World's End
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in Pineapple Express.
Hope you like it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides which is a really good one.
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter and also Colditz.
Yes, Phantom of a Opera is a fantasy film and action film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Absolutely, I hope you like it!
Yes, I do. I think she is a very talented singer. Is that what you're looking for?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira.
It is, I think I'll listen to it and check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is also classified as Sci-Fi and Drama.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film
Enjoy.
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, he is a very talented man
They're doing good but they're having a good season this year. They are 2nd in the AFC West. Are you a fan?
Yeah, they are doing pretty well this season, I am not a fan of the Patriots.
Did you know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII?
Would you be interested in other books by the same author, James Dashner?
Great Expectations was released in 1838 and is also a book about the 1860s. It is a historical period drama.
I don't know anything else. But A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851. It is a historical period drama.
It is also a documentary film and was released in 1982.
Great class is a science fiction work. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, she also wrote Unbreakable and The Siren.
It is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a action movie?
Yes, it is a action packed movie. You should check it out.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai if you like Drama and Romance.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. It's a Animal Farm is a Historical Fiction. It has a historical fiction. Do you enjoy these genres?
Happy to help!
Yes, he wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Sure! Ralph Steadman writes in the genre of Children's Literature and speculative fiction.
It was written by Roderick Thorp. Would you like to know more about this?
I would definitely recommend Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream.
I hope you like Behind the Doors.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and the other Hobbit films.
The movie was released in 2006 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Word, and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods was released in 1999 and is an action film directed by Bradley Cooper.
It is a Sci-Fi/Action and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in Sci-Fi movies?
Have you read Lord of the Flies?
The genre is fiction. what else can i do for you today?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I do! He wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, The Raven to name a few. Have you read any of those ?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know that he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
Other than that I don't know much about FC Barcelona, I don't know much about it either.
I'm not sure, but would you like to know more about FC Barcelona?
Aladdin is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you into that genre?
Have you seen the other The Messenger?
You should try The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is an animated version on Netflix.
He directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Philip Seymour Hoffman also starred in it. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen them?
Yes he was. Do you know more about Rob Zombie music?
Rob Zombie also wrote House o 1000 Corpses and Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
No problem.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Xander Berkeley and Marcia DeBonis
Starring Rupert Everett and Steve Buscemi are also in it.
your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her too. She's a great singer but also has some good songs. Do you know if that's what interests you?
Oh, that's a good one. I haven't heard it a long time since I think he composed it.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Lost Souls
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series written by Stephen King
You're welcome
Sure. Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Sedaris and genre is Speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
Oh, it's really funny. It was written by Sedaris and Dan Brown. It's considered a comedy.
Oh, no problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
It is a science fiction film
Great ! Enjoy !
Great !
Enjoy the movie.
That was a dramatic drama starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King
Did you know he also starred in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 2005
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and City of Ashes. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 was also a producer and a director. He also directed Other than Nothing to Lose.
Yes. Kevin Zegers starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Yes! Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt star in that movie. Are you a fan of romance films?
She has starred in The Devil Wears Prada and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes she was, along with Anne Hathaway. Jonah Hill starred in The Iron Lady.
Sure, I'll add it to your list.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Boomerang and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix were also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Okay. Then you'll enjoy The Golden Compass or The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy starred in Angels & Demons, which is a Thriller.
The Bourne Legacy also stars Michael Fassbender and also Dan Gilroy.
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and also Nightcrawler and was directed by Tony Gilroy.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
Ponyo is an adventure film that was released in 2011. I highly recommend it!
If you know Vanessa Redgrave, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. She's a great actor.
Yes, it would be considered a satire and a drama. I think it would be a bit of both.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Yes, he did. There are several stars and one of them are Jack Nicholson, Michelle Pfeiffer and Kevin Costner.
You are welcome.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadow Rising and The Raven King. Have you read either of those ?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Andre Techine. It is a Speculative fiction novel do you like that genre?
You're welcome and enjoy!
No problem, have a great day.
Sure, The Swan Thieves and Manchurian Candidate are both dramas.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I have heard of The Bad Beginning. It was written by James Dashner
I can do that. You may want to check out the next in the series after graduation.
Yes, he is. Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel by James Patterson.
You're welcome.
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories
Pinn was most famous for writing The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, it was also written by Vladimir Naokov
It is both Fiction and Speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book has genres drama and comedy.
The next in the series is A Memoirs of a Geisha
Sure, he wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko is written by him. He also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
No, I'm not that familiar with Courteney Cox. It's a Horror film.
That's right! You're right!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about this?
That's correct! Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket? He wrote that one as well.
There is a Kung Fu Panda 2 also starring Seth Rogen.
He's been in Freddy vs. Jason as well. If you like Seth Rogan, you should check out Wolf Brother.
Yes. Emma Stone and Seth Rogen were both in Superbad.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like because it's a romance?
Chris Hemsworth and Tess Gerard Butler are the main stars. Do you like them?
It was released in 2003 and stars Steve Martin as well.
Sure, it has 4 trailers and 4 trailers.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Sure, I can help you with that. It is a Sci-Fi movie that was directed by James Cameron. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that is correct. Kevin Costner and Keanu Reeves starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know, but I do know that he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2003 and is a Science Fiction genre. Do you like these genres?
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2001.
Deception Point is considered a thriller and Science Fiction
Great! He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Great, and you should try Fifty Shades of Grey and Happy Gilmore.
Happy to help!
You're welcome, I'm happy to do it.
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a thriller and Fantasy movie.
Idiocracy stars Rachel Ticotin and Frank Grillo. It was released in 2002.
It was released in 2013. It also stars Frank Finlay.
Sure, I will add it now.
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Another similar movie is World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Tuck Everlasting? That is a drama.
I am not sure about that. However, I haven't seen The Great Gatsby.
Your welcome
Sure! Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Spitfire Grill. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
I do agree. I know Serena is also a fashion designer and she was born in Spain.
Did you know Tom Garfinkel also starred in the Hair Show?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. Would you be interested to check it out?
Then I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
You are welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do. I like her music a lot. She has a good voice, like Tracy Chapman, Selena Gomez, and Rihanna. How about you?
Wow! I didn't know that. That's a good one. She has a couple good ones. She's from Washington and has a sibling name Nicky Hart. Do you know her?
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie with Sandra Bullock. Do you like her?
Yes, he also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Happy reading
Yes, he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I do not know much about James Rodriguez, but I do know that he was a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes he was. He was a Midfielder and Forward.
She is a great tennis player. Do you like her and tennis?
Me too. Brett Ratner is a great actor. What is your favorite actor?
I agree. Shark Night is another thriller starring Katharine McPhee.
Sure! It was written by Jeannette Walls and is considered a memoir. Do you like this genre?
Robert Rodriguez wrote it. Would you like to know more about the author?
Yes, she wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction novel, would you like to know about similar novels?
Sure, here are some recommedations.
Yes, it is written by Jack London
you are welcome
I know she is a tennis player from India but I don't watch it much.
You know, I don't really follow sports. But I do know he is also a cricket player, he is also a musician, a model and a musician.
Glad I could be of help
Yes, he was. He was also the runner up for the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it's a Fantasy?
Have you seen the X-Men series? It's part of the same series.
The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott, Nicole Kidman, and Sam Elliott. Would you like more recommendations?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
It starred Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. It is a drama, do you like the actors or the genre?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Someone Like You which is a Crime Fiction Film
Yes, he did. He is also a producer and a director
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it was a very cool book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He directed Monsters Inc., starring Mark Waters and Jeff Bridges.
Yes, John Sayles wrote it and he also wrote Zombieland
It is a very good one. It was released in 2012.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and he also starred in Tin Cup.
Did you know Phil was also a member of Tiger Woods?
Yes I think I have seen it. I think it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
He has written In Cold Blood or Breakfast at Tiffany's among others.
Yes! Mickey Rooney also starred in the movie along side Meryl Streep.
Other movies that he has starred in include The Return of the King and The Lady in the Lake.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's considered a Self-help book and Entrepreneur as well.
That is correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese.
Yes I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Fifty Shades of Grey
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Science Fiction, and Action film. Do you like those genres?
Of course! Do you like this author because of the genre, it's a Thriller?
Yes, he did. Hell's Angels was directed and starred John C. O'Brien. Do you like action films?
It was a political Thriller, and was also classified as Drama and Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1997 and is a drama. Do you like drama books?
I would recommend Girl With a Pearl Earring. It is also a movie and was directed by David Fincher.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen either of those films?
The Mist is more of a thriller and was directed by Rob Cohen.
Great, do you like National Lampoons?
Great! I hope you enjoy Annie Hall if you do.
Yes, he wrote Angels & Demons and produced This is Spinal Tap.
Steven Spielberg directed the Bourne Legacy
It has genre Romance
Yes there are good action movies
good series
Welcome
Sure! Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it's a Speculative fiction?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Where the Sidewalk Ends.
Anne Hathaway is also an author, she wrote The Giving Tree and The Missing Piece.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes! He is a nice singer. Did you know he composed for We Rode in Trucks?
I don't know too much about his music but I do know that he has a song called Don't Go Breaking My Heart.
Yes, Eyes open and Love Story has genre Indie film
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It is a science fiction novel released in 1999. Are you interested in the genre?
Enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
Yes, it stars Woody Harrelson, Michael Fassbender, and Jess Harnell.
Yes, it is a musical comedy and also Michael Madsen plays the lead role.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare wrote The Name of the Wind.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Another book in that same genre is The Giver, The Long Walk, and The Long Walk.
Yes! He is a soccer player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, he is from England and plays soccer
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, did you know he is from Brazil?
Yes, I do. The team is owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier.
Not really, but I'm a fan of the Patriots. How about you?
Oh, are you a fan of the New England Patriots?
Would you refer I check based on its genre, or on the actors?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White House Down.
Yes, The Last Five Years is a Sci-Fi/Action/Mistery movie. It was released in 2011 and is a drama.
Sure. I would recommend White House Down, Vertical Limit and The Net.
I'd recommend The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete in India. Isn't he on the cricket team in India?
I know very little about it, but I do know that Raina is also a model. Do you know anything about it?
Yes, he is, and he is also a former world No. 1 in singles. I don't really know much about cricket.
He starred in Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987.
If you like the Uglies Trilogy, you should check out Pretties
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. I don't follow soccer much.
I didn't know that, I know he is also a midfielder on the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches the team. I think he also played for Manchester United F.C.
Yes he did and he also coached Manchester United F.C. I think you would enjoy that
Joseph Heller wrote The Odyssey and The Iliad. Have you read either of these?
He has written a lot of war books, including The Sun Also Rises, the Seabiscuit, and the Seaboard. Have you read any of these?
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, you'll like Fifty Shades Freed. Have you read it?
Bared to You is a Young-adult fiction book.
It was released in 2011
You are welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel and also in the Thriller genre.
You're welcome!
The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit, it is a historical novel. It is historical fiction and was released in 2010.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Taken 2 and Walking Tall. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it was written by Harold Ramis. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and it was directed by Peter Hyams
I'm sorry I do not have information on his work but i can tell you he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
Enjoy and have a great day
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer
It was released in 1974.
It's a non-fiction/fantasy book. Do you like those kinds of books?
No problem!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right! Mike Shanahan is a pretty good coach.
Yes, Mike Sellers is still playing for the Oakland Raiders.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Speculative fiction and was released in 1982. Have you read this book?
Yes. It has a couple good ones. It is a Thriller, Science Fiction and Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
George R.R. Martin wrote Snow Crash.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller starred in that.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Redmayne, and Ed Harris. Do you like comedies?
I recommend you Comedy-dramas.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
It was released in 2006, and was written in English.
It's considered a Thriller.
Glad to help
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Mark Wahlberg and Jada Pinkett Smith starred in Cutthroat Island
Cutthroat Island was released in 1995
Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLI.
I do not think so. They were runner ups in Super Bowl XLI and AFC. Do you like them?
Yes, the Steelers have been doing well this year. The Patriots and the Texans are also underrated.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
Yes. It was also a great watch. John Henry also directed Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information, but John Henry also starred in Machine Gun McCain. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, Judy Greer and Joaquin Phoenix starred in it. It's a very good movie.
John Powell also starred in Valentine's Day and The Secret Life of Bees.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She's married to Gabrielle Union. She recently starred in a movie called Good Will Hunting, have you seen it?
Yes, it was! It was also written by Steve Harvey.
Yes I did, it was a Sci-Fi movie and it had a couple different genres. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Some other great sci-fi movies are Zombieland and X-Men. Have you seen any of those?
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he is. He directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Sullivan Stapleton, and Sullivan Stapleton.
300: Rise on an Empire was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise of an Empire or the Ultimatum.
Yes she is. She is the lead in the character, Peter Mensah.
Eva Green was born in London, New York.
Glad I could help.
I know very little about them. But, I do know that they're owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. Magic Johnson is from Washington. Do you know if that's true?
That's very cool, I can't agree with you, but I have heard of it.
Sure. Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The version was released in 1980 and also came out in 1998. The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm sorry I do not have any other books that he wrote.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
The Sword of Shannara is a great book. It was written by George R.R. Martin and is a children's literature.
She wrote The Sword of Shannara, as well as The Lady in the Lake.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I do. He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I would have to say I am more of a fan of the United States. How about you?
Haha! I have never heard of that. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, He wrote Das Parfum, he also an author and a screen writer.
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like his books?
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer genre written by John Steinbeck, it is a Historical novel do you like Historical fiction?
Yes it is written by Anne Tyler it is a great read.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you she is the author of The Grapes of Wrath.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote The Champion of the World.
Happy to help you out!
Did you like the movie because it was a thriller, because it was starring Tom Clancy, or because it was a crime fiction?
Yes, it does. It also stars Patrick Wilson. Have you seen it?
If you like Helena Mattsson, you might like Good Will Hunting.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Cruise?
She also starred in the movie Seventeen.
Sure. She also starred in the movie The Sister's Keeper.
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot.
It is a science fiction film and was released in 2010.
Yes he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
It is written by Fredrik Backman
It was also released in 2012 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a action and adventure movie. It is also a fantasy.
Yes, The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Interstellar stars Chris Hemsworth and Leonardo DiCaprio. It was directed by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome
Yes, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
Zoe Lister starred in it.
She also starred in Funny Games , have you seen it?
Glad to be of help
Yes I do. He is a very good tennis player. He is a very good player
I haven't had a chance to watch tennis match, but never played in a sports. Do you have a favorite player?
It is! It's been a long time since I've been a fan.
Absolutely! Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
Pierre Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a Non-fiction writer and was released in 2006.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci Fi?
You may like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by Simon McBurney and has a genre of War and Action film.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote X-Men 2 and Iron Man 3. X-Men 2 is a good one.
I like drama films. Have you seen Speed Racer? It is a great one.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Godfather was released in 1998 and stars Marlon Brando.
Sure, The Green Mile was written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote Wolves of the Calla, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It was directed by Stephen King and is a Horror film.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
Well, she also wrote A Piece of the World.
Not sure, but they were both released in 2013
Will Smith stars in I Am Legend. Do you like that movie?
I am not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness which is a Comedy. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Pursuit of Happiness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
How to Train Your Dragon is a action movie and it is produced by Jason Reitman.
Yes it is. You should try Your Highness if you like adventure movies.
Yes, I think he is a very talented singer. What's your favorite song of his?
I like him better when he comes to music. What's your favorite song of his?
I do, but I haven't heard it yet. Isn't he a good singer?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960. Would you like to know more about the novel?
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by Harper Lee
Sure! Les Miserables is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. It's a really good movie.
Yes, you might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo or The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sure! White House Down and Beautiful Creatures are also historical fiction.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It's a Thriller
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, shes great
Kyla Pratt is also in The Deer Hunter
The Denver Broncos are 4th in their division right now.
It was really good, but I don't have much faith they will make it to the Super Bowl. It was released in 2017 and is a classic.
Cold Mountain is a War Film starring Bruce Willis. Do you like War movies or just this actor?
I haven't seen it but I did enjoy Shark Night starring Rene Zellweger.
Cold Mountain is definitely a good one. You may also enjoy The Pursuit of Happiness which is a Science Fiction film.
Yes I do. J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers and the Portland Trailblazers.
He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. Have you seen it?
Ronan Bennett starred in Public Enemies. Do you like dramas?
Oh yes, Johnny Depp has been in The Rum Diary, The Rum Diary, The Rum Diary, The Rum Diary
Oh yes, he was also in The Rum Diary which is crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh, it's a good one! I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out soon.
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Do you like Superhero movies?
It was released in 1987. Have you seen the movie?
Glad I could help.
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
Yes, he was. It's a great movie with Harrison Ford.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Supremacy, The Swan Thieves, and The Lone Ranger. Have you read any of these?
Yes, do you like Peter Pan because it's a drama?
It's children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
Yea, I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
VIn is also a crime movie. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
I will. Enjoy!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Favreau. Have you read this book?
Yes it did and he also starred in a movie called Made which is a comedy.
Yes that's right and also a comedy-drama. Have you seen that?
Yes and he also starred in The Three Musketeers
Yes she did, along with Selena Gomez
The Gazebo is a good drama
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is 40 as well as Children's Literature and Thriller. Do either of those interest you?
Sure. It stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a Biographical Film and was directed by Peter Hyams
Sure, I see that Seth MacFarlane was a Television producer and director
Skyfall is a science fiction action film released in 2012. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Rory Kinnear was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Mark Wahlberg produced this movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It is a Romance and Drama film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would recommend Adventure.
Sure, enjoy!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
Oh, that's a good one. She also wrote Wicked Lovely which is also a mystery. I think you will enjoy it.
I am afraid I do not have any other recommendations for Janet Evanovich, but I can recommend other books by him.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure, he directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is a Thriller and was released in Russell. You should check it out.
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it, right?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's cool. He was a pretty good writer as well. Did you know he was also an actor? He was also a teacher.
That came out in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
2004. It was released many years after World War Z. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? It's a great movie.
Great. Do you like it because it's a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
I hope you have a good day!
Yes I do! My favorite book written by Rufus Beck was Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban.
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endehner.
Mission: Impossible is a war movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like movies in this genre?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise but I do know that he acted in Days of Thunder.
Happy to help
your welcome
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! Did you know he's friends with Cameron Diaz?
Yes I have and he also wrote Beastly. Do you like his movies?
Yes it is and Rashida Jones is in it too. I do like dramas.
Yes it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is also a great movie
Yes Sneakers is a comedy/crime and it is also a Thriller.
I know that Javier Hernández Balcázar is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the Mexico national team.
Yes, Ryan Giggs is also a midfielder as well.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read this book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and Diario de um Mago was released in 1988.
Yes. Onze minutos is a Portuguese literature written in 1897. He also wrote The Red Pony.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that's correct! Did you know she starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for FC Bayern Munich II
A little bit, they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Do you watch them play ?
I like to watch football and baseball. I like the New England Patriots. How about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book and movie. The invention of wings is a book written by William Weaver.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a very good actor. Do you like action movies? You might want to check out The Pink Panther.
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The Perfect Score, and How to Train Your Dragon.
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The Shining, The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I'm always happy to help!
I like them better when Jason Witten is playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I have not seen it and it's pretty good and is a Patriots fan. I don't know about it, though.
Yes, and it's a great movie! It was directed by Kevin Preston and is a Thriller.
I also enjoy Horton Hears a Who!
He starred in Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
It is a Thriller and was released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was released in 2014. Are you interested in hearing about other books by R.J. Palacio?
Yes. It was also released that year
Would you like to know about other books released in 2014?
It was also released in 2014
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What's your favorite of his movies?
Yes, they both starred in Wild Things
Yes. She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She also wrote The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
Yes. It was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes. If you enjoy romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Yes, she starred in Ghostbusters II which is a Thriller.
Tower Heist is a Thriller and Science Fiction movie. Do you like those genres?
Tower Heist is a drama and a comedy. Do you like those?
Have you seen The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas?
She wrote оскресение and нна и мир.
Yes, Tolstoys War is written in English, and he also wrote Tolstoy's War, too.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a good movie. It stars Orlando Bloom and has a genre of Fantasy. Is that your favorite genre?
Yes! He also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Are you referring to the book or the movie starring Kim Edwards?
She also wrote The Lake of Dreams and the Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
It is. Do you like fiction? She wrote Lake of Dreams.
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen those?
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in What's Your Number.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other works by him?
Yes, it is. Ernest also wrote To Have and Have Not. Have you read that one?
Glad I could help.
Glad I could help.
Not much, I know that he is a Swiss professional tennis player from Switzerland. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a fan. I do like tennis. Do you like any other sports?
Yes, he has competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2008 and is a fiction/fantasy book.
You're not sure about that. There is another movie in the series called World Without End.
Enjoy!
Which genre are you interested in?
It is also considered a comedy-drama.
Shelley Duvall is the author and it is also fiction.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a romance movie?
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and Unforgiven. Both great movies.
Glad to help!
Sure! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did. If you enjoy vampires, you may want to try Twilight.
Yes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun about Frankenstein.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There is one of Neil Gaiman's books, The Graveyard Book, and The End of the Affair.
Glad to help!
Lois Lowry wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Are you interested in that?
It's considered Speculative fiction and was released in 1985.
It was released in 1990 and is also science fiction.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other films he worked on?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Glenn, Scott Glenn, and Richard Montoya.
Warcraft is also a drama film. It has a genre of Adventure and Comedy.
Yes, I do. The team is owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier.
I hope the Patriots will make it to the Super Bowl XLVIII and their coach Pete Carroll.
I do like the Cowboys. Do you like the New England Patriots?
I've been to a Miami Marlins game and it was very entertaining live.
Sure! Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it is an adventure movie?
Steven Spielberg directed the movie and he also directed Star Wars
I'm not seeing any other movies he directed but I do know that he also directed A Bug's Life starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, it is starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like them?
Yes, I have heard he is also in The Scarlatti starring Chris Hemsworth and Curtis O'Hare
I haven't seen it but I have heard it's a good one with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth.
Yes, J.R.R.R. also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
John Lee Hancock starred in Mirror Mirror and Mirror Mirror.
Hugh Jackman starred in Grimm's Tales.
He starred in Green Zone with Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
No, but I have read The Titan's Curse and The Son of Sobek.
It's a Historical period drama, as well as The Titan's Curse and The Son of Sobek.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
She starred in Water for Elephants which is a biographical film and she also starred in Water for Elephants.
Sure! She wrote Water for Elephants which is a Historical period drama and also Tropic Thunder which is more of a drama.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. But I know it is also a romance movie and it stars Nicholas Cage.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which is a psychological thriller. Do you like this genre?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
Yes, he wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Absolutely!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also in Deadpool. Do you like comedy movies?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like them?
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, Lebron James is a professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Yes, he did. He was a former world No. 1 in singles.
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction by John Green, is that what you are looking for?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens. Are you interested in the author?
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness, Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and it is a drama/romance and was released in 1999.
It was released in 2003 and stars Matt Damon and Marla Sokolon.
Enjoy!
Yes. She wrote The Kitchen God's Wife and The Joy Luck Club. Have you read either of these books?
Yes, it's a genre of both Fiction and Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is. Do you want to know more about Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford, Rosario Dawson, and Miranda Richardson.
I don't have any information on that one, but Robert Duvall did star in it.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you that Robert Duvall also starred in Catwoman.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Waters directed the movie Mark Waters and he also starred in Wreck-it Ralph
Toby Jones and Hilary Swank both were in it.
It appears to be a psychological thriller. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Youre welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. A similar title is Emma.
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Pride and Prejudice.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those books?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a book that was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites! He directed Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo. Do you like either of those?
If you like adventure movies, you may enjoy Akira Kurosawa. He passed away in 1998.
Seven Samurai starred Robert Duvall and J.K. Simmons.
I'm sorry I do not have a link to it.
That was a good one. It was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, 1862 is the same year that The Invisible Man was released.
That's right! He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Oh wow, he also wrote The Tragedy of Othello (The Moor of Venice).
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane also starred in the genre of Thriller
your welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Sure. Have you read Where the Heart Is? It's a fantasy.
Glad to help!
Yes! He is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you read either of those books?
Charles Dickens also wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Oliver Twist. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he did! That one was released in 1838. Have you read it?
That's correct! It's a play by Charles Dickens.
Enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California. He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I do not watch basketball
I do like to watch Basketball
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
Yes, it is a very good movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Sure, he also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi, adventure, and action film. If you want me to add both to my watch list, Hellboy is definitely a good one to check out.
Yes, she wrote The War of the Worlds and The Fountainhead. Have you read them?
Yes, he did write We Were Soldiers a fiction book
It was released in 1943 and it also has genre Speculative fiction
It was written by Gayle Forman who also wrote If I Stay. Have you read this one yet?
Have you read Wicked Lovely, this one is also a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Enjoy and have a great day.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in Kung Fu Panda 2 and Monsters Vs. Aliens.
He also starred in Starship Troopers and Monsters Inc.
Great! I'll add them to your list.
Sure, it was written by James Patterson and was released in 2001. Would you like more books by this author?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is also a Fiction book. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not a huge fan of basketball. But I do know that they are located in the United States.
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan. What sports do you like to watch?
I like football and baseball too!
I know that he is born in Delhi and he plays cricket, do you like cricket?
Yes, and Tom Brady is a great player.
That's right. He is married to Gisele. She also starred in The Saints and the Chargers.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a children's literature and a mystery
It was released in 2006, it's genre is Children's Literature.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by several people. Would you like to know more about one of them?
That movie stars Sylvester Stallone as well as Logan Lerman.
It was released in 1999
Enjoy!
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Have you seen the X-Men series, or Wildwood Dancing?
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2009.
She also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy genre?
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was from Washington, Pennsylvania. She was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them. I do like their music. They are very good at the moment. Did you know they were both friends?
If I Never See Your Face I don't think he does. He is a very good actor.
I'm not sure. However it is a drama and a mystery.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
Orphan Train is genre Speculative fiction and was released in 2013.
I would recommend A Piece of the World and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a Thriller?
Street Kings is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
There's no information for that. There is no information about that.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, have you seen Treasure Planet with John Lennon? It was also great Adventure.
Yes, she is a writer, a speculative fiction writer, speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, he did. It also stared Vincent Regan, and Lena Dunham.
You're right! I think he also starred in A Beautiful Mind, which is a mystery and horror movie.
Yes, and Zodiac is also a crime and drama film.
You're very welcome!
I don't really know much about Russel Wilson, but I do know he's a comedian.
Yes he does. I don't like football either.
Not at all. But I like Drew Brees, and Drew Brees.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed and produced The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen either of these?
Ponyo stars Keira Knightley and Emilio Estevez. Have you seen either of these actors?
It also stars Martijn Lakemeier and Princess Mononoke. It was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and stars Matt Damon. Have you seen the movie?
I also like Unsolved mysteries. I think you might like that as well.
Wow, I'm sure you will love it!
I'm not sure, but it's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! That's a good one. Thanks!
I do. He is a great athlete. I think he's from Texas.
He also played for Oklahoma City Cheifs.
It would be a good team as well!
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen the first one?
Robert De Niro is also in that movie. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is also a film and it is directed by David Ayer.
I will do that! Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film
That was a great movie with Cory Hardrict and Ethan Hawke. It is a rom-com.
Kevin Corrigan starred in this movie as well
You're welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was a romance and action film. Do you like Warbreakers?
It was released in 2003, the same year The Moon was released
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is also a Romance film.
Do you like the book Ender's Game because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a science fiction novel. Have you read that one yet?
Have you read the Xenocide or the Wolf Brother? They are both Speculative fiction.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film O. Russell.
He did star in Three Kings
Youre welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I know he starred in The Making of Star Wars with Kenny Baker. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're quite welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was a really good movie
No, I do not have information about any other movies.
your welcome
That's a great one! Did you know that he wrote The Bluest Eye?
He also starred in Princess Mononoke. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. The Black Cat is a Fantasy. Would you like to watch it?
Oh yeah. That's a great book. It's about London.
You are welcome.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, they were alsodrafted to the New York Giants.
John Madden wasdrafted to the New York Giants.
I didn't know that. I did know that he is also a scientist?
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is! The Lord of the Rings is also speculative fiction and also speculative fiction.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of speculative fiction is The Return of the King.
I do not know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
They played the New England Patriots. Did you know that they were also a runner up?
It would be fun to watch. I would say gymnastics but I haven't had the chance to listen to Super Bowl XXVIII.
Sure, I can help you with Troy,It is one of his top films.
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It is a historical fiction film and is also a historical film.
United 93 stars Susan Sarandon and Michael Arndt. Do you like these actors?
Sure, enjoy!
Yes I do! It is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen Return of the Jedi? It stars Harrison Ford.
That's a good one. It stars Emma Stone and Charlize Theron.
Oh great! I'll add that to your list.
Yes! 50/50 is a Comedy/crime movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes he was, that is correct. he was also in Star Trek. Have you seen that one?
Olivia Wilde was also in it. It's a comedy.
True Believer is another good book by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
Nicholas Sparks is the author. Have you read him?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a teenager's book.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I love Wildcats! And Rudy was written by John Lennon
Oh yes, that's a great one. I think he was also in Couples Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by James Cameron.
Yes, it was also released in 1979 and has a Sci-Fi genre. Is that something you'd like?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Science Fiction movie War of the Worlds and Wonder Boys. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he was, also in Dante's Peak. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
I do. It was written by Eric Brass and also stars Morgan Freeman. I haven't seen it yet.
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, have you see Shark Night or X-Men 2?
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween tree which is a science fiction film
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
The Voyage Home stars Geraldine Chaplin, Leigh Brackett, and Leonard Nimoy. It is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like these actors?
You are welcome!
OK, have a great day!
Sure, have you see Gone Baby Gone or Unforgiven?
Yes, it was written by Jonathan Kellerman. I haven't seen it yet.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain National Team.
Yes, it's American football and tennis is my favorite sport. Do you know much about it?
No, I don't know much about him. Is he a tennis player?
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, he was a point guard. I don't follow basketball much. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did! That's right.
Yes, it is a very good movie. Memento is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Kurt Russell and Christian Bale. Would you like to know more about any of these actors?
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know he also starred in The Dark Knight Rises
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and the other LOR movies.
He also starred in Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle Earth.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
OK.
Yes, James Harden is a shooting guard, shooting guard, and shooting guard. He is also a shooting guard, and a shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes, you are right and i like Lakers too. Do you have a favorite player?
Harrison Ford and Shia LaBeouf. It was a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, You might like Kingdom of the Crystal Skull or World War Z.
Sure, Zoom and Sky High are similar movies
your welcome
Crescendo is a family drama book written by Paulo Cotto and is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush and Crescendo.
sorry I do not have any other information on Silence.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner. What else can I do for you today?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Happy reading
Absolutely! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
The Prince of Persia is a Romance and Historical period drama, as well as The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a good one, as well as The Night After Tomorrow and more. Have you seen them?
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Woody Harrelson, Shrek Forever and Jed Brophy. It is a great movie.
He also starred in The Last Dragon and The Green Hornet. Have you seen those?
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, it is a very emotional novel. I think it was a book that was made into a movie.
The author was Message in the bottle was published in 2003.
Sure. Nicholas Sparks is the author of Message in the Boleyn Girl.
Yes Charles Dickens wrote The Prince of Tide and The Sea of Monsters.
Glad to be of help
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller starring Zach Grenier and Mark Wahlberg.
It's a book that was written in 2002.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Sure, are you interested in other books written by Nicholas Sparks?
He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he did and it was co-written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Crucible, as well as The Time Machine and The Invisible Man.
Sure! The Crucible was also released that year. Have you read that one?
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes, they are. They have a pretty good quarterback and it's very excited about them.
They do have a good team and they're looking for a team to win. Do you have a favorite team?
Lolita is a romance novel written by Vladimir Nabokov. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1886 by Vladimir Vladimir Nabokov.
Great, I hope you enjoy it
you are welcome
Yes! I love his music. Did you know he was also in the movie Friends with Benefits?
Yes! Jessica Biel also starred in Moneyball. Have you seen that?
Yes I have. It was a great comedy and also a good movie. You should check it out
They were written by John Tiffany
She wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm. Have you read any of those?
She wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
That was a autobiography that was made into a movie. Do you like Autobiographies?
Sorry, I don't have that information. But, it seems that it was an autobiographies that went to film.
It was written by John Tiffany
Sure. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Casual Vacancy.
Sorry, I can't find that information. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I do not have the information for it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem. Glad to help.
Total Recall is in the genre of sci-fi. Would you like a movie with the same genre?
No. I do not follow football. I know he's a football player and I think he plays for France national football team
I don't know much about basketball either. I know James Harden is a Midfielder and a Forward.
No I haven't. Is it a Comedy?
Nope. I'm sorry I do not watch American TV.
No, I'll have to watch them tonight.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Inception is written by Christopher Nolan
Yes, she did. She also starred in United Kingdom.
Enigma was released in 2005 and was also a film directed by David Fincher.
You got it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like that one, you should check out Rob Reiner's work. He also directed This is Spinal Tap if you haven't seen it already.
I'm not sure of ones he produced but I can recommend another movie he directed if you like.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
They both are fiction.
You are welcome.
Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a good one. She was also in The Muppets.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a drama or a romance film?
Yes, they did. The Red Sox were runner ups in a few world series.
Baseball is my favorite team. How about the Red Sox?
The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he is a very talented golfer, did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
Im not sure. But he lost to Roger Federer who was in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
That's true. He had a good career. He was a writer, actor, and athlete. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, The Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie The Truman Show, have you seen it?
Sure. The Heart Is Deceitfully a Drama and Thriller is also starring Veronica Cartwright and Sharlto Copley.
Sure, adding Trucker to your watch list.
I know that the Arizona Cardinals are part of the NFC West and are owned by Bill Bidwill
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York.
Not really, but I do like college football
I don't know much about him other than he's a professional football player. I think he's a great player
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they're one of the best teams in the world.
I don't really know much about soccer, but I prefer American football, you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson.
Yes, it is and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by James Dashner. It's also a Thriller.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. It is a great movie with Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton.
Have you seen Rainbows? It is also a Romance film.
Well it was also considered a Tragicomedy. I think you would enjoy it.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Great, if you like horror, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, both Zombieland and Jeremy Renner to name a few.
Enjoy!
Sure, there is another book by Lisa See that you may enjoy. It was released in 2005. Have you read it?
The Sheltering Sky is a Mystery and Children's literature.
I hope I have been helpful with anything else. Have you ever read Xenocide, Wolf Brother, or Witches Abroad?
I didn't know that! I have never heard of that. Is that a sport that you enjoy?
No, but did you know that Slumdog Millionaire was in it?
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also the same author
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a great play written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
Yes. She is a prolific writer who writes many plays. I am going to add some plays.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you be interested in other books by her?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he's a great singer and also a musician. Did you know he acted in Desperado?
I think I've heard of her and her sister, Anna Kournikova. Do you like her music?
Well, if you like dance pop, you'll like The Incredibles.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
In the film also starring Leonardo DiCaprio. The film has genre Thriller, do you like this genre?
He had a starring role in Richie Rich which is also a romantic comedy. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
Sure. He directed Old School, Wicked Lovely, and School Dazed and Confused.
Yes, she is in it as well. It is a romance and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
Swan Thieves is a speculative fiction novel like The Swan Thieves
I do not know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure thing!
Yes. He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
i didnt know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
i love football and baseball. what about you?
i have ever been to a professional boxing game and it was great live. who do you like ?
i love american football, i think hes a great player
I think they are a pretty good team, but I do not know much more about them.
The Georgia Dome is a tight end for the New England Patriots.
Me too, I like the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and was written by Marion Wiesel.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel. Did you know it was released in 1958?
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes, Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. He also starred in Chasing Amy, which is a good film. Have you seen it?
Yes William Lee Scott starred in it and it's a Science Fiction/Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. They work under multiple labels, including Warner Music, Universal Music, Universal Music, Music and Electronic Dance. Do you enjoy electronic music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
Yes, Coldplay is still touring, but it seems like a lot of people often forget about their music.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Yes, it is! But, I am not a big fan of the Cowboys.
Oh, I didn't know that. I hope the team is playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow! Thanks anyway!
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda. Have you seen it?
He also directed Horton Hears a Who!
Hotel Rwanda is an indie film and drama.
Enjoy!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2001.
It actually has a few professions. Beatrix is also a writer, film producer, screenwriter, and film producer. He has many talents.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author?
He has also starred in Wolverine, both X-Men and X-Men.
Turbo is a science fiction film and drama. Is that something you'd like to know?
It is a romantic drama. I hope you enjoy!
The Proposal is a romance and drama.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Are you looking for something like Alice in Wonderland or Adventure?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Anything else?
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you today?
The Incredibles was also written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia.
Zooey Deschanel starred in Ratatouille.
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Do you like Basketball?
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know it's a very popular sport. It's a great sport.
Football is my favorite! NFL is my favorite team!
I like basketball and baseball. How about you?
I'm a fan of the New York Giants. But, I don't really know much about them.
I do. Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Yes, she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
Yeah, I like her too, she is very talented. I also like her song Love Story. Do you know her?
Yes, she is a good singer. I liked her when she appeared on American Idol.
I do like heavy metal and rock. How about you?
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in this genre?
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose.
Great, perhaps you would like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac.
Sure, it stars Amber Heard, and Christopher Walken, to name a few.
Glad to help
Well, just that he's a really good golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's one of the best golfers of all time. Do you like golf?
Yes, but I haven't watched many golf games. My favorite golfer is Venus Williams. Do you like golf?
Serenity is starring Joss Whedon, Teresa Palmer and Felicity Jones.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
It's both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. It's also a film, but it's not as good as Serenity. Do you want me to play it for you?
You're welcome.
Yes, Michael Gondy is a writer, director and producer. He wrote such books as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Be Kind Remind starred Roger Allam and was written by Mila Kunis. Do you like the actors?
I do! I love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like all of them. I like Adam Levine and Adam Levine
Okay, have you been listening to Safe and Sound?
I agree. Did you know he was in The Wiz? He was amazing in that movie.
I didn't know that, it seems like it would be a science fiction film.
Oh, I will have to check it out.
He is a soccer player. He played on the Argentina national football team.
How are they doing this year? I prefer American football.
I do not know much about them, but I have heard he's a Brazilian professional football player, he's a very good player
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his movies?
Rob Zombie and Jeff Garlin are in it, do you like them?
You're welcome.
Would you be interested in movies starring Lea Thompson?
The Wild Life was a great drama starring Joaquin Phoenix and Larenz Tate.
It is a great movie. It also stars Joaquin Phoenix and Jason Bourne.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few. Do these sound interesting?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo
Hush hush is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Nick Cassavetes and starred Tom Hanks.
He also directed as well! Do you like animations?
I don't believe it did, but David Silverman also starred in Sci-Fi.
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is a drama/fantasy released in 1999. It is also a snowboarder released in 2003.
Yes! Rango is considered a action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
Would you like it to be based on Sci-Fi?
Ride along is a Thriller.
That is correct.
I'm sorry but I don't have any information on any of the movies.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction.
If you like that one, you should check out Wolf Brother. It's speculative fiction as well.
I can definitely recommend The Vampire Chronicles. It's a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins and is young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
The Passage was released in 2005.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a Historical novel. Do you like history books?
Yes, if you like romance you might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
I would definitely recommend The Gift if you haven't read it.
Definitely! Do you like the movie Orient Express because it's a psychological thriller?
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Do you like either of those?
The genre is science fiction and children's literature.
You are very welcome.
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure! Amelie was released in French and is a thriller. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Did you listen to it?
Yes, he is. He is a singer-songwriter and musician. Do you like his music?
He is with the Universal Music Group and that's what I'm seeing here
Marlon Brando has starred in a number of movies, including The Young Lions, The Wild One, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
Have you seen The Young Lions? It's a drama film.
I'd love to help! Viva Zapata is a drama, crime, and drama. She also starred in Donnie Wahlberg. Have you seen it?
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, he did
Oh he did a great job with NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Rob Zombie and Randall Park also starred in Machine Gun Guns.
Yes she was and she also starred in Butterfly Effect and The Skeleton Key
Enjoy!
Yes, Drinks are the only one I can recommend.
That is a good movie. It stars Tim Robbins and Charlize Theron.
I know that he's also a film producer and a musician. He was also in the HBO show Entourage.
Ok. You'll enjoy it.
Yes it also starred Joe Morton and was a great movie
Do you like The Dark Night because of the genre of Superhero or Crime Fiction?
I'd recommend Young Frankenstein. It's a great crime and fantasy movie.
The Fighter and The Dark Knight are both adventure films.
It is a blockbuster and stars Robert De Niro who also starred in Kill Bill
It is a good one. I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 2003. The genre is fiction.
The Shadow Rising was released in 1826.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one yet?
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way or The Manchurian Candidate.
Larry Crowne is also in it. It's a great family comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes. It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, and it was produced by Peter Jackson
How about The Mists of Avalon or The Green Mile?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard any of those?
No, but I like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like all of his music. What's your favorite artist?
Yes, he's a great singer. I think he's also a musician and a model.
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
I believe it to be a Thriller as well as horror
Wonderful. i hope you have a good day
welcome have a great day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogen. Seth Rogen also starred in that movie.
Funny people was released in 2004.
Yes! It is a very good movie. It is a sequel to Knocked Up and also stars John Lennon to name a couple.
you are welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football team. I don't believe he will be in.
Yes that is correct. That was a great year for soccer.
I do like american football. Do you have a favorite team?
I do not know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a writer and a musician.
I am not a huge fan of him. He has starred in several films. Have you seen them? He was in The Pursuit of Happiness
It's a drama and a comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Spike Lee directed it. He also directed Police Academy.
Sure, she was an actress who starred in the movie The Secret Life of Bees which is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
Rip Torn and Thomas Lennon both starred in that film.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she was in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. Have you seen them?
It's a Historical fiction. Are you into that genre?
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I love her music. I think she's as good as Selena Gomez. What's your favorite song of hers?
Yes, he did. That's right. I think he's a great actor. She's from Washington.
Ahh yes, I see. I also like Ashton Kutcher. He's a great actor.
Do you like this book because it is a Speculative fiction?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It's a mystery as well.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a mystery. Do you enjoy those types of books?
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
Stars include Xander Berkeley, Michael Byrne and Michael Fassbender
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they did. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XI, VIII and IX seasons.
Oh, I agree, they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Steelers were the runners up and the Patriots won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, it's a very good movie. Do you like movies with Kevin Spacey?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes I have and Tom Hollander is also in Unfinished Business.
I do like hip hop. Did you know Johnny Depp starred in that?
I like both of them and I also like Soft rock. How about you?
Yes it was. I think Unfinished Tales of Nmenor is also released that year.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes. Did you know that is also a young adult fiction book?
You are welcome!
That was a great adventure film starring Cameron Diaz and Kevin Costner. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Last Stand and in The House Bunny
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure! He wrote Teacher Man and he's a teacher.
The Dodgers are a professional American football team based in Los Angeles, California.
I can't remember when it was shot, but it's been a long time since I think it's a little dark.
No problem!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a Thriller?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
I don't have that information, but Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
You are welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz because it is considered Speculative fiction?
Yes she has a nice voice. Did you know she was in a couple of songs?
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Did you know that she also acted in Tinker Bell?
Oh yeah she is good. You should watch it.
Yes, Mac Miller did have a hand in life. He passed away in 2008
You're welcome. I hope you like it
The Hobbit was released in 2001 and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure! The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Kyla Pratt. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was also a good one. You should definitely check it out.
Yes, James Rodriguez plays for the Columbia national football team. He plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Football League.
Yes, I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
He plays midfielder and forward
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some Sci-fi movies include Zoom, Zombieland, and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Bill Murray, Tom Wilkinson and Debi Derryberry. It's a great movie.
It is. You should check it out. It stars Michael Shannon as well.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. are great films!
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and is a Drama/Fantasy. Do you like horror films?
I do not have any information on that. However, I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Pete Docter and was released in 2010.
The Great Yokai War also starred Charlize Theron and Andy Andy. Do you like any other actors?
Sure. You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. Would you be interested in other books in the series?
The Secret Life of Bees was also a children's fantasy. Do you like that genre?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm a fan, but I haven't heard much of her music. I'm not a big fan of her. I like Tik Tok, how about you?
I haven't heard it, but I like Electronic Dance Music a lot. Did you know she is also a model?
Oh, yes, she is from California. She has a great voice. Did you know she is also from Compton?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Donald Sutherland, Emile Zola, and Emilio Estevez.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also has genre Comedy and was directed by Richard Brautigan.
I sure do. Steve Jobs would be an actor, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Revenge of the Fallen.
SteveJobs is an American actor, director, and producer. He starred in movies like Creepshow, Wizard and Glass, and Wolves of the Calla.
It is a drama and adventure film.
You're welcome.
It's a good movie. It was released in 2004.
He also starred in The Longest Yard and in The City of Ember.
I'm sorry I do not have that information.
Jeff Kinney wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth : Set Decoration by: Edwin B. Willis
It was released in 2012
your welcome
I don't know much about him except that he's a basketball player for the Chicago Bulls. Do you like basketball?
I don't know too much about basketball but I know he plays point guards. Maybe he's more of a baseball fan?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. What is it about?
They're a pretty good team, but I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Do you watch them?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the New York Mets?
I like the Redskins, but I'm also a Red Sox fan. How about you?
He is a good soccer player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United F.C. Do you like soccer?
I agree! He's from Guadalajara!
Oh, I like that movie too! It was such a poignant movie about racism, don't you think?
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Perhaps you'd like The Scorpion King or The Legend of Tarzan. Both also great movies.
It's also a fantasy, and was directed by Stephen Sommers. Should I add it to your list?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Trainspotting is a English literature book written in English. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you seen White House Down? I think it was an Indie Film.
Great! I think you will enjoy it. Have you ever seen the Indy Valley?
Yes, it is a really good movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Sure, World War Z and White Fang are two good action movies.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure. P.C. Cast wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
Yes, they are both young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Urban Fantasy.
Sure! Other young adult fiction novels include Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Wicked Lovely.
Enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this novel?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thriller movies?
To Have and Have Not is also written by Ernest Hemingway. It is also a romance.
Glad to be of assistance!
The Patriots are doing okay. I prefer the New England Patriots. Did you watch it?
Not really, but they're a good team. They're a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII. It's a great game.
The wife is married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to Gisele Bundchen.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
It was a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Donnie Darko, Have you seen it?
The Town was directed by Peter Craig
Sounds good.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a Thriller?
Have you seen Transformers? It is also a great Sci-fi movie
It is a war movie starring Benedict Cumberbatch, William Hurt and Gwyneth Paltrow.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he also directed A Time to Love and a Time to Die Hard
Not a whole lot but I do know that Katy Perry starred in movies like X-Men 2. Are you a fan of hers?
That's right! I didn't know that. She also was a musician and a model.
Yes, I do. I really liked Russel Brand in The Smurfs. Did you see it?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Yes, I like him in 10 Days. Did you see that one? It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, that is correct! I haven't seen that one yet. Is it a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, it is a fashion movie and starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Do you like fashion movies?
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on that one.
I do. It was directed by Simon Wincer and is also a Romance film.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a sci-fi, adventure, and action film.
Have you been to several of his movies? If so you'll like The Looking Glass Wars.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Jennifer Lawrence, and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes he was. He's a writer and a film producer. Do you like Actors?
Enjoy!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
The Rum Diary is a good one. It's a children's movie with Johnny Depp.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Golden Fool. Have you read any of these?
Robin Hobb wrote The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or What the Dog Saw?
You are welcome!
Yes. Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information but did you know it was released in 1880?
Great!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012 and is in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas starred in The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, there is The Assassin's Blade and The Avengers. Do either of those sound interesting?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Mark Boal wrote The Hurt Locker and The Hurt Locker.
I agree. She was also in The Hurt Locker, The Hurt Locker, and The Hurt Locker.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Colombia national football team
Oh, no, but I do know Shakira is from Columbia. Did you know she was born in Bogota?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Carolina Panthers. How about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
I'm a fan of the France national football team but I don't follow much football so I prefer American football. How about you?
I'm a huge fan of soccer but I'm more of a baseball fan. What sport do you like?
Yes, he was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's a self help book.
i'm sorry there is no other books by him
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released that year
ok great read. Hope you enjoy!
Certainly! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you enjoy the director, or the genre?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie and it is also a Sci-Fi movie
Oh yes, I have read Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End and I will have to check it out.
Have you seen The Rum Diary with Johnny Depp?
Yes, it was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers.
The Manchurian Candidate was a great one. Have you seen that one?
Another great historical period drama is You've Got Mail. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like historical period dramas you'll enjoy The House of Mirth and Lolita.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
It's Young-adult fiction and was released in 2011. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is correct. Did you know that Tambourine McPhee is a musician?
Yes, he is. He is also a lyricist of sorts.
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox
Yes, and it also won the NBA Rookie of the Year award.
Oh, I do not know much about him. Did you know he is from Houston?
If you enjoyed The Island, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Sure, have you seen Zombieland? It is a sci-fi adventure film directed by Robert Rodriguez.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell are two of the actors.
Glad to be of service
Christian Bale starred in Harsh Times, It's a Action/Adventure movie. What is your favorite movie?
Yes, it was a great one. Have you seen it?
The The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale. It is a drama/romance and was directed by Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and the Serpent's Shadow are two good fantasy novels
youre welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for soccer and is married to Sergio Aguero.
Yes, I do. American football is a great sport also starred by Sergio Ronaldo.
I do like the Dallas Cowboys and the Texans. What team do you like?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, it was in English. Did you know that it is also in English?
Oh, ok. Thank you
Thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I don't watch much basketball but I do know they are coached by Steve Ballmer.
He wrote Candide.
I don't have the information for that but I can tell you that it was also a musical theater.
I do. The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson is another satire and was released in 1759.
You're welcome!
Sure! How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He also wrote the book The Tao of Pooh.
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great soccer player. Did you know he's from Liverpool?
Yes, he is and also is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C.
That's right! I don't really follow soccer, but it's in London.
They are a soccer team and Jose Mourinho is a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
I believe he plays for FC Barcelona, are you a soccer fan?
UEFA Champions League is a great sport to watch. It is a nice sport.
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
You might enjoy Will Grayson or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction would be considered a Drama. Would you be interested in some of it's genre?
John Travolta also starred in Reservoir Dogs.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for FC Barcelona and is a forward for soccer. Do you like soccer?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Most definitely. He wrote The Last Templar and The Last Templar.
It is in English.
There is a version of Marina in Spanish that was released in 1999.
No problem.
Baseball is not my favorite team but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East.
They have a pretty good team, but they're having a good season. They're also in the National League as well.
Yes. The Mets are one of the best teams in the American Football Conference.
I do not know much about them but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach
Marcus Mariota is a quater back likes the New England Patriots. But, I'm not a big fan of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like him?
No, but he was a Bengals fan. Are you a Bengals fan?
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Biography. Do you like these genres?
Yes, she wrote The Moon and More. Have you read them?
Sure, she has written a number of books, including The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
The movie is also in the genre of Thriller.
Yes he does, and it's a Crime Fiction as well.
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin, Thomas Hardy, and Margaret R. Higonnet. It was released in 1891.
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891 and it's a non-fiction.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman starred in She Hate Me. Also a movie.
Hope you enjoy them!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les Miserables. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is.
You're welcome!
I know he's a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Haha, I'm not sure. But I know Rory Mcllroy was from Ireland. I remember when he was with Tiger Woods.
Yup, they are all from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in Tron: Legacy. what else can i answer for you today?
It is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Glad to help, and is there anything else I can help with?
Glad to help!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
The Spanish Prisoner is a great movie. The Neon Demon is a thriller as well.
The Spanish Prisoner is a thriller and The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years.
Yes, it was a great one! I think he's also a musician and a model. Do you know any of his songs?
I like both of them. I think I like a couple of different types of music genres. One of my favorites is Ozzy or Metallica.
Definitely! It's a classic.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! Fiery Cross also has genre Speculative fiction, fiction and children's literature.
Sure! He also wrote The Sea of Monsters and Percy Jackson and The Olympians. These are very good books.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you enjoy comedy movies?
Zach Galifianakis wrote Old School
Old School is a Comedy.
Sure! Did you know he was a scientist? He's also a musician?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Luc Besson
It was also written by Hans Christian Andersen, who also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one yet?
Yes she did! That was also written by Peter Hyams.
I hope you enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe, released in 1513. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes he did write it in Spanish and it was released in 1992
Would you like me to add them to your reading list?
There are so many to choose from!
Up was written by Pete Docter and is a family film.
She also wrote The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
It is a crime and suspense movie
Have you seen Black Swan starring Craig Ferguson?
You are welcome
Steve Kubiak is their coach and they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
Stanley Kubrick
I don't have information on Hardaway but I can tell you that he was drafted to the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008. It's considered a science fiction thriller.
Great. Glad I could help.
Shaft and Maximum Risk are excellent movies starring Zach Galifianakis.
I believe it is a Thriller, but I'm not sure of the genre. It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. produced the film.
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan but I do know that they're owned by Bob McNair.
That's right. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Doesn't Randy Lerner play for them?
That's interesting. I was a Dallas Cowboys fan and also from Houston.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies. Have you seen this one?
I don't have any information on that
I'm not sure but it is a science fiction film
Yes he also wrote the book .
your welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is a speculative fiction book written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it was a book to read. It was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys is also a film producer and a film producer.
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure. Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like that genre?
Predators was also a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Captain America: Winter Soldier starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr and Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch it?
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie by Veronica Roth and was released in 2012.
Enjoy the movie.
Sure, it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are a couple different genres
He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is
You are welcome
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes it is. I am sorry I haven't seen it.
Yes it is! Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes! Bill Murray was also in it. He was a great actor
Yes, he was in many good films. He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Mask.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller, and Last Action Hero is directed by David Ayer.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. Do you enjoy sci-fi films?
Yes, it is. It's a science fiction film. It also stars Scarlett Johansson.
youre welcome. Enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like football and football, but I don't really follow enough to know about all sports. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I do not have the last score but I do know they were coached by John Fox
Did you know they were runner ups to many professional football teams?
I like the Steelers and the Chargers. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes I would! Outlander was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his works?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters.
Xeneo is also considered a series of sci-fi. Have you seen the series or the movies?
Great,
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
Oh, yes. That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee. Do you like that author?
Well I'd recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome
Is that a team name? I don't know much about soccer. They're coached by Louis van Gaal.
Well, it's been a long time since I've heard of this team. What sport do you like?
I think he's a guitarist and a musician. Do you know any of his movies?
Sure, One for the Money is a Science Fiction novel written by Kirsten Dunst. Do you like Science Fiction?
That was written by Meg Cabot and it is a r&b
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight. She also wrote The Chemist.
Yes, it is part of the series The Chemist.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller, starring Kristen Stewart, Tim Robbins and Denzel Washington.
She also was in Wreck-It Ralph! She is a great actor! She also voice acts in that film.
This is the End is a comedy-drama film.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a nice day!
Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, along side Sarah Silverman. Have you seen it?
She sure is! She starred on a few television shows like Valentine's Day and The Stepford Wives.
She also starred in a tv show called The Sarah Silverman Program. She also starred in Up in the Air and Monsters vs. Aliens. Have you seen either of these?
Sure! Ron Howard starred in A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen this movie?
Well, he directed A Beautiful Mind, have you seen it?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was released in 2017.
Yeah, he did. He directed it. It was released in 1981.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Another movie starring Angelina Jolie is Troy. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box and it was released in 2000.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and was produced by Stanley Kubrick. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars? They are both Dramas.
You're welcome.
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord. Have you read that one?
Tower of Dawn is in the genre Drama and Queen of Shadows.
Enjoy!
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, Ghostbusters is a Sci-Fi movie.
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on that one. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It actually is, similar to The Statement. Did you know that Beatrice Sparks is also a musician?
That's a great one! You are welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in the comedy Miss Congeniality?
I'm not sure about that, but Two Weeks Notice is a comedy-drama.
Enjoy
Yes, I do. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska. Would you like more suggestions based on this?
It's an excellent book. It was released in 2008 and is a mystery.
Enjoy!
Outlander is a science fiction book. Are you in to that genre?
Brave New World was released in 2014.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park was released in 2013 and is written by Rainbow Rowell
Yes, she did write My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories
Lola and the Boy Next Door is comedy
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Rumble Fish. That's a good one. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Treasure Planet with Joseph Gordon-Levitt?
I do! She's a great tennis player. Do you like her and tennis?
Definitely. Did you know Sarena is also a fashion designer?
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is it a comedy?
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Michael Caine, Adam Sandler and Michael Chernus. The Watchmen is a Sci-Fi movie.
Sure, it is a Comedy and also a thriller, but not sure of the genre. Watchmen is a thriller.
You might like The Skeleton Key or The Dark Knight Rises.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing.
If you're into Children's literature, you may want to try Undead and Unwed, Void Moon.
Yes, it's part of the series. If you like children's literature you should try The Martian and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Well, since you're looking for something in the same genre, I'd suggest The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a classic.
Sure, enjoy the books!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie.
It's a mystery, written by Daphne du Maurier.
No. I do not have that information.
No problem! I hope you'll like it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
Case Keenum was a defensive back and then he was with the New York Knicks.
Kevin Costner is their coach. Do you know anything about the Broncos?
I like basketball and football. Do you have a favorite team?
I do too! He's a great basketball player.
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he was a midflelder.
Yep! He is a midfielder and defender.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction books
It is also a Fantasy book, the next in the series is A Wind in the Door.
If you like science fiction books, I would recommend Xenocide and the Sea of Monsters.
Yes it was also written by Robert O'Brien. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite one by him?
One of my favorites is Roger Federer. I think he is friends with Dr. Seuss. Have you seen that?
Yes. I haven't heard it yet, but I will check it out.
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction and speculative fiction. Have you read this one yet?
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth is a science fiction novel and was released in 1994.
Great! You are welcome.
Great, hope you enjoy the book!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Have you seen Yellow Submarine?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is also a thriller. It is similar to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Logan Lerman starred in Zulu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
I do not have that information. Would you like some other suggestions?
Well, it's a great one for young adults.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about the book?
Emma is a romance novel written by Emma McLaughlin.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, a romance novel. Have you read those?
I don't know when it was published, but it looks like Lady Susan was actually released in 1817.
Glad I could help
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. Did you know that he is a scientist?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
The Red Violin was produced by Steven Spielberg and also stars Anthony Hopkins and is classified as mystery as well.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
