Sure, it's a great adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
It was! It's a great movie, have you seen it?
Are you a fan of Death Wish, The Hitman's Bodyguard?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Sci-Fi action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1929.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2012
You're welcome
I'm not sure, but I know that it was written by Bobby Farrelly
She's been in a lot of movies. Two of my favorites are There's Something About Mary and she's Something About Mary's That's Something About Mary's That's Something About Mary.
No. I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the novel?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye
yes she did and it was released in 2012
you are welcome do you like any other authors?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's considered a Romance and Action film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national cricket team
I don't know any on the players on the team, but I do know a bit about it, do you like any other sports?
Yes, he directed Pushing Tin and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it was written by Robert A. Heinlein. Do you like his work?
You are welcome!
Sure, have a great day!
I think he is a great basketball player but I'm not a fan of him. What do you think of him?
No, I don't know him. What is he a basketball player?
I don't really follow sports. I like Basketball. What is your favorite sport?
Oh. I'm not a huge fan of soccer. I think I'll watch the Superbowl for a while.
I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you? What about you?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Bruce Willis. It's an action packed movie.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He was in some great films such as Unleashed and The Swan Thieves.
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures? It's a Romance genre.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
The Game is a great movie! It stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. I highly recommend it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
I haven't seen any of them, but he directed several movies. Have you seen any of them?
Stephen C. Clarke wrote We Are Marshall. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
You should check out We Are Marshall. It's a horror film.
No, it is a Horror Film, but it also starred by Rachel Ward.
You're welcome
It was written by Laura Esquivel and released in 1989.
It's a great! You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October and The Return of the King.
The Hunted is a great Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Devil is a horror thriller directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this book?
Then you might like Tender is the Night. That's a fiction.
The Surgeon was written by Arthur C. Clarke. She also wrote a new book called The Sea of Monsters.
Do you like the work of Katharine McPhee? She wrote The Time Traveler's Wife
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Will do. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure! Unforgiven is starring Sean Penn. It's a great movie.
They are both Sci-Fi movies.
My apologies! I'm having trouble with anything else.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. Have you read either of those?
Yes, another movie Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games was Catching Fire.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't really know much about her, but I do know that she has had a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake, Jenna Boyd, Jenna Boyd
I don't have access to that information right now, but it is interesting to know that she was influenced by Sean Penn, and was a director as well.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he wrote his own TV show The Voice.
I know a little about him. He plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
Yes and he also played for Chennai Super Kings. Have you seen any of those?
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you heard of this book?
The Muppets written by Amy Poehler. what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls has genre Comedy. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
They are a sports team.
I don't really know much about them but I do know that they are owned by M. Night Shyamalan
You're welcome!
He directed The Wackness starring Jane Adems. Have you seen it?
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men: First Class. Do you like X-Men: First Class?
Yes it was. It was released in 2014.
Your welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3
Yes, it's a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
I don't really follow them much so I'm not a Packers fan so I don't really follow them much so I'm not a big fan of their coach, John Fox right?
I am not a fan of their name. I do not think it's overreaction so I guess it's not overreaction they have not heard of it's name.
I agree they have had a good season this year, what do you think?
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Avengers.
I think he's a great actor. He starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that movie?
It is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was. I'm not sure if he wrote anything else. I'm hoping I'll check it out.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a fan of the author, Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music is written by the same author as Odd Thomas. I'm not sure who wrote it but it's written by the same author.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Lord of the Rings, which is speculative fiction.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read that one?
Treasure Island is speculative fiction. Is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome
She's great. I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do like her song Super Bass. Have you heard of it?
I do like pop music. Do you like Nicki Minaj? He is a bit of a pop artist.
Yes I do, do you like Indie Pop music?
Of course! Something Borrowed is a book written by S.E. Hinton. He also wrote Beowulf. Have you read that book?
That's right. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Then you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Sure, I'm here to help.
Judd Apatow wrote a lot of great works like This is 40 , knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written and produced by Steven Soderbergh.
I don't think so, he did star in a movie with him.
I don't think so. He did direct a lot of movies. He's done alot of movies.
Groundhog Day is a horror film starring Ryan Gosling
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a composer and songwriter?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
yea hes great songwriter
I haven't heard any of Ryan Ross' music
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly
Do you like Matt Dillion because it is a thriller?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. Do you like books by George Orwell?
Animal Farm was also written by George Orwell and has genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, she's a great author! She wrote The Color Purple and Possessing the Secret of Joy. Have you read either of those?
Temple of My Familiar was in 2004
The genre is fiction
Your welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it starred Jada Pinkett Smith, or because it was a thriller?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or X-Men 2?
Lady Vengeance stars Rosemarie DeWitt as Lady Vengeance.
Oh yes, she's in a lot of Thriller movies. She's also in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is one of my favorites. Have you read it?
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang, Tom Hanks, and The Skulls.
Yes, he has written The Scorch Trials, The Maze Runner, The Puppet Master and A Christmas Carol.
I'm not sure about that. It's a Horror film, but I highly recommend it.
It is a Crime Fiction novel. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, it was written by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 1990.
Yes. Jurassic Park is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World.
He plays golf right? I'm not a big golf fan. Do you like golf?
I don't follow golf closely, but I think Rickie Fowler is from the United States of America.
Oh I've never seen that movie, isn't it starring Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller?
Do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings or The Fellowship of the Ring?
Yes, The Silmarillion is a book by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and starred in Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's also a Horror Thriller, and is written by S.S. Wilson.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about Joshua Leonard.
Are you a fan of The Lost World: Jurassic Park because it is starring Tom Cruise or because it is starring Tom Cruise?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland.
If you like X-Men, you might also want to check out Zombieland.
Sure! He starred in Jurrasic Park, Where the Wild Things Are, and Welcome to Temptation.
Surviving Picasso was born in Paris, Frances Mayes.
Joss Ackland is a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
The Little Prince is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great quarterback, but I don't really follow him. What do you think of him?
I didn't know that. Isn't that a romantic comedy?
He also starred in the movie The Devil Wears Prada. It was a hilarious movie.
Yes, that's a great movie! It's starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Me too! He also wrote Hudson Hawk which is a great film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films were written by him.
Yes that is a great film as well!
I know of Alien, it's a series of movies written by Ridley Scott. Have you seen it?
Shark Night is a horror movie. It's also a sci-fi genre.
Bats is a classic! It's part of the series. The first in the series is titled The Maze Runner. It's based on the original series of movies.
You're welcome!
He directed The Invisible Man, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Terminator is also a good sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
I don't have that information at the moment. However, he is a screenwriter and a writer.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Wide Window. Have you read it?
The End is a fantasy novel that was released in 2003
The End is a drama/romance that was released in 2003
Yes, I do. Do you like him because he's romantic with Cameron Diaz?
Yes he does, and he is also a musician.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Jonathan Kellerman. I think he was great in it.
Ok, have a good day!
Yes, I do! He starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
If you like Windtalkers, you'll like The Manchurian Candidate. It's a drama.
It's a great film. It's starring Will Smith and Michael Stahl-David. It's really good.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I think he's one of the best player in the Argentina national football team right?
I don't follow football much but I do know a bit about them. I think he's a great player.
I agree with you! I'm a huge fan of the S.L. Wilson.
Harry Potter and the cursed Child was written by Dave Pelzer
Jack Thorne starred in Harry Potter and The cursed Child. It was released in 2001.
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
Yes, they are in the colors Purple and Blue.
They are part of the NFC West West, I believe.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written in 2008
Yes it is. I highly recommend it.
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
What's your favorite song by him?
I haven't seen any of his songs, but I heard he's from the same place as The Weeknd.
You're welcome.
Yes, Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
No, The Boston Celtics haven't won any championship yet, but I can tell you more about their head coach, Doc Rivers.
It was the XXXII Championship.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight and also The Dark Knight Rises.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote Veronikaine, have you read it?
Yes рестуление и накаание is written in English.
It is, similar to рестуление и накаание.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by Philip Pullman? It's a fantasy.
I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's part of the series.
Glad I could help!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Dortmund team?
He is a German soccer player. He is from Germany.
You are correct! Yuvraj Singh is also on the team.
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of him?
A Corn of Thorns and Rose is a Fantasy book. Do you like this genre?
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
I would highly recommend The Assassin's Blade, but I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Sure! James Cameron directed The Terminator, The Abyss, and Avatar.
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
It came out in 2006 and also stars Tom Cruise.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great book! Did you know that she wrote Madame Bovary?
You should check out Madame Bovary if you like romance novels.
It is, it's considered a romance and is also considered a drama.
She wrote The Hunger Games, Mockingjay, and Mockingjay.
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that Venus Williams has won a few championships. Do you like her?
I actually didn't know that. I think MartinaNava was very talented.
Yes, I believe so.
Yes,He is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's interesting. Did you know he's from Hawaii? He won a few awards.
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but Reflected in You is a novel by Sylvia Day.
Yes, similar novels are; Xenocide, Wolf Brother, and Wuthering Heights
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
It's genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
It would be considered a good read.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The move Carlos is a 1998 thriller film also starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like thrillers?
Of course! It was released in 1994. Have you seen it?
Of course! Are you interested in other books by the same author, William Steig?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The System of the World.
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
It was released in 2014 and is a novel. It's considered a historical period drama.
If you like Fantasy, you'll like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
It was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
They fall into a thriller and mystery genre.
In Neverland is written by Marc Forster, it is a drama movie.
It was released in 2010
Sure thing!
You are welcome
Isn't he a writer who wrote A Separate Peace?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dunn has genre Speculative fiction.
Your welcome
Are you a fan of the author, Jane Austen, or do you like the genre Reference?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it's a historical novel.
It's a novel by Jane Austen, released in 1847.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Ok, How about Wicked Lovely or Wildwood Dancing?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it is a sci-fi film?
Sure, I can download Straw Dogs.
You are welcome.
Do you like Harry Potter or the Order of the Phoenix because it's a fantasy?
Have you seen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? That's a fantasy.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Social Network and The Notebook. Have you read either of those?
It's a crime fiction novel that was released in 1999.
It is crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure! Aylmer wrote мерт вана лиа.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина and аренина.
You're Welcome!
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Last Colony. Have you read either of those?
The main star in Red Riding Hood is Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
I don't have any information on anything else she directed, but I can tell you that she also wrote Snow White and the Huntsman.
He is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team.
He played for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team. He is a midfielder.
Yes, he is a top midfielder as well.
I'm not a fan of speculative fiction. I'm a fan of speculative fiction.
Yes, he was. He was also in a book called Safe Haven and it was released in 1999.
I agree with you on that. I think he was great in What's your number
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that's one of my favorites! Did you know she starred in I Heart Huckabees?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's a young-adult fiction book. It's considered a classic.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll is an author who wrote many books including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in Wonderland too. Have you seen it?
Are you into Children's movies? The Rum Diary is one of my favorites. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm glad I could help.
Is that a team coached by Ryan Giggs?
Of course! Manchester City has won many championships including the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final
You're Welcome!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote The Throne of Fire and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
I haven't read any of them, but if you like to read some other thrillers, you should read Shark Night.
It's considered a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpson's movie. Have you seen that one?
The Simpsons movie was written by Donna Woolverton. She also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
No, they are not the same genre. They were released in 1998 and 2000.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of him, but I do know he's an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I really don't follow it. I am more of a cricket fan.
Well, from what I've heard, he's an author too.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy genre?
Of course! Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Good Doctor.
Great, I will add it to your watch list, enjoy!
Yes I do it's written by James Dashner
The Death Cure is written by James Dasher
If you are into young adult fiction you should check out The Maze Runner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and was released in 2002.
It's very similar to Nanny Diaries. She also wrote Notes from a Small Island.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he does. He starred in a TV show called The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of it?
No, he did not starred in any tv series, but he did starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes, he wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you read any of them?
Quentin Tarantino wrote Grindhouse and Death Proof.
Have you seen Grindhouse?
It's a thriller and also stars Tracie Thoms.
It's a good one.
I think she's great! Did you know she starred in The Muppets with Sean Penn?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he did. In that case, he did a great job. I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
The Dirty Dozen also starred Scarlett Johansson and John Ratzenberger.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Good Doctor is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it. It is a great movie!
I'm not a big fan of tennis either but I do know that Venus Williams has had a relationship with Serena Williams.
Yes, she is. I really like her sister Serena better. Do you like tennis?
Oh, that's interesting to know. Did you know that Serena starred in Hair Show?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't think so. I think he is a midfielder as well.
I don't follow sports much but I do like American Football. Who is your favorite team?
If you like the work of John Hughes, I would recommend Sixteen Candles and The Breakfast Club.
Home Alone is written by John Shakespeare and the sequel is Home Alone. Home Alone stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Your welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I didn't know that. Is he a singer/songwriter too?
I agree with you on that. I think Selena Gomez was very talented.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of Fantasy books? If so I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, it is.
Yes, she wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Other Wind.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Radivo Bukvic starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If you like thrillers, you'll like Shark Night.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Other thrillers you might enjoy are Shark Night and xXx.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great book. It was written by Philip Kaufman
Way Station is similar to The Last Crusade
The Last Crusade is a historical period drama written by Philip Kaufman
Rohit Sharma is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
It looks like Rohit Sharma is an athlete who plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he does. He was born in Nagpur
There is a lot of information on that.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
The first one was published in 1987. Have you read the next one?
Yes, I believe it's a great book. I don't know much about them.
The author is Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Cement Garden.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read either of those?
The Quiet American is a novel and is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Without Remorse is a thriller and is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser. Do you like Thrillers?
Its a thriller
Matt Damon starred in the movie
That book was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Did you like The Help because it starred Tate Donovan, or because it was a drama?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that The Rocker was written by John Lennon? He also wrote The Help.
Yes, he did. If you like action movies, you should check out Toy Story.
Lady Gaga starred in The Muppets and also in The Muppets!
I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
The Client is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
The Firm is also a thriller, so you should check it out.
You're welcome
I think he is a good football player, but I don't really follow soccer much.
I'm not sure but I can tell you he is a Brazilian professional footballer
I enjoy football but I don't follow sports much so don't know much
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes it's a Packer so i don't know much about it either.
I don't follow soccer much, I'm not a big soccer fan. Are they a team?
Isn't David Platt still the coach?
I've heard they're doing good this season but I'm not sure of their coach name.
Are you a fan of voyages? If so I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
It is a mystery novel. Do you like mysteries?
Your welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes, Zoombies was written by Anne Tyler
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Yes, The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by Virginia Woolf. Do you like her work?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
I think so. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2009?
No, I didn't know that! She's a really good actress.
Oh, I didn't know she was influenced by the pop music genre, but I think I saw her on TV, too.
He directed The Secret Life of Bees, The Book of Mormon, and The City of Ember.
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Alejandro Amenábar.
You're welcome!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It's a novel by Charles Dickens.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. However, if you like novels you should check out Madame Bovary.
He wrote The Return of the Native and The Last Hero. Have you read them?
I don't have that information right now. However, if you like Malcolm Bowie, you might also like his book, he wrote Scarlett Johansson.
It's a romance novel written by Madame Bovary.
Well, if you like fiction you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
You're welcome.
Have you heard of The Sum of All Fears? It's one of my favorites.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Tale.
I am not sure. It was released in 2004.
It was released in 2005
Yes, he wrote The Road to Little Dribbling.
I don't have any suggestions for Gothic Fiction but I can tell you that Cormac McCarthy also wrote No Country for Old Men
John Travolta is the author of this book. You should check it out.
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1856.
Sure, he also wrote The Fountainhead, a romance novel. Have you read it?
No, Jane Eyre Affair is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
Yes, he also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Utopian, dystopian, and children's literature.
He is not known as an author but he wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I believe he is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He's a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I don't like sports either. I am a fan of hockey though.
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be a great team as well!
I do! O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist: The Tale of Peter and Paulo Coelho's works.
Sure, I hope you enjoy!
It was written by Rebecca Wells. She also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read it?
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
You're welcome
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass & The Assassin's Blade starring Sarah J. Maas
The Assassin's Blade is also written by Sarah J. Maas.
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
You're welcome
Yes I do! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi novel written by Rick Riordan. It's a Sci-Fi novel.
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
It is, it is also a Sci-Fi movie.
No problem, enjoy!
Are you a fan of Artificial Intelligence, or do you like the genre Science Fiction?
If you like Sci-Fi Drama, you should try The Assassination of Jesse James.
You are welcome have a great day
This is The End stars Evan Goldberg, Katharine McPhee, and Channing Tatum. It was released in 2013.
Its a Psychological Thriller and is starring James Franco.
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie. It's starring Vince Vaughn.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a war movie?
He has written several books including Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It is a horror novel. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome.
I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do know that he produced the Cowboys & Aliens. Did you know he was also a producer?
I'm not sure what is that about. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written and directed by Steve Oedekerk. Do you like his movies?
It was released in 2002 and starred Steve Carell
It's a sci-fi movie. It was released in 2000.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen either of those?
It's considered children's adventure. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Women of Brewster Place.
It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote Grindhouse.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes he was in The Kite Runner as well as The Rum Diary
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson does a great job.
Yes, she did. Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
You're Welcome!
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Christopher Nolan
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? It is a Science Fiction Film.
Morgan Freeman is the main star. Do you like any of the Star Wars movies?
Yes, it is a Drama. Do you like Dramas?
The Paris Wife was written by Paula McLain and it's genre is fiction. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun has genre Historical period drama, do you like that genre?
It's not new, but it's considered speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
She starred in Postcards and Paper Towns. Have you seen either of those?
That is a good one if you haven't seen it already.
He also wrote Out of the Dust! Have you seen that one?
If you like action, you should also try The Lawnmower Man.
I do, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall.
Yes, I do. The Godfather Part II, written by Francis Ford Coppola starred Robert Duvall.
Yes, he did. It starred Al Pacino and was directed by Francis Ford Coppola too.
He wrote Untamed: A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
Yes, if you like romance, you should try The Return of the Native. He wrote that one.
Yes, it's a romance novel by Gustave Flaubert. You should check it out!
You got it! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Sure. She's author of many books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Unfortunately, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by William Nicholson
Sure, there are no other children's books like that one. There are no other children's books like that one
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and is genre Speculative fiction
I think he's a good Quarterback, right?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite quarterback?
I haven't. Who is the quarterback for the Green Bay Packers? I think he's one of the best quarterbacks ever.
I'm not sure, but it could be a lot of fun to go on. I'm going to go with the Bears for a while.
Sure! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It's a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction book
There is also The Lost Hero written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, which is a crime fiction film.
It's a great movie! It also stars Steve Buscemi, Jodi Foster, and Dan Scanlon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It falls under the genres of Historical fiction and Social Criticism.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People was also written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Yes, he's one of my favorite songs by him, and he's a great song writer!
I'm not really familiar with his music but I've heard some of his music.
I haven't heard of any of his music but I think I have heard of some of his music.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote Murder by Death
Ok, you will like To Kill a Mockingbird written by Truman Capote. It is also crime fiction.
No problem! I'm glad I could help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is actually a book written by William Steig.
It's written by Rebecca Stead. It's a great book.
It's written by William Shakespeare and also a genre of historical period drama.
I love her! My favorite song of hers is What My Mother Doesn't Know.
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift either. I just heard about her when she was on the show Valentine's Day.
I'm not a big fan of her music either. I do like Pop music.
She starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries, among others.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like thrillers?
Coming of Age is a drama/fantasy movie. Do you like drama?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you he is also a writer.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Marley & me was written by David Grogan and also starred in Breathing Lessons.
Yes, Scream is a Horror genre. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I'm a horror fan. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a horror movie also starring Johnny Depp. Do you like horror movies?
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expedables. Do you like him?
That's right. It also starred Wilt Chamberlain and J.K. Simmons.
The book is written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
The genre is fantasy and adventure. Do you like these genres?
If you like young adult fiction, you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you heard of this?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Tika Sumpter.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
What do you think of him? He is a table tennis player too.
I don't really know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
I like them both!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers? You should check it out.
He directed the movie The Skulls with Leonardo DiCaprio.
I don't have that information, but The Skulls is also written by John Pogue.
You're welcome.
I know they are a German football club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal.
It's soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes he is
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete
I'm not sure, what type of sports do he play?
Sure, Clint Eastwood directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is in Million Dollar Baby. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Its a great movie.
Florian wrote The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Tukur.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller action film. Do you like those types of movies?
The movie stars Ulrich Mühe, Sebastian Koch, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
It was released in 2005. It is a historical period drama
The author of The Dead Undead is Frank Baum. It was released in 2003.
Glad I could help!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they're coached by Steve Kerr.
Did you know he was drafted by the Golden State Warriors?
Yeah they're great. I'll have to check out one of their games.
Jane Eyre wrote many books including Villette and The Professor.
Yes he has written many romance novels, one of my favorites is The Glass Lake
Have you heard of Xenocide? He wrote that.
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I enjoy watching college baseball. How about you?
No, I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
It was released in 2016 and is a genre of prose fiction.
Yes, he has directed many films including The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
1600. Have you read any of his books?
It is. Do you like Shakespear's Tale?
Sure. I will.
I know a little about him. He plays for Germany national football team and FC Bayern Munich.
Yes he is and he is also a midfielder and forward as well.
I don't follow soccer much but I do like American Football. Who is your favorite player?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No, I didn't know that. What else she does?
Yes, she does. I think she's a pretty good business person. I wonder if she leaned on her?
Do you like jaws because it is a horror movie, or do you like horror genre?
Yes, he starred in Jaws 2 and also in the sequel Jaws 2.
You're welcome!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Frances Mayes. It's a romance novel.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he starred in The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
The skulls genre is thriller and mystery. Do you like thrillers?
It is written by Steven D. Levitt
It is written by Craig T. Nelson and also stars Morgan Freeman.
Leslie Bibb also starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano.
I don't really know much about football. I do know the Buccaneers are coached by John Fox and I'm a NY Giants fan.
I don't really follow sports, but the San Francisco 49ers are a great team. What's your favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. What about you?
I can't seem to find that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you know anything about them ? I just heard they are very popular
Yes, I do. I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
That's true they did! They had a great coaching history. They were the Eagles vs the Eagles, I couldn't believe they did. What do you think?
I'm not a Patriots fan, I'm not a Patriots fan. I'm a Patriots fan. Do you like the Patriots?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote Murder by Death
Then you might also like Utterly Cold Blooded. It's part of a series.
Yes, it was. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Sure, Do you like Tom Skerrit or because it is a fantasy?
Yes, Garfield is in the comedy genre. It's a classic.
Sure, I would also recommend X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
They are pretty good. They are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not a fan of basketball either. I like to watch the Celtics game from time to time.
I'm not a big fan of sports but I do like the Braves.
Oh yeah. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great rom-com.
She was in the movie Friends with Benefits. She was also in that movie as well.
Ted starred Slaughter Wilson, She's a great actress!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that movie?
Yes, they were both in The Birdcage and Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
No, I don't remember that information. I do know it was made into a movie with Robin Williams.
Yes I do! I love that movie. I think it is a great movie. Do you like Pirates of the Caribbean because is a fantasy movie?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Good Doctor.
I'm not sure about Troy Garity. I'd highly recommend it.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Ryan Reynolds or because it is a thriller?
Sure, he also starred in Wolverine, which is a sci-fi/adventure film, and The X-Men Origins.
I'm not sure who else starred in Waiting but I can tell you it also starred Hugh Jackman.
You are welcome.
Sure, True Grit is a war movie, written by Joel Coen, and starring Matt Damon. Do you like war movies?
Matt Damon actually starred in Good Will Hunting and I Heart Huckabees
Matt Damon actually starred in The People Speak, which is a great action movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and was released in 2003.
He also directed Apocalypse Now and Slacker. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is also a Mystery and Richard Linklater directed.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
In the movie, King Kong was written by Steven Cummings, it's a thriller.
The genre is Thriller, do you like thrillers?
I think you would like The X-Men series, or X-Men First Class.
Yes, it's very good. It's a sequel with Leonardo DiCaprio and was released in 2005.
They are a sports team. Is that a sport team?
Is there anything else I can help with?
That's interesting! I think the Steelers have won quite a few Superbowls.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. Have you seen it?
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and it was a comedy.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The End. It's a great movie!
He's a great actor! Channing Tatum also directed The Green Mile, which was released in 2013.
It also starred Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling.
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Do you like Psychological thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in Wreck-It Ralph Fiennes.
Enjoy!
Wolf Brother is a good one. You should check it out.
Yes, The Lion King is one of my favorite movies.
If you like Thrillers, I would recommend The Mechanic.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Hancock stars Will Smith. Would you like to know more about it?
Will Smith also wrote The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
It is a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
I don't follow much but i know Fabrio Capello is also a midfielder.
I'm not a big sports fan but i know Fabrio Capello is also a midfielder.
Yes, that's a great suggestion. It's an excellent Christmas gift.
I really like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R &B.
It's been awhile since I've heard some of their music. I'm not too familiar with them, what's your favorite?
I believe so. I'm not sure if they were in Seoul. Isn't they a good team?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, and The Social Network.
Sean Penn and Todd Allen starred in it. It is a great movie.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
It is a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction books?
You're welcome.
Do you like Thrillers? Hellboy is a Thriller.
It starred Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome.
I know a little about him. He's an author who wrote many books including The Last Colony and Sin City. Have you read either of those?
I don't know what movies he's referring to but he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
No, I'm not familiar with his films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, he starred in the movie The Truth About Forever. Would you like to know more about it?
She starred in Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Joe Morton. Have you seen it?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a horror film. Do you like horror?
Yes, she starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Both are highly recommended!
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
Did you know that Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have not read any of his books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like Stephen J. Dubner, he is a great author.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I have heard of that one.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin. Do you like their music?
Its a drama, do you like dramas?
Yes I do, I like the voice of Woody Allen too.
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
It's a fantasy novel that was released in 2013 and is the second book in the Chronicles of Gods & Monsters.
I believe it was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're very welcome!
I agree with you, he's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
That's right. I didn't know that he was a point guard for them. Do you like basketball?
No, but I've heard he's been in a lot of movies. Do you like basketball?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof.
It's a horror starring Bill Murray. Do you like horror movies?
Sure. He was in Grindhouse, which was written by Rob Zombie and also starred in Zombie's Tale.
Do you like Big Fish because it's a family movie?
Yes, he also directed The Pillars of the Earth, Vol. 1: Days of Future Past.
Certainly, have you seen What's Your Number? or Waiting to Exhale.
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Zambezia also starred in that movie. It was released in 2002. It is a drama/mystery.
It's a fantasy movie, do you like those types of movies?
You are most welcome, please enjoy
Yes, they are a basketball team.
That's a great movie, too. Did you know that Glenn Morshower starred in that movie?
He also starred in the movie The City of Ember.
It is a Sci-Fi action movie also starring Glenn Morshower
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby.
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know she's a tennis player. She was born in Mumbai.
I don't follow tennis much but I do know that Serena Williams sisters are very talented.
Yes, I did. I've heard they are very successful in that genre.
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
It is a thriller.
Yes, he also starred in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt
Sure, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it is written by Stephen King and is a speculative fiction.
She also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and also a musician.
I'm not familiar with the lyrics. Is she a singer?
That was the same year that released You Are Not So Smart.
You are welcome.
He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like movies starring Edgar Ramirez?
I agree. If you like crime fiction you should check out You've Got Mail. It's a great crime fiction.
No they were not, but The Hurt Locker starred in Zero Dark Thirty. I highly recommend it.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is starring Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Sure. How about Toy Story 2? It's one of my favorites.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
Great. Enjoy!
Yes, he is the writer of the movie The Green Mile. Are you a fan of his movies?
It's a Romance starring Reese Witherspoon released in 2002.
It's a Romance. I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, the movie is written by Robert C. O'Brien and was released in 2000.
Yes, it was. Leo Tolstoy was the author of Theo Tolstoy.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Leo Tolstoy starred in Slaughterhouse-Five, which is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Twilight books are written by Stephenie Meyer. What do you like about it?
Yes she is a good author
You are welcome
It's a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Sorry I have no information about that movie. Can I help you with anything else?
The Hunger Games and The Book of Mormon are two of my favorites
your welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a great speculative fiction book.
Okay, if you like Zadie Smith, I would recommend The Temple of My Familiar.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
It is a science fiction film, written by John Carpenter, based on the novel The Fog. The book was released in 1985.
She's amazing! I'm glad I could help!
Escape from New York is a crime fiction.
Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Fellowship of the Ring.
Women in Love was written by J.R.R Tolkien
He also wrote The Iron Giant and The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Tom Berenger, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
Have you read the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door?
Yes. It's also in the Science Fiction genre.
The Maze Runner is actually part of a series, but the next in the series is The Maze Runner.
It's part of the series.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance drama. Do you like romance?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
I know a little about him. He's an author who wrote The Hobbit series. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote the Shatter Me series. Have you seen those?
This movie is Fantasy.
The Golden Compass is a good one.
the Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl who also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
Yes, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is Speculative fiction as well as Speculative fiction.
No, it is considered speculative fiction, so is Xenocide.
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Do you like Fiction?
Yes she did. It's a fiction book.
Yes, from the United States of America.
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes and it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes, have you read it?
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by John Green.
Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
What's your favorite book by John Green?
I'm going to check it out. Thanks for the information!
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read it?
I don't know any examples of the genre but it's genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie? You should try The Black Hat
Black Hat is also a movie he starred in , do you like speculative fiction movies
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes! Have you seen the movie starring Alex Angulo?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is also in the Fantasy genre.
Can I help with anything else?
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides.
Yes it was a good movie, do you like any of those people?
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote a series of books including the Vampire Chronicles
I don't know much about Frédéric Mugler, but he wrote        .     .  is written by .   .    .    .    .    .  is a good read.
I haven't actually seen it but I've heard it's a great book.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a drama.
Robert Duvall also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, it was. It was directed by Sean Penn who also wrote Into the Wild.
I recommend X-Men 2 if you haven't seen it already.
Isn't he a tennis player, right?
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Les Miserables is a book by Tom Hooper, released in 1862. It is a genre of historical period drama, do you like that genre?
Have a great day!
I think he is a great singer, songwriter and musician.
I don't have that information right now. What kind of music do you like?
I actually haven't heard of her! Who else is she?
Is there anything else I can help with?
The coach of this team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal.
Yes they have. They won the 2005 PGA Championship.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book, written by James Dasher. Have you read it?
The Maze Runner is written by James Dasher
You're welcome
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things and The God of Small Things. Have you heard of either of those?
It's considered a drama, do you like that genre?
Yes it was, I'm not sure if it was starred in it.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes, that was written by Sue Grafton. She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
Its written by Sue Grafton
i dont have information about that
She wrote a book called Dracula.
Nina Auerbach wrote The Invisible Man. It is similar to Dracula.
Well, she wrote a series called The Invisible Man. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
Yes, it's written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien
I can recommend The Good Doctor and The Fellowship of the Ring. Both are fantasy.
Anything else I can help you with?
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Oh, ok. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of them doing?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Emily Bront also starred in this movie. It's a classic!
It came out in 2007 and directed by Roland Emmerich. I hope you like it!
It's a historical period drama that was made into a movie. It's a great movie!
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which was released in 1931. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 1851.
I'm not sure, but The Waves was also released in 1931.
Enjoy!
I agree! Maria Sharapova is great. Did you know she lost to Sarena Wiliams?
She has played quite a few games including the 2007 PGA and the 2008 PGA Tour.
What is your favorite team?
Wow, I didn't know that! What other sports do you like?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Thomas Christensen also wrote Como agua para chocolate.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Great. Enjoy your book!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a superhero movie?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness in 2010
Your welcome enjoy
Are you looking for movies starring Dan Scanlon?
If you enjoyed Ryan Gosling, you should also try The Fugitive. Would you like to hear more about this one?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
The Dead Zone is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Romance Film also starred Robin Williams
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in The Post which is a Romantic Comedy
Unfortunately, I don't have that information right now.
Glad I could help!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, do you like her books?
Yes, it's in the suspense genre. Do you like fantasy?
It is a mystery and also starred by Pierre Perrier. It is a thriller.
I do! I'm not a huge Pete Carroll fan, but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll.
How about the Seahawks doing this year? Who is your favorite coach?
That is correct. They have a lot of unfortunate injuries and their stadium is too loud
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli, and it was released in 2002.
Yes, he wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't really know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's right. He's #1 on the WTA tour now. I think I'll have to look it up.
I agree. I like Roger Federer more than Rafael Nadal.
Mary GrandPre is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
Yes, that is correct. What Alice Forgot was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
They seem to be having a good season
I agree! I'm not a fan of the Cowboys.
Yes! Bryan Singer wrote X-Men 2 a sci-fi movie.
X-Men 2 was released in 2011. I would highly recommend it.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
Sure! Elizabeth Sherrill wrote God's Smuggler. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place is non-fiction book written in English. It was released in 1929.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you today?
You might enjoy the Martial Arts films, such as The Devil Wears Prada or The Way of the Gun.
Ok, anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie
Kathryn Bigelow starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, he was in The Wedding Date too.
Your welcome.
It was written and directed by Sean Penn. It's a great movie.
Yes, it's a great adventure film!
Yes, she was. It's an excellent adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, it's a science fiction thriller, do you like science fiction?
Then you might like World War Z with Brad Pitt.
Zombieland is starring Jack Black, who also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
It was released in 2006, have you seen it?
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown.
Yes, The Last Days of Dogtown is a very good read, do you like any of them?
You're welcome!
That's a great book! It was written by Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, Zoe's Tale, and Z for Zachariah to name a few.
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, it is genre Speculative fiction.
To Have and Have Not is a Romance Novel that was released in 1997.
Groundhog Day is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It has a romatic relationship with Cameron Diaz.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You are welcome
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. What about you?
It is starring Ryan Reynolds and is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
Green Lantern is a sci-fi movie. Other Sci-fi movies are The Avengers and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Yes it is! It's a great action adventure movie.
I'm not sure if she was in it but I'm not sure if she was in it, I'm not sure.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Chronicles of Narnia, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, Yonder Moreau starred in Micmacs.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
You're Welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is a book written by Neil Gaiman. Similar books would be The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and it was released in 2013.
Great, enjoy!
It's written by Joel Coen, he's a great writer.
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and in the suspense genre, too.
I'm not sure who directed it but I can tell you it was written by Art Spiegelman.
The Dictator is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
It is a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks.
No, it is. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
It was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote Before You.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides released 2012 and The One Plus You.
You are welcome.
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Count of Monte Cristofer and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, he was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo
Well, Monte Cristo also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo, which is a very popular novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Little House. Have you read those?
Yes it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Yes I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would also recommend The Last Samurai.
Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it does. The first one is titled The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Maze Runner is similar to The Hunger Games.
Shark Night is also a thriller, so you might like it.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Walking Disaster is a young adult fiction book. It was released in 2011. Is that something you are interested in?
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for murder mystery.
You are welcome.
The Matrix Reloaded is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you'll like The Replacement Killers or The Gift.
John Wick also starred in The Replacement Killers.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed You Lost me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
Yes she did. Do you like her music? She also does a lot of other choreography.
Ok, Australia is on the bucket list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen either of those?
Well, if you like romance, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
Yes, it's also a Sci-Fi movie, so you'll like it!
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
She also wrote the Mists of Avalon, which is also a Young-adult novel.
It was also written by Richelle Mead and it's genre is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy books?
Yes, he did
Do you like Tom Cruise because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Are you a fan of the Lego Movies starring Will Smith or Will Ferrell?
Are you a fan of Will Ferrell's work? He also wrote X-Men 2. That is an action/adventure film.
I don't think so, but Will Ferrell also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. That was also released in 2014.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, that's a great movie!
Ted Danson is a comedy-romance movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Swan Thieves and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Have you read either of those?
Oh that's interesting to know. Do you like books by Maurice Hindle?
Yes, they are actually written in English.
He wrote many books including Untamed: A House of Night Novel and The Name of the Wind.
It was released in 1856, have you read it?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856
I know they are part of the NFC South. They are coached by John Fox right?
I don't know much about football either. But the Cowboys are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I'm not a big sports fan either. I just know that he is married to a woman named Larenz Tate.
Yes, Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom's movies?
Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3 are starring both of them.
I hope you like it! It's more of a family movie!
Done! Enjoy!
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
I'm a big fan of basketball. Isn't he a basketball player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What team do you follow?
It's a science fiction book written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson has starred in several other Sci-Fi movies like X-Men: the Last Stand and X-Men: The Stand.
William Sanderson also starred in the movie The Client. It's very entertaining!
Bood Diamond starred Shelley Duvall and is a great movie.
If you liked that one, you should check out The Wolf of Wall Street as well.
Yes, he starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street." Both are excellent.
James Nesbitt starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Wimmer, do you like his work?
Then you might also like Fifty Shades of Grey written by Roger Bart and Richard Portnow.
Have you seen Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee?
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The Maze Runner and The Matrix are both Science Fiction movies
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of her. I think I have heard of her in a lot of hers. What's your favorite song?
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know some of her stuff like Love Gave to Me and Love.
Oh, that's a great choice. I think I'll give you a try.
He wrote The Soccer Player. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. It was released in 2002.
Yes. It's in Spanish. I'm not sure about it.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown.
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tenant
Your welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Untouchables
It's a mafia movie, but if you like that genre, you should definitely watch The World of Ice and Fire.
The Godfather Part II is written by Robert C. O'Brien and is a great movie.
It's a Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome
Yes, it's written by Preston and was released in 2011.
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Sure, I recommend X-Men 2 , X-Men 2 , X-Men 2
I'm not sure but the main lead in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is lead in that movie
You're Welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these?
It is a fiction book. Do you like Romance books?
I'm not sure about Fantasy, but I heard it was a good read.
I'm glad I could help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. The Golden Compass is a great one.
It's a great movie! It's starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
You're welcome.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romance novel, do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, she is a romance novel
Voyager is written by Amanda Seyfried
No problem
Yes I have. She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. Have you read it?
The Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1943
Yes it was
I am not a huge fan of football, are you a big fan of the Belgium national football team?
That's interesting. I'm more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I'm not a fan of baseball but I do know the Red Sox are my team!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
Yes, he's an actor who starred in many movies including Zero Dark Thirty and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I have. I've seen Full Frontal and It's a great movie. Do you like movies starring David Fincher?
He's been in quite a few films, including Full Frontal and Superbad, and the MTV Video Music Award. Do you like his work?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2010
He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and many other movies.
He writes a lot of children's literature.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
You are welcome.
Sure! She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read any of those ?
I don't have access to that information right now but I do know that they are in English.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes he is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes, Rashida Jones did! He also starred in What's Your Number? which is a biography.
You're welcome!
I know that he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
Have you heard of The Assassin and the Desert or The Sea of Monsters?
Yes it was a great movie, do you want me to add it to your list?
Your welcome have a good day
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in that movie.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Keeper. Have you read either of those?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a fan of the weekend but I do know that The Weekend is a romantic comedy. Is that your favorite genre?
Yes, you are right. I love Echoes of Silence too.
It was. It was so good that they had an earworm too.
I do! It's written by Matthew Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
The Brethren was released in 1987.
I'm not sure, but it was also considered a suspense book.
Yes. It was written in English and is currently in English.
You're welcome.
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who and Green Eggs and Ham?
The other books written by Seuss are The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who, Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Rick Yancey.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love his work. I'm a big fan of his work. Do you like the Voice?
I don't follow any of his music. What do you think of Maroon 5?
I do. I'm not a huge fan of X Factor but I've heard it's similar to X Factor.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's science fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it's written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of those?
If you like Fantasy, you'll like Gnomeo & Juliet.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Have you seen either of those?
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby
It was released in 1999
Anthony Hopkins also starred in the movie called Bobby
You are welcome
Have you heard of Wizard and Glass? It's one of my favorites.
Yes, that's right. The Absolute Sandman was a Science Fiction novel by Dave McKean.
He was influenced by Micheal Cimino, and Jess Harnell, the Absolute Sandman.
Yes, it's genre is children's literature, do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
It's a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
She's a comedy-drama, released in 1999.
Ok, I'll add them to your watch list.
Yes, it also stars Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine to name a couple. Do you like Thrillers?
Great, I think she starred in Vol. 2 as well. Do you like her too?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I think Bud Adams was influenced by the Navy, I'm not a big football fan.
I don't think so. I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by the Tennessee Titans and Tennessee Titans.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you seen that one?
Of course, if you like Tarnation and the Apostle, you'll really enjoy The Invasion.
Christina Perri is a Songwriter who wrote A Thousand Years.
yes that is true. do you like guitars?
you are correct he is a point guard. do you like basketball?
that is true. do you like any other sports?
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek?
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in the movie The White Album?
Did you know that he had a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake?
There is a movie called The Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien
Yes, he was in that movie too. He was also in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is part of the series. The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fantasy books?
Well, Then the Titan's Curse is part of the series. Then you'll like The Sea of Monsters.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's movie. Have you seen that?
Well, he also directed The Simpsons Movie. He did a lot of movies.
Then you'll like The Simpsons movie. It's also directed by David Silverman.
Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked
Yes, it was. If you like speculative fiction, you should read Twilight.
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout also wrote Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Day After Tomorrow. It's a great piece of work.
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet which was a great book.
The Bone Clocks is written in English. It's a novel in the English language.
The Bone Clocks was written in English. I'll have to check it out.
Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Super, which is a thriller. He also directed Super, which is a really good movie.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
He also starred in the movie Tuesdays with Morrie. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Okay enjoy!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing.
Yes, you are correct.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1598.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
It's not a sci-fi movie, but it's Sci-fi/Action.
Yes, he's good in it. I'm not sure if he's done anything else.
Another good choice is Gravity, it's Science Fiction.
I hope you like them
I am not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There was a popular one released in 2016 called The Assassination of Jesse James. Are you familiar with it?
I don't know any of them, but I'm familiar with some of his work. I'm not a fan of his.
I don't like them but I do like Soft rock. What about you?
Yes, David McDuff wrote рестуление и накаание.
Its a fiction book
Its a fiction genre
I think he is a great Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
He's also in the UFC 94, and was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you anything else about her?
He wrote A Brief History of the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
Sure thing! Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design, and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It's a great choice, as well as a sequel. It's titled Into the Wild.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. What type of music do you like?
That book was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to read other books by this author?
Under the Tuscan Sun was published in 1987.
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among others.
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller, Science Fiction and Action Film.
Underdog is a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
City of God is a Sci-Fi genre. Do you like Sci-Fi genre?
It is a drama/mystery starring Seu Jorge.
Yes. He starred in The House of God with Steve Zissou.
Sure, Jay Asher wrote The Future of Us. Have you read that one?
Then I would recommend "The Long Second Life" by Asher.
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2007.
Hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes she did. The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, City of Glass, and City of Falling Angels.
You're welcome.
The Swan Thieves written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a suspense thriller that was released in 2002.
I'm sorry I don't have any more info on that one. But I can tell you it was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
If you like suspense, you should try Without Fail. It's also a thriller.
You're welcome!
The Messenger is a similar one.
Did you know that Tate Taylor starred in this movie?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Have you seen it?
It's considered a Romance and Historical period drama.
You are welcome!
Certainly. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? Do you like his movies?
The Ghost is a Mystery and the Darkness is a Mystery.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes, she did
Brothers Grimm wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, and it was released in 2000.
You're welcome!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
Did you know that The Titan's Curse is also a Fantasy?
You are welcome!
I'm not a big fan of The Weeknd. I only know that he is a friend with Selena Gomez, but he's a great singer.
The Muppets film also starred Reese Witherspoon, who was in The Muppets too.
I like the Muppets too, did you know that one also starred in the movie?
I do! Did you know that she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, Will Smith starred in it and also it's a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, Michael Ealy starred in that movie as well. I'm not sure if he did.
Certainly! He wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen What's Your Number? he wrote that one. It's really good.
I think you'd like What a Girl Want. It's really good.
He's a great director. He's a great director! He's a great director! He's a great director! He's married to Angelina Jolie Pitt. Have you seen it?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, it does fall into the genre for this movie.
You are welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Pilgrimage and The Pilgrimage. Have you read either of those?
Yes. The Karate Kid also starred in the movie called The Devil Wears Prada. It's a great movie.
That one is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks, Teri Garr, Kirsten Dunst and Josh Brolin.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
You are welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter or the Order of the Phoenix because it's a fantasy?
They are young adult fiction movies
Other movies in this genre are Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
There are 5 parts of this movie, but i am not sure
No, I have not
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read either of those?
The Shelters of Stone is a Historical novel written in 1993.
Ok, Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i do for you today?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Sean Pertwee and Michael Shannon.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and The Giver.
Yes, he did.
Gautam Gambhir is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are both tennis players.
Wow, I didn't know he was on the 2006 Open Championship. I'll watch it tonight.
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Oh, that's interesting. I haven't seen any of them, but Michael Jordan was on Space Jam, right?
Isn't that a movie with Ivan Reitman?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm not a fan of their coach, John Fox.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan
It is speculative fiction
The Looking Glass Wars written by Rick Riordan
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
This Side of Paradise was originally published in 1987.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Devil Wears Prada.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you that Robert Duvall is also a writer.
Sure. Robin Cook is a young-adult fiction writer. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
Have you seen The Incredibles? It's very cute!
Yes he does. He voices a lot of people. I'm not sure if he has one of the voices.
You're welcome!
Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield. Do you like classics?
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like books by Jeremy Tambling?
Jeremy Tambling wrote the book called David Copperfield
Sure. Ed Sheeran wrote I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was. It's a great song.
Yes, he's a very talented person.
It's written by Kurt Vonnegut and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like to know more about her books?
The Thief of Always was written by Scott Westerfeld.
He has also written Brief Encounters, Brief Encounters, and many more.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Then you'll like The Return of the King. It's also fantasy.
I haven't heard of that one. I've heard he's quite good.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of the series.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
Yes, it is.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and André Téchiné
The Girl on the Train was written by Andrew Stanton.
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures? It was a great movie.
I'm not a fan of Sam Smith's music but I know he's a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I haven't seen it, what is it about? I heard he's good.
I do not really like her. I just saw her in a movie called First Man.
I do! He's a great director! He's written some great movies. Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada or The Little Mermaids?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. It is also a drama, do you like dramas?
Do you like Drama movies? You should check out Man on Wire.
You're Welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, it's drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have any suggestions for books in the drama genre, but I can tell you that The House of Mirth is also drama.
You're welcome
Mark Margolis starred in The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Garden of Life.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, it is! I highly recommend it!
You're welcome!
He wrote Harry Potter and The Colditz Story. Have you seen either of those?
Yes! He has quite a few choices, including Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. That's a classic!
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the High Castle and The City of Ember.
Sure, World Without End is a similar one.
You are welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It has the elements of a thriller, sci-fi, adventure, and action genre.
That book is written by J.K. Rowling, do you like her books?
J.K. Rowling wrote Harry Potter series
Sure! E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City of Ember.
Yes, it's in English. Did you know that it won the Goodreads Choice award?
You're Welcome. Enjoy
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like movies starring Matthew McConaughey?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen that one?
If you like Sci-Fi movies you should check out The Maze Runner.
It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine, have you seen this one?
Okay, if you like sci-fi, I would also recommend The Last Hero, have you seen this one?
I do! He composed We Rode in Trucks and We Rode in Trucks.
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music.
He wrote Law abiding citizen
Equilibrium is a drama, also starring Emily Watson. It's a thriller.
Great, I'm glad I could help.
You're welcome
Sidney Lumet is a writer, he wrote The Verdict and The Book of Eli.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People
It is crime fiction
The Selection is Young-adult fiction and was written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass' writting?
The Siren, The One, The Siren, and The One. Have you read any of these?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
He directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt. what else can i do for you?
Yes, it is also a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, Ethan Hawke also wrote Before Sunset.
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He did. He also directed A Fish Out of Water, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that's correct. He also starred in The Replacement Killers. Have you seen that one?
There was! I think you'd enjoy it!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
He is also an author as well. He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries.
Flannery O'Connor also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Rosemary's Baby. I haven't read that one yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, it was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. It was released in 2014 and is in English.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, essayist, essayist, and author. He wrote several books including Thirteen Moons and The Book of Mormon.
Thirteen Moons is considered a historical novel.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them. Are they a pop music band?
I don't know of that one. I know they are pretty popular. I think I heard some of their music.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he wrote a book in English.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Summer olympics.
No problem, have a great day.
B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday is an author who wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It is in English
I don't know of any by Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know he wrote a book called The Diary of Anne Frank
You're welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Nicolas Cage. Have you seen it?
Goodfellas is starring Nicholas Cage. He also starred in The Godfather.
Have you seen Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee?
Nicholas Cage starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson
You are welcome!
Do you like the Angry Men because it is a Angry Men movie?
Brad Pitt, Children's Literature, Children's Literature, Children's Literature
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
The team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Yes, I like to watch football movies. How about you?
I don't watch it much but I do like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Oh yea he's pretty good. I think he's a great player.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yes that is correct. Do you like action movies?
Did you know that Simon West also wrote The Messenger which is an excellent movie
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Do you like romance?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel by John Steinbeck.
Enjoy!
Do you like movies starring Stephen Chbosky?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Tom McCarthy also starred in Will Smith?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2010 and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi thrillers?
Gravity was released in 2013 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
You are very welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan, I'm not a fan of the Oakland Raiders. Are you a fan of the Oakland Raiders?
Do you like the Oakland Raiders? I couldn't stop laughing watching the Raiders.
Yes, I'm a fan of the Oakland Raiders. Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, starring William Morgan Sheppard
Yes, The Prestige is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
You are welcome
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It's a war story.
No, it is a war novel.
There is a war film. It is based on a novel by Joseph Heller.
You are welcome.
Sure! He wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Redeemed among many others.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Is it the book written by Charles Dickens?
It is. Did you know that it is part of a series?
Yes, they are both novels.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The City of Bones, which is a drama.
Cars 2 was released in 2004.
Of course, Peter Jacobson has a voiceover voiced the film.
You are welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of his but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere, who starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
She's a boxer and starred in Ocean's 8, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Denzel Washington is talented too. I think I'll watch this movie now.
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox right?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. They're my team!
It was the same year when Alex Smith was drafted by the Redskins
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Wyrd Sisters has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He is on the Golden State Warriors. I'm not sure of the name.
I think he is 47 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you should try The Silence of the Lambs. It's a great film.
Enjoy
Yes, I am a fan of the Transformers. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi fan?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie as well.
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in the movie Revenge of the Fallen. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Russell Westbrook is an American professional basketball player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles.
I'm not a fan of the basketball fan, but I do like Lebron James. What about you?
Yes, they were. It's a great game as well.
I don't have any suggestions about Hush but I can recommend you movies starring Chris Hemsworth.
yes, it is.
Yes it is. It was written by William Shakespeare
You are welcome, enjoy!
Thank you
He is a golfer from England. Do you like Golf?
I agree with you on that. I think he's very good at what he does but I am not a fan of golf though.
I have! I've seen Happy Gilmore too.
Well, I'm not a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Who's your favorite player?
I don't really follow football much either. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan myself. What do you think?
I'm not sure, but I do know they are owned by David Hypes
Yes, he wrote several things, one being Rayuela.
It was released in 1963, the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she also starred in the science fiction film The Giver.
I'm not sure what year The Giver was written. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you referring to the book written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
Your welcome.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen that?
Yes he did. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen that one?
I have not. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Sure! He directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct! Mandy Moore is in that movie. It's a great family film!
If you like Animation you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, he's quite famous as an actor. I highly recommend it!
Yes, he and Julia Roberts too. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
I do! It's a great movie! It's a classic! It's starring Steven Spielberg. Have you seen it?
The Goonies is a great Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it yet?
This movie was released in 1998 and also stars Robin Williams.
It was written by Margaret Stohl. It starred Russell Crowe.
Sure, Russel Crowe also directed The Beautiful Mind. It's a great movie.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy
It is a great movie also starring Marlon Brando and other Marlon Brando
Stanley Kubrick directed The Scent of a Woman.
Yes, Joe Mantegna is indeed the director.
He has starred in many movies. He's been in a number of films, including Scarlett Johansson, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Son of No One.
Witless Protection is a thriller and also starred by Richard Bull.
I'd recommend The Scent of a Woman. It's very good!
It's a great movie! It's also a thriller, so you should watch it!
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer?
She is a singer like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
I am not sure, but I do know she has a few albums.
No, I am not a huge fan of their music. I do like alternative rock though. How about you?
I do not really know any of their songs, but I heard they are very good.
I'm a fan of alternative rock. How about you?
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
I'm not sure, but I know that Samuel L. Jackson starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
He also starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath's Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was influenced by Sylvia Plath.
I'm not sure of his popular song, but Michael Jackson starred in The Wiz. Did you know he was in a lot of movies?
Did you know that Billy Jean also starred in the movie The Mechanic?
That's right. It's a drama/fantasy. It's a great book!
Sure, he directed Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Ben Stiller directed Zoolander. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
Il Principe was released in 1513. Would you like to know more about it?
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, and was released in 1513.
It's a classic! It's written by Niccol Machiavelli.
I know that he wrote The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
I'm sorry I'm not sure of the release date.
Yes, it's written in English.
Sure! Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The genre is fiction, do you like fiction?
Yes, it's a musical. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
It starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr and is also a psychological thriller
You are welcome
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
Wow he's pretty good. Real Madrid was coached by Fernando Hierro.
I like them better than they usually play in the sports.
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it starred Tom Hanks or because it was a historical drama?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp wrote The Cider House.
The World According to Garp was released in 1981.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A Fox.
Princess Mononoke is great. Do you like any of her movies?
It is a Sci-Fi/Action film that was produced by Gary Gray.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen Ocean's Thirteen? Or do you like action movies?
The Fight Club has a genre of Thriller and Fantasy. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have access to that information right now but I can tell you that The Fight Club is starring Hercules.
If you like Brad Pitt you should see Men in Black 3 which is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
It's considered a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies?
Simon McBurney also starred in What's Your Number? which is a Romantic Film.
It is! It is also considered a Romantic film as well.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you know if I can help with anything else?
That's interesting to know that he's from India. Have you seen any of his games?
I'm not a big fan of Lakers, but I do know they're coached by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It's a great book.
Louis Sachar also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Are you interested in either of those?
Would you like to know more about this book?
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure, but I think he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
They're in the NBA as well as the Warriors.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar. Did you know that Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar?
Yes, Vulgar was written by Kevin Smith and it has a genre of Science Fiction.
Sure. Vulgar is a 1998 American Crime drama film directed by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith directed it. You should check it out.
Sure, he's a very well known actor in this movie. He's a director, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter and producer.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer. I know it's a German football club based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
i don't really follow soccer, but i like the redskins. do you like any players?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered a speculative fiction.
Sure! I have listed that The Pillars of the Earth, The Omens of Fire, and The Pillars of Creation.
It is a novel with a mystery theme.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell and released in 1949.
It is a fiction book. Do you like books by George Orwell?
I don't know if he wrote any fiction novels, but he did write The Secret Agent: A Tale of Two Cities.
It is speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
It is a historical novel, do you like historical novels?
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
I think he is a great Quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
That's good. Do you like their team? I love Tom Brady! He's so talented!
Yes, I like Stephen Gostkowski too. I think he's on the team right now. Isn't he with Stephen Gostkowski?
I don't really know much about him other than he's an athlete that fought Oscar De La Hoya did you know that?
That's what I'm seeing right now. Can you tell me more about it?
Oh, I didn't know that. What did he do?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you read it?
The City was written by Philip Pullman.
The genre is science fiction
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and it's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
There's The Warrior's Way, written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen any of them?
Sure! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a Science Fiction film.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Andrew Garfield also starred in The Social Network.
Yes, it's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of the most popular self-help books is How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.
Yes. Stephen Covey also wrote How to Win Friends & Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller and Tom Cruise also stars in that movie. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Isn't he a rap artist?
I don't know much about Ziggy Marley. What does he do?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Ziggy Marley starred in the movie The Muppets. Have you heard it?
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Then I would recommend The Incredibles. It's a great movie!
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Have you seen Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee? It's a crime thriller.
It's a real serial killer. It's starring David Fincher and Zach Galifanakis.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and it is genre Fiction. Do you like fiction?
No, I haven't. I've heard of it. It's a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Circling the Sun was released in 2003.
No, it's in English.
I don't really know any of her music but I do know that she's a singer-songwriter and a singer. Do you like her?
I am not a big fan of hers, but I do know that she has a soulful voice.
I don't know any of her other names. I do know that she has a very good voice. I do know that she has a very good voice.
Yes, I do. I would also like to watch the show Idol. I would also recommend the show Idol.
If you like the City of Fallen Angels, I would recommend City of Bones and City of Ashes.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this story?
Sure thing! Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, City of Glass, and City of Glass.
No problem, enjoy!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix.
It is considered a historical drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in Waking Life.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. It is also a thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl stars William S. Macy, William S. Macy, and William Shakespeare.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a fantasy novel.
The Castle is a British book. It's fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies, starring Steven Spielberg. Have you seen it?
It also starred Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baldwin. Do you like Tom Hanks?
She wrote In the Woods and The Red Pony Tree. Both are excellent!
I am not sure, but it was in English
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection Stories. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
The Siren is a good one, as well as The Queen. The Siren is also a fantasy.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and a genre of Speculative fiction.
It was released in 1818 by Percy Bysshe Shelley Bysshe Shelley.
I don't have that information right now. However, Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man.
Yes, she starred in The Last Man in Rome too.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
No I haven't heard of that one. Can I tell you that The Fault in Our Stars?
I think he's a great basketball player. What do you think of him?
I didn't know Tony Allen was a point guard, but he was also a point guard
Yes they do, they are also a point guard
It's a great book! It was written by James Dashner. Have you read any of his work?
I hope you enjoy Way Station!
Yes, I have. Would you like me to send it to you?
Do you like X-men because it stars Ryan Reynolds or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Charlize Theron is in that movie. Do you like that genre?
Volcano was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2010. It's a Sci-Fi genre.
I have not seen Moulin Rouge, but I heard it was written by both Craig T. Nelson. Have you seen it?
Yes, they were both in that movie.
Missy Eliot and Janet Jackson are the female lead in the film.
Your welcome.
I know he is a soccer player from Portugal. You like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you? What about you?
I am not a big sports fan but I do know that they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I don't really follow sports, but I do like football. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I hope they have a chance. They have a good chance.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it's an action/thriller?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote A Thousand Years. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Are you a fan of Abigail Breslin?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Well, he's a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
Yes I do, I like their music alot.
I haven't heard of that one. Is she a good one?
Sure! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure what year it was released. I think you'd enjoy it if you like the genre.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead is also Speculative fiction.
I do not know who wrote Waylander, is there anything else I can help with?
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like Aladdin because it stars Bruce Willis or because it's a classic?
The Princess and the Frog is written by John Green
Your welcome
She starred in The Muppets and in The Muppets.
Yes, if you like that movie, you should check out The Edge of Glory. It's a classic.
That is correct. The muppets was a great movie, I think I have never seen it.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin. Do you like their music?
That's pretty cool. I think I'll have to check it out.
Yes, they did. It was a great trip.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The Road to El Dorado. It's a great movie.
Yes, she is. She starred in a few movies.
You are welcome.
Sure! Kahil Gilbran wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and A Fistful of Dollars. Have you read any of these?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he's a pretty good actor. He starred in Shrek 2 and he's friends with Selena Gomez.
Sure, one of his most famous songs is No One. Have you heard that one?
It is a pop music genre. Do you like that genre?
Isn't he a great actor! He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy. Have you seen that?
It is in the genre of science fiction
It was released in 2003
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama movie
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
The movie Red stars Bruce Willis and is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Mike Starr starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, if you like him, you should watch The Last Dragon. He also starred in The Mask and The House of Mirth.
It was written by Richelle Mead.
Great choice, he directed Shooter, written by Stephen King and starring Tate Donovan.
Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are the main stars.
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in The O.C.
Glad I could help.
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Then you might also like Catch-22 with Robert Duvall.
It stars Xander Berkerley, Eli Roth, and Liam Neeson.
Sure, Maleficent stars Vanessa Redgrave and Stephanie Sigman. Are you a fan of both actors?
Sure. She was in The Wedding Date, she was in that one. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Angelina Jolie Pitt starred in the movie The Bone Collector.
Yes, that was a good one as well.
Yes, but if you like Owen Wilson, you should try You, Me and Dupree.
I'm not familiar with the team he plays for but I do know he's a midfielder and forward.
I'm not sure, but he was a midfielder as well.
He plays on the Germany national football team.
Isn't he a player with the Portugal national football team?
It is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is the captain of the Portugal national team.
The Fellowship of the Ring is a Fantasy genre similar to The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
I'm not sure if they're more confused with Tom Cruise. He's in a lot of things but if he's done some other things.
Yes, do you like action movies?
I hope you enjoy it.
That's a great movie! It's a romantic comedy starring Zooey Deschanel.
I like westerns and comedies. Do you like westerns?
Then you should definitely watch The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you like murder mystery.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet but i know it was written by John Green
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these books?
She wrote a book called Tree of Life, which is a romance novel.
I'm not sure about that one. I can tell you that Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Darkness. It's a young-adult fiction.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like their owner George Steinbrenner.
I'm not sure where he's from. I'm not sure where he was buried.
The book Inside Man was a great book. It was released in 2004.
I can't find that information, but I can tell you that it was a drama/fantasy that he produced.
I don't have that information at the moment but he did write Tootsie as well.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was written by Steve Oedekerk
It is a comedy. Do you like that genre? It is also a comedy.
Do you like movies starring Michael Rapaport?
Yes, Good Will Hunting starred in Good Will Hunting, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is, do you like comedies? It also starred Matt Damon and Ben Affleck
No, I haven't heard of them.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
Isn't Joe Montana a big fan of the San Francisco 49ers? I don't know much about Joe Montana. Is he a good player?
I like the Steelers, but the Seahawks had a chance of getting back to the Seahawks.
The Throne Birds is written by Colleen McCullough, it is also a Drama, have you heard of it?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor.
She starred in The Wonderful World.
Your welcome.
Dark Lover is a vampire fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It's part of a series.
Yes, it was. It was also released in 2005 and is a mystery genre.
The Mist was also released in 2005 and The Maze Runner was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Maze Runner was also written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know more about that?
Sure thing!
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men: First Class and The Last Anniversary.
It's a horror film. It's a very good movie.
Sure. You got it.
Your welcome.
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall
Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig to name a few. It's a thriller.
She was in the TV series, I'm not sure what else she has been in, but I can tell you that it was a Sci-Fi genre.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Isn't he a basketball player? I've heard a little about him.
Cadillac Records is one of my favorites, have you seen it?
Lady Gaga has a talented voice. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and Smurfs?
No, I haven't. I'll definitely check it out.
The Muppets also starred in it with Will Smith. It's a classic!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
It was written by Christopher Paolini and released in 1895.
I don't have any information showing any other writers who wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome!
The Fellowship of the Ring is a similar movie.
He also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
I couldn't find any information on that, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Return of the King
You're welcome
I do! She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I'm not a big golf fan. Do you like golf?
I'm not a big golf fan, but I've seen Happy Gilmore too. Did you see that movie?
That's correct. I liked Hot Tub Time Machine too. Have you seen it?
He directed The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a fantasy and speculative fiction book.
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might also like You Got Served.
The Pelican Brief was written by John Grisham and it is a drama/fantasy starring Jack Black.
Definitely, Now You See Me is a Crime Drama/Adventure movie.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance or a comedy genre?
Have you seen Wicker Park? It's a great one.
Yes, it's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie Pitt are in the movie
Bradley Cooper has been in a lot of movies. One of my favorites is The Return of the Living Dead, which is a comedy drama.
Yes, he's in a lot of comedy movies. One of my favorites is The Hangover, you should check it out
The Light Between Oceans is probably one of my favorites.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama/mystery genre.
Have you heard of Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Lullaby was written by Jane Austen.
I'm not sure, but it is a book by Chuck Palahniuk.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it written by Mark Johnson?
She's good in it! Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C. series?
He also starred in The O.C., which is a really good movie.
Do you have a favorite one?
Sure! Rocky is a Horror film, written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Horror films?
You might enjoy the boxing movie, if you like sci-fi. It also starred Sylvester Stallone.
It is a war film and it was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Well, that's a good one. Then you'll like The House of Mirth written by Sara Gruen.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2004.
Your welcome.
I didn't know that! I think he's a great coach. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
I am not a big basketball fan. What about Stephen Curry is your favorite player?
Yes, he is one of the best players in the NBA.
Wow he must be good then! What is your favorite player?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is written by Mark Haddon, and it was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
Do you like The Godfather because it is a drama or crime genre?
Yes it is. It also starred Scarlett Johansson.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a very good movie.
Yes, The Godfather Part II is a great one as well.
I'm not a huge fan of her. But I do know that she's a great singer.
Do you like speculative fiction like this?
I don't really know any of the music by James Newton Howard, but I do know that The Assassination of Jesse Jame
It is a Drama, I'm not sure about that.
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Underworld is a science fiction book.
I don't have any information on any of her books. However, I can tell you that she co-wrote The White Queen.
You're welcome
If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night. That's one of my favorites.
Both of those are written by Stephen King and are highly recommended. The Amityville horror stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr and Dr. Dre
I'm not sure of the release date. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies such as How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in The Muppets too.
It was released in 2007.
Isn't she a tennis player from Constanta, Romania?
I know a lot about tennis but I don't follow enough to know much about it either. What sport do you like?
Oh i didn't know what she is. What about you? What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
Yeah, that's right. I liked Tuesday Night Football as well. Do you like superheroes like that genre?
It's called a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
127 Hours is a Thriller written by Danny Boyle who also wrote 127 Hours.
127 Hours is also a romantic comedy. Have you seen You've Been Warned?
If you like James Franco, you might also like The Incredible Hulk.
The Wrestler is written by Robert Wade and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie!
It's a mystery genre
Your welcome
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
No, I'm not a big soccer fan. What sport do you like?
There are many great cricket players, including Xavier Becerra, and Virat Kohli
The Chronicles of Narnia is a young-adult fiction book written by C.S. Lewis. It's part of the series.
The Silver Chair is written by C.S. Lewis.
It's considered speculative fiction.
You're welcome
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Girl Who Stood Up for Education.
There is a series of books similar to Peter Pan, including The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel
The Golden Compass is a good one.
I'm sorry I'm not sure.
Of course, The Sea Wolf is written by Arthur C. Clarke
J.M. Barrie wrote The Story of The Sea Wolf
Richard Pevear wrote рат овести, ов, and ов.
That book was also written by Richard Pevear, and it's in the genre of Science Fiction.
I'm not sure what genre it is but it was released in English.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods written by Drew Goddard, starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, she wrote The Cabin in the Woods as well as X-Men: First Class.
Yes they are. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Great! I hope you like it!
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie?
Do you like the superheroes of Superman v Superman?
Sure The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a great movie
Yes, Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
2006 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
The Blind Side is a great one. You should definitely watch it.
Well, if you like biographies, you should try The Blind Side. It's very interesting.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles.
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know that Venus Venus is also ranked in the WTA singles
I believe both Venus and her sister Serena are both in the WTA singles
Yes, it's a great movie! It stars Chris Hemsworth and is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I haven't seen any of them but I do like superhero movies. Are you a fan of Scarlett Johansson?
Yes, she did. I think I've seen The Other Boleyn Girl. I'll add it to your watch list.
I do! Do you like Huge Jackman? He starred in this movie.
It was directed by Ridley Scott.
It's a great movie. It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It was released in 2009.
Yes, it's a great movie! Do you like it because it's written by Michael Dougherty?
It is in the genre of Superman
You've Got Mail is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tom Hank also starred in The Messenger which is a Romantic Comedy
I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
The Deception Point is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like thrillers?
Have you heard of Transformer's Revenge?
what else can i do for you today?
Do you like Marley & me because it is a drama or crime movie?
It is, should be a good read!
The Wide Window is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2003.
I'm not sure about that. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, and Daniel Handler also wrote The Wide Window.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
I haven't read Outlander but I do know that it's written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
She wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I am not sure if she has written any other books but I do know that The Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo Vieira, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid.
I don't follow football much. Is he a midfielder?
Yes they were. I loved Ryan Gosling. I think he's made some appearances in that movie.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen either of those?
It's considered a sci-fi thriller. Do you like action films?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Gary Ross directed that movie. Do you like his work?
I love her music! Did you know that she starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
Papa Don't Preach is pretty cool. Who is your favorite singer?
Michael Jackson is a favorite of mine. X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
I'm not a fan of the New York Jets, but I do know they're owned by Woody Johnson.
I'm not a fan of football either. I think the Jets are having a good season this year.
Yeah, he's made a lot of money in his contracts. I'm not really a fan of football either.
He wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Costner. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure what year it was released.
Of course, I hope you like it!
Yes, I know they are a singer-songwriter and a musician. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard of them, but I do know they are very popular in the K-pop genre.
It's a great choice. I think I'll have to look it up.
Well he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about the comic book, or one of Ryan Reynolds's books?
I sure can! Eminem wrote 8 mile. That's a good one, have you heard of it?
Yes they are. They are both friends with Dr. Dre. Dre and Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did! It's a thriller, do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and also has a genre of Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and also has a genre of Science Fiction.
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of these?
It's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Little Friend. It's a great historical fiction book.
It's considered speculative fiction.
Sure, Michael Bay starred in Tombstone and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know any off the top of my head, but Michael Bay did direct a remake of Armageddon. I'm not sure if that is true.
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in I Heart Huckabees and True Lies.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he's an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
No, I'm not a huge fan of cricket but I've heard a little about it. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, I do like football. What's your favorite team?
I hope the commercials win. What's your favorite team?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Then you should check out Babysitting. Its hilarious.
If you like that movie, you should check out Toy Story 2 if you like.
Yes, they do. I hope you enjoy it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a great book.
It is a mystery genre
Stanlee was written by Steven Spielberg
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film and also in Memento.
It was written by Christopher Nolan, and it is a Thriller.
He wrote the movie The Dark Knight, which is a thriller.
Added to your watch list
I don't really know much about them, I do know that they're coached by Mike McCarthy right?
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I didn't know that. I just heard that they were a good team.
I don't know much about them either. I am not a big fan of the New England Patriots.
He wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read any of those?
I haven't read any of the books, but if you like Gothic Fiction, you should try Try The Last Hero, it's a great read.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but if you like books by Victor Hugo, you should try The Invisible Man.
Deadpool is great! Do you like Deadpool because it is a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Bruce Willis.
Deadpool was released in 2014. It's a superhero movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
Football is my favorite sport. Do you follow soccer much?
Wow, I'm a big fan of Soccer.
Yes she is. Did you know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus?
No, I haven't seen that one. Isn't it good?
I have. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
It's a great movie. It's a comedy-drama, written by John C. Reilly. Are you a fan of comedies?
I agree, they are both hilarious. I really liked The Fault in Our Stars.
I haven't seen it, but I'm sure it's hilarious. Do you like comedies?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is historical fiction.
Yes, it is. He's also a composer and a critic.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables.
The Kings Speech was rated PG and starred in the movie The King's Speech.
The King's Speech was released in 2012 and starred Tom Hooper.
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are they a good team?
I didn't know that. I think he was a defensive back too.
What a great team! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta both starred in Face/Off.
She's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
It is a great movie, have you seen it? It is a sci-fi thriller.
I agree you like Liam Neeson. He's a great actor. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes,He is an singer/songwriter who also played cricket
I do not have that information. I do know AB de Villiers was born in Mumbai. He is also a musician.
Isn't that a book with the same genre?
Yes, it's one of my favorite movies. It was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have. I have not seen it yet. Is it written by Hunter S. Thompson?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling or other fantasy books?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix? It's a great read.
Do you like the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the genre Science Fiction?
The Polar Express is a science fiction movie, have you seen it yet?
Yes, she did
Some of the actors were involved in the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Ryan Reynolds also starred in this movie
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
I'm sorry I don't have information on that, but some other science fiction movies I can help you with
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights.
Yes, it is. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Oh yes, that's true. I think he's a great writer as well.
You are welcome!
Yes. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was written by Winston Groom
I don't really know much about them, but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he's a forward forward
oh they are doing well
I'm not a big fan of hers, but I can tell you some of her songs are awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I have heard of her in alot of ways but haven't seen any of her movies I've heard good
Yeah, they are pretty good. I'm not sure if they got anymore info, but I can tell you that Skarsgard is a good actor.
Yes, I do, he's a great artist and writer. Have you heard of Desperado?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
I'm not sure what is her closest one? do you like her music?
I would. Do you like books by Elizabeth Bronte? She wrote Villette and Shirley.
It's a great speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre? It was released in 1851.
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss
Then you'll like The Great Gatsby
It was written by Robin Buss, and it is considered a historical period drama.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, do you like the author, St. John Mandel?
She wrote Last Night in Montreal and The House of Seven Gables. Have you read either of those?
It's a drama, similar to Station Eleven.
You're welcome!
Yes, I've heard the 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do. He's written quite a few books, including The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, do you like Rick Gravey's work? He wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson wrote a lot of books including X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you read any of his work?
Robert also wrote Time (Literary Fiction)
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Have you seen A Walk in the Woods? It is a historical period drama.
No I don't have that information right now.
Sure thing!
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
That's right. Songs of Willow Frost was a good read.
That is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. I haven't read that one. It was released in 1997.
Do you like the movie Batman Begins because it's a superhero movie?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a classic!
The Avengers is one of the most popular movies of the Morgan Freeman series. Have you seen it?
It is written by John Grisham. Do you like speculative fiction?
It was written by John Grisham and is considered a mystery. Do you like mystery too?
Have you read The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
Robert Wrote The Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She wrote the whole harry potter series.
it is young adult fiction
have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
they are thriller novels
your welcome
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
No, it was written by J. D. Salinger.
There are so many great books, but the most recent one is titled The Titan's Curse.
I do, he's a great actor! He's a great actor! He starred in Tombstone and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure what else he's done but Armageddon is know for sure.
That's correct. I'm not sure about that one. I'm sorry.
Sure! I hope you enjoy those!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree with you! Damian Lillard, he's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I think he was a point guard for the Golden State Warriors. What do you think of him?
He's a point guard, but I don't think he's a point guard.
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know much about them. Are they a K-pop musician?
I can't seem to find that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really like Pink. I think I've heard some of her songs.
It is written by John Green and is a great Speculative fiction.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2008
I would recommend World Without End, it is a very good read.
I'm going to try it. Thanks!
I'm always here to help!
Looper is a Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
yes what else can i do for you today
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a horror movie starring Mindy Kaling.
I am not sure if he directed anything but he did write A Beautiful Mind. He also wrote It's a beautiful Mind.
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America .
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're Welcome
It's a great book. It was written by J. D. Salinger.
Yes, it was released in 1961.
You are welcome
I think he is a great football player, but I don't really follow football much. What about you?
I don't know what year it came out, but it's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Yes it is. Virginia Woolf starred in it.
How about Afraid of Fire? It's classified as Drama.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of these sound interesting?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both fantasy books. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy!
Sure! It's a pro soccer team right?
I think the Saints are doing well this season. Who's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great author! She wrote The Hour I First Believed. Have you read it?
It's considered speculative fiction as well as speculative fiction.
Did you know that it was made into a movie starring William Shakespeare?
You're welcome
Well, I'm not a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Who's your favorite player?
I do. I am a Packers fan also. What is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, but the Seahawks will be a lot of fun!
The Outsiders is a good one. It's a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
The movie stars Steve Buscemi, Jodi Foster, and Dwayne Johnson, among others.
It was released in 1990.
You are welcome!
Yes, I do! She starred in a lot of movies. Did you know that she's friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, I agree. Did you know Victoria Justice also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman?
Yes, Zoey 101 also starred in Zoey 101.
Yes, I agree with you.
Downfall is written by Truman Capote. It is a war thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about Windtalkers, but Bruno Ganzes also starred in X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
The Catchter in the Rye is a novel by J.D. Salinger.
Sure, you'll like The King's Speech, it's genre is fiction. Have you heard of it?
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Daniel Henney and Damon Wayans.
Yes! It's also a Sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Mindy Kaling also starred in the movie Wreck it Ralph.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Miami Dolphins, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I am not a huge Cowboys fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Tony Romo starred in The X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Wes Anderson starred in Wes Anderson's Anderson starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. It also starred Reese Witherspoon.
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a professional Golfer from England.
I don't have any stats about him. I don't have any stats about him.
I'm not sure if he's a good golfer.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, In the Woods, and In Her Shoes.
It was released in 1931.
You're welcome!
Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans, who are drafted by them.
No, I am not a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Shelly Duvall starred in The Apostle, have you seen it?
Time Bandits is considered an action and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Oh yes, he directed X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also directed Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
It's considered a Tom Cruise action movie.
Frances Mayes wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
Do you need anything else?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she's very talented.
Did you know she starred in The Lorax too?
Do you like romance films? She stars in The Giver.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and owned by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about Rolin, but I do know that Tomlin starred in The Pittsburgh Steelers.
Yes, I really like Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
I don't have any information on any of her books. However, Shadowland was written by Alyson Noel.
You're correct. Also, Shadowland is written by Jess Harnell.
You're welcome
I think he's one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you have a favorite team?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao's work. What do you think about him?
It is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a drama.
The Maze Runner is a similar one.
I'm sorry. I'm having trouble getting that information.
You're welcome
I know that he is an author that wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, The Casual Vacancy was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like speculative fiction?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The Silkworm was adapted into a movie with a science fiction genre.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
It is considered a Suspense, Mystery, and Drama.
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you today?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon, who also starred in The Bourne Identity.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Then I would recommend Seabiscuit. It's a classic.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, which is a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, she was. If you like Johnny Cash, I recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Johnny Cash won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Of course, I think you would enjoy The Women of Brewster Place, a great Romance film as well.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote Tender is the Night.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee.
I haven't read anything by the same author, but The Sun Always Rises is fiction.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Spud is a Thriller
I'm not sure, but he stars in the movie True Romance
Rosario Dawson also stars in Spud
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 1987 drama/crime genre film.
You're welcome.
I sure do! He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
Rob Riggle also stars in The Hangover as well as The Other Guys. Would you like to know more about him?
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You are welcome!
Sure thing! Morgan Freeman starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen any of those?
They are both sad. I think Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption. I'm not sure about Ned Bellamy's work but The Shawshank Redemption also starred in The Green Mile.
Yes. He's very good in it. He's a great actor as well.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is an indie film starring Tom Hanks.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
In that case, he also starred in The Aviator and The Aviator.
That's a great one. It's a biographical film, with Tom Hanks and Tom Berenger.
I agree with you! James Cameron also wrote Titanic, and he did a great job.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance/Comedy/romance movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Well, from what I've heard, 50/50 has been around a while. Also, 50/50 has been around a while.
Sure. Vanessa Fertilio starred in How to Win Friends with Benefits. She's a great actress.
Don't mention it
Yes, they are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, they are a pretty good team.
I have. Do you like Stephen Dorff? He's one of my favorite basketball players.
Yes, I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The First Four Years to name a few. Have you read either of those?
Sure. The Long Winter is a novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wuthering Heights and Xenocide.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy it.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
I have not read any of his work, but I will check it out.
It is considered a historical period drama as well as a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It is also a play written by Robert C. O'Brien.
It was written by Dave Pelzer
It's written by Dave Pelzer, and was released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog, The Pacifier, and The Country Bears. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi starred in Underdog, and Jay Leno also starred in The Majestic.
It was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama. Do you like drama?
The main characters are Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
Then you should check out Beautiful Creatures
The movie was directed by Dan Brown
It was released in 2011
Your welcome
Sure, do you like romantic comedies? She starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and forward.
Yes, they are. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't think I heard Falcao plays for them. I think he was a midfielder as well.
No, I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Will Smith and Chris Hemsworth are in it. It's a Thriller.
That movie stars Yeardley Smith, Wood Harris, and produced by James Brooks. Do you like James Brooks?
It's a drama that was released in 1999. James L. Brooks also directed Terms of Endearment.
It was released in 1999 and also stars Tom Waits
Your welcome enjoy
I'm not a fan of the team but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan
The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Yes, I like watching the Steelers and Raiders.
Yes, she plays badminton and was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays badminton.
She did! That's awesome! That's awesome! That's awesome!
I like football. What about you?
He's from India! I think he was born in his own place.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Two By Two.
It was released in 2003 and is in English.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks contributed to the book.
Yes, he was.
Tony Hendra also starred in Slumdog Millionaire, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. It's a Thriller if you like Pulp Fiction.
Yes she was. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sin City is a great movie. Sin City was written by Robert Rodriguez. Do you like his work?
Sin City is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Gentlemen Broncos starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which is a great movie.
No problem!
Sure, it's written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, it was, have you heard of it?
Yes there was. It is a romance/drama film starring Kite Runner.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell and was written by Malala Yousafzai
Yes, he wrote Veronika which was released in 1993.
I'm not sure about that one, but The Alchemist is written by George Orwell.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a novel.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1910.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is similar to The Great Gatsby.
It was written by Edward P. Scott Fitzgerald, and it's a drama.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
If you want to watch a thriller, The Fighter is a great choice. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McPhee.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1856.
Sure, Villette and The Professor are some other works by her.
Villette is a Villette. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
It is. It's in the genre of Children's Literature.
Do you like it because it's a sci-fi film?
Yes, The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Steve Kloves and is a Horror film. Do you like Steve Kloves?
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Sandra Bullock and J.K. Simmons.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a singer?
AB de Villiers played on the South African cricket team. Are you a fan of his?
No, I'm not a fan of cricket but I heard they have a lot of good players.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) is written by Frank Beddor. what else can i do for you?
The Great Gatsby starred Gwyneth Paltrow and E.B. White.
You are welcome
You are welcome
Yes! It's a great book! It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Since you like that one, you should check out The Princess Diaries. It's very funny.
It does sound like a good one.
I haven't read any of the Red Riding Hood either.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's considered children's literature.
Sure, Jack London wrote Call of the Wild and called The Sea of Monsters.
To Build a Fire was released in 1905.
I have not read Beautiful Disaster. It's written by Jamie McGuire.
Are you a fan of speculative fiction novels?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Your welcome enjoy
Enjoy your reading!
Sure, Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of her work?
You are correct, do you like crime fiction movies?
It's a comedy with some comedy elements. It's a comedy too.
Your welcome enjoy
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill
The Bears are having a rough season. The Bears are having a bad season. Who is your favorite team?
Yes they would be considered a contender as well!
Beloved is a speculative fiction book by Toni Morrison.
Have you seen the X-Men series? That's very interesting.
It's a really good movie. Billy Bob Thornton was also in it as well.
I love her music! Did you know that she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is very talented. He was influenced by Virginia Woolf. Do you like her?
I agree. Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters. Do you like romantic dramas?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote One. It was released in 2000.
The Notebook was made into a movie. I think I've heard it's a good one.
You are welcome
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wilde and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Thriller, so I'm not sure, but it's a drama
No, it's about the Queen.
It's a drama, as well as crime.
Emily Blunt starred in 'The Queen'
She's been in quite a few. My apologies.
I'll send them right now.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who starred in X-Men 2 and Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious movie is starring Vin Diesel
It stars Fast and the Furious, along with Fast and the Furious.
Your welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a zombie movie or because it was starring Brad Pitt?
World War Z was also written by Max Brooks. He also wrote X-Men 2.
I have not watched that movie. Is it a thriller?
Do you like Michael Fassbender? He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Sure, he also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Incredibles.
You are welcome.
It is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like speculative fiction novels?
Then you might like Welcome to the Monkey House, The Sirens of Titan.
Yes. It is in the same genre as The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
Yes, he's also a point guard, as well as a point guard, as well as a point guard.
Oh, ok i didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer. I do not know much about him. Is he a singer?
I do not have any information on any of them. However, I can tell you that Sam Smith starred in a movie called The Things They Carried.
yes that is true. do you like any other writers?
I'm not a huge basketball fan. Are you a fan of the NY Rangers?
I didn't know that, did you know that The Madison Square Garden is a Historical period drama?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
Kevin Zegers was in that movie. Do you like him? He's hilarious.
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced American Pie. Are you a fan of his?
The Last Stand is a great one. Also written by Jeff Goldblum.
No I haven't. I'm not a Zodiac fan, but I've heard it's good.
I don't like him. I'm not sure if he's a good actor. I'm not sure if he was in that movie.
Oh, then I've heard it's a great movie. It's a sci-fi movie.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are coached by Steve Kerr and Mark Jackson.
Do you follow any sports sports teams?
Oh, I've never heard of them. I really liked it. I'm not a huge fan of the 76ers, but I'm a fan of Will Smith.
Oh, I didn't know that! I'm a big fan of Will Smith. I'm a big fan of Will Smith.
Madame Bovary is written by Madame Bovary. It's a romance novel.
Yes, it was released in 1856.
Yes, its similar to Madame Bovary, who also wrote Madame Bovary.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Judy Greer and Kevin Spacey both starred in it.
Sure, He starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
Yeah, she's pretty good. Did you know she was born in Salinas CA. She's a British tennis player.
I'm not a huge fan of hers, but I think she's one of the best female players of all time.
I'm not sure about that. I think she's pretty good in that one.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
i dont have information about that one, is there anything else I can help you with?
All The Money in the World was written by Ridley Scott
If you like thrillers, he's in Waiting to Exhale. Have you seen that movie?
Your welcome enjoy
I'm not sure if Shakira has a new release but Shakira has written a new album. She wrote The Great Gatsby, which is a great read.
It's a really good movie, with a little bit of drama, do you know who stars in it?
It was the Whiting Writers' Award
I love Coraline! I think its a great thriller, do you like thrillers?
I am not sure but it does have a genre of Fantasy and Adventure
If you like horror, you should check out Star Trek starring Kevin Spacey. It is also in the Fantasy genre.
Sure! Wicked City was written by Christopher Paolini and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, one of his most famous children's books is Gone with the Wind
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
I'd recommend The Wedding. It's a very good Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's correct. It was released in 1851 in English
You're welcome.
P.D. Eastman wrote several children's books including Go, Dog, Go! and Are You My Mother? Are you a fan of any of those?
Yes, it is considered children's literature, as well as children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess did write Go, Dog, Go! and Go!
Sure! He wrote Jurrasic Park. Have you read that book?
Surviving Picasso is a genre of historical fiction
Sure, Surviving Picasso also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. A great film!
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. It is a historical period drama.
You are welcome
Danny Boyle directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Trance is a great movie starring James Franco. He also starred in The Green Mile.
It is considered a Drama, a crime drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, which is a historical period drama.
There is no information about that movie
Angelina is also in the movie The Tourist
Robert Duvall also starred in that movie
your welcome
Do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! He starred in the movie The Perfect Score, which is Science Fiction, also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this movie yet?
You're Welcome! Enjoy!
I don't really follow soccer much so don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
Well, Oldboy was written by Park Chan-wook though. Would you like to see more of his movies?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House.
You're welcome.
Sure! Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung.
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a war film. Do you like war movies?
I'm not sure Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, I heard that Doug Ferrell also starred in The Ten Commandments.
Glad I could help
Yes, it is written by Ian Fleming and it is a spy film.
Casino Royale is starring Rory Kinnear and Robert Wade. It is a great movie!
I am not sure. It was released in 2010.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like Cloud Atlas because it starred Tom Hanks or because it starred Tom Hanks?
Tom Tykwer also wrote The Exorcist, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Charlize Theron has been in many films including Theron's Revenge and Theron's Titanic
You're welcome
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Sure! Do you like thrillers? If so, you might enjoy Shark Night.
Then you'll like The Assassination of Jesse James
Some other good ones are Shark Night and X-Men: First Class
Okay, I'll play it for you now
Yes, that's a great book! It's written by Stephen King. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama.
The Day of the Jackal was an epic thriller that was made into a movie.
Yes, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote herself. Are you interested in that genre?
If you like autobiographies, you might enjoy The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank also wrote Brief Encounters.
Well, The Diary of a Young Girl was released in 1850. Also, The Bell Jar was released in 1850.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a Sci-Fi movie starring Natalie Portman who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith
It stars Natalie Portman and Robert Duvall. It is a thriller.
He was in What's Your Number? which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen that?
I hope you like it.
Sure! He directed The Good Doctor and The Dark Knight. Have you seen either of those?
Well, if you like comedies, you might also enjoy the movie What's your number
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he directed several movies. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy drama.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Jose Mourinho. He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida.
Yes, I agree! He's one of the best coaches ever so far!
Glad I could help!
I agree! He's one of the most rated players of all time. He's been around a while.
I'm a big fan of sports. I really like college football. What about you?
The Boston Red Sox are my favorite team, I think.
Scream is written by Scream. Do you like Scream because it is a Horror, crime, or horror movie?
Yes, they are in Scream 3
Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome.
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves.
It stars Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Stephen Fry to name a few.
It is a romantic comedy, do you like this genre?
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote The City of Ember. Do you like her work?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a Tintenherz book.
The King Kong movie was written by Kong Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Naomi Watts has also starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Painted Veil is written by Stephen King and the genre is speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you read this book?
Yes, Express Express Express is a pop music genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. It is one of my favorites.
I'm not seeing any information on him, but I can tell you that he is a member of the Colombia national football team.
Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern, have you read it?
Capra wrote, directed, and starred in It's a Wonderful Life.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, have you seen it?
Did you know that Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life?
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a great movie!
It was released in 1958
It is in English, have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
i dont have that information
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, do you like any of his movies?
It's considered a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's written by Philip Pullman.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo and was released in 1998.
You're welcome
I'm not a fan of the Washington Redskins but I do know that they're owned by Dwight Schar.
What other sports do you like the Raiders?
Yes, it is. Do you like tennis? Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Do you like movies starring Steve Buscemi? He's in some great movies.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good drama that was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Enjoy your book!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. It was released in 1996.
He's been in quite a few films, including The Good German, and The Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in The Walking Dead, Vol. 1: Days Gone Bye
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome.
Yes, Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights.
It's a novel in the genre of Gothic fiction, released in 1847.
Great! Anything else I can help with?
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and it's a fantasy novel. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Rules of Attraction.
It was released in 2001 and the genre is fantasy.
Are you looking for other books by the same author, Simon Elkeles?
You are welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote The Jungle Book.
Both are written by Rick Riordan.
It's a series of books.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
That is correct. The Pickwick Club is influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, it is. Have you read A Christmas Carol?
Yes, it's a great book. I think you'd enjoy it.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Destination of the Year. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he did! He was also in The Longest Yard, which is a drama/mystery.
I'm not sure, but I do know Adam Sandler was influenced by Adam Sandler.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a popular one she wrote.
It's considered children's literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J.K. Rowling. He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings and it's a Fantasy genre.
Yes, you are correct. Anything else I can help you with?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
It's a drama/romance and was released in 1999.
Have you seen Police Academy? It's a crime drama.
You're welcome!
He is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Who is he from Spain? What sport do you like?
I hope I was able to help.
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Meet the Fockers.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen starred in this movie. Do you like his movies?
It's a Romantic Comedy.
I haven't seen any of them, but if you like murder mystery, you'll enjoy Beautiful Creatures
That is also a Romantic Comedy as well.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is written by Tony Tanner or because it is a thriller?
Persuasion is written by Sharon Creech. Do you like her books?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and starred by Michael Bay.
I'm not sure about that, but Michael Markowitz also wrote The Last Colony and starred in it as well.
That's correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a great tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch alot of tennis but I don't follow enough to know much about it. Did you know Wawrinka is a Swiss professional tennis player?
Yes, I'll have to agree. What sport do you like to watch?
I sure do! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkhheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you like her?
The Naked Sun is another family novel written by Cornelia Funke, have you heard of her?
No, I haven't read any of her books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I sure can! He wrote Three Cups of Tea. Have you read that one?
The River is a thriller and suspense book. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum. Have you seen that one?
It stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. It's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Did you like it because it starred Sean Penn or because it was a thriller?
If you like Crime Fiction, you should check out You've Got Mail. It's a good one.
You're welcome
X-Men 2 and World War Z are both in that genre.
Isn't he a soccer player from England?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Are you a fan of Alice Walker's work? She wrote The Color Purple which has a genre of fiction.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer,The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer,and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer
You're welcome
I think he's one of the best players in the Argentina national football team.
No I didn't know that! What's your favorite team?
Nice. Do you know if they have a favorite player?
No I didn't know that. Is he a Midfielder as well?
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss.
It's a fantasy book
You're welcome
I do! It's written by Kiera Cass.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a great book.
Kiera Cass wrote the music in the film.
I'm not sure, but it's a pop genre.
That's a great movie. Do you like Biographical films?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Green Mile starring Tom Hanks.
It's a good one. It's considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
The genre is Treasure Island and it's a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Great, enjoy!
If you like a genre of books, you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It is also a book.
I did! It was written by Stieg Larsson, and starred Morgan Freeman.
He's been in lots of movies. Aiello isn't in any movies that he's written.
Yes, he was in the Godfather movies.
You're welcome
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorites. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorites.
It was originally published in 1982. Another good book is The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Aladdin stars Bruce Willis, Tom Hanks, and Chris Hemsworth.
The Lion King came out in 2011. It has genres Fantasy, Comedy, and Adventure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Have you heard of The Sun Also Rises or For Whom the Bell Tolls?
It was released the same year as Hemingway.
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback.
Well, from what I've heard, he's one of the best quarterbacks ever to be honest.
I like him too. I'm a huge fan of Seth Meyers. What do you think of him?
yea
Oh yes, he's a great writer! He wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. Have you read it?
Yes, White Oleander also starred in The Jungle Book and The Witching Hour. Would you like to know more about those movies?
It is a coming of age thriller, do you like that genre?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
Yes, The Weight of Glory is a great book! It was released in 1945.
Will do!
Sure, he's an actor who starred in The A-Team. Have you seen it?
I know they are a basketball team in the NY Rangers.
Yes, I've heard the name of that book. Did you know Madison Square Garden was written by Andrew Stanton
Oh that's a great one, I really liked it a lot. Do you like the players?
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels.
The Lady & Sons Savannah is a great book.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, John Steinbeck?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great book.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense novel.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete that plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich.
Wow, he's pretty cool. I didn't know weilheim Oberbayern was a German footballer as well!
Oh, I'm not too sure about that one. What do you think about Thomas Muller?
I agree! He has a great stats. I think he is from Germany too.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also wrote this as well.
Well, Rango is a western, so if you like westerns, you should check out Rango.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight.
The Prestige is a horror film. Do you like horror?
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
It stars Christian Bale and Christopher Nolan
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
You are welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by L. Frank Baum.
It does fall under the fantasy genre as well.
If you like Voyager, you may want to check out The Name of the Wind.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and was released in 1900.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome.
Isn't that the one with Kate Winslet? Which one is your favorite?
The Holiday was released in 2005. Do you like comedy-drama films?
It falls under the Fantasy/Comedy/Fantasy genre.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good thriller.
yes she starred in The Holiday
WALLE is a great children's book! It was written by Aldous Huxley. Do you have a preference?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one.
The last stand is a Sci-fi movie written by Bryan Singer.
Yes! It's a great choice.
It's a great choice! It's a sci-fi movie!
It was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like young adult fiction?
It's also written by Sarah Dessen and is considered as young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Of course, some other books you might like are What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's genre is children's literature.
It is written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. It stars George Clooney. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great! Enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I do. I'm more of a fan of football. What about you?
Sounds good. I'll have to check out some other players.
I know that he's an author who wrote several books such as The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he is. He starred in The Silkworm and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Done. Anything else I can help you with?
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
Peony in Love and the Secret Fan is published in 2005
I'm sorry I don't have that information. I can tell you that it was also written by Lisa See and she starred in Wuthering Heights
Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was written by Rob Zombie, and it stars Bill Murray.
It's a Crime/Thriller starring Robert De Niro and was released in 2004.
It is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery novel written by Steig Larsson.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
I know that he wrote a lot of thrillers, do you like thrillers?
It is a Crime Fiction book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he did. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a tragicomedy novel by American author Ken Kesey.
Oh, I've heard it's a great book! It was released in 1997 and is considered a children's literature.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't follow it much. How about you?
Well, you're right. He's one of the greatest point guards of all time. Do you like him?
I haven't seen Ghostbusters. Who's your favorite actor?
Yes, Dan Aykroyd wrote Ghostbusters. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure! Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with William Peterson. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel as well. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that's a great movie. I highly recommend it if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome.
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more.
I do! He wrote What Lies Beneath which is a great book.
Yes he did
I agree, its a great movie. It is a historical period drama.
I don't really like them. Who's your favorite Giants player?
I'm not a big fan of the Giants, but I'm a New York Giants fan myself.
I'm not a fan of action thrillers, but I'd like to watch Shark Night.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
I'm not sure. It's written by Paula McLain.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Holly Hunter. what else can i answer for you?
drama is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, it is. Josh Boone actually wrote "The Fault in Our Stars" if you haven't seen it yet.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote The Tragedy of Kilimanjaro.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a great War movie.
Yes it is. It's a war movie based on the book.
Great. Enjoy!
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
Where You Are was released in 1995.
Wreck-it Ralph was also released in 2011
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Do you like his books?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. what else can i do for you today?
Ok, have you seen Tuck Everlasting? He also starred in Twins of Evil. It's a drama.
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
Great I hope you enjoy it
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Nat Faxon.
The O.C. series was based on a book by Robert Duvall. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Rick Worthington is the author of it.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yaphet Kotto wrote The Thomas Crown Affair, and The Running Man.
It is, do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Wolverine, you might like that movie.
You are welcome.
I know that Hush Hush is an actor that has starred in many films. One of them would be Star Trek. Have you seen it?
Some of her books include What's Your Number and The Perfect Score. Have you read any of those?
You might also like the hit book The Road to Perdition. Have you read this one?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy the book!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls
It is a mystery book released in 2005
Enjoy
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, you're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not too sure about that one, but I can tell you that Kurt Russell also wrote Escape from New York.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, have you read it?
I don't have any similar authors but The Secret was written by Byrne. Do you like books by Byrne?
Greider wrote The Secret, which was turned into a film.
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Great Gatsby, The Patriot and The Incredibles.
Your Friend the Rat was written by John Ratzenberger and was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about it?
Your Friend the Rat is a cartoon also starring Patton Oswalt, who also starred in Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Is it written by Maurice Sendak?
The BFG is a good family friendly film, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. It's a Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
Did you know that it was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It's very interesting. I think you will enjoy it.
It was written by Mark Haddon, it's considered a drama/fantasy. Have you read it?
Yes, it was adapted into a film and directed by Mark Haddon.
Yes he did and he also directed The Messenger.
You are welcome!
Isn't he the one that wrote Here Comes the Boom and Here Comes the Boom.
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it's a comedy-drama. It's also a comedy-drama.
Once Upon a Time in America is written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America was written by Sergio Leone. Other crime fiction movies include The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly.
It was written by Sergio Leone, who also wrote The Good Doctor.
You're welcome.
I know a little about him, he's an author who wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Dark Knight.
It was released in 1999
It also starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr, and Mel Gibson
You're welcome.
It is a horror movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror movies?
I don't have the information for that movie, but Michael Lewis also wrote The Blind Side. It's a thriller.
Yes. Money Ball is written by Michael Lewis and is considered a comedy drama.
City of ashed is a young adult fantasy book written by Cassandra Clare.
Then I would recommend The Bane Chronicles, The Shadowhunter's Codex, and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones, City of Ashes.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and Shadowhunter's Codex, both are written by Cassandra Clare.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Three Musketeers. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
That's a great one. It's considered speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book by C.S.Lewis. Would you like to read it?
I don't really know any other books by C.S. Lewis but it's genre is fiction.
You're welcome.
I love the song, Yellow Submarine, that he wrote.
No, I am not a fan of Liverpool. What is your favorite song from the Beatles?
Oh yes, he's in Liverpool, right? I didn't know that.
Do you know of any of his songs in the Beatles?
Great! Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls & Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a Fiction Novel that was released in 2001.
Sure, downloading now.
Are you a fan of Rihanna's songs? She wrote a few songs like You da One and Watch N' Learn.
That's a good song too. Did you know that Rihanna has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a sci-fi thriller.
Marc Forester starred in X-Men: First Class and The Perfect Score.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Five Love Languages of Children and Silver Linings Playbook. Have you seen this one?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome enjoy
Mockingjay is a young adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young adult fiction?
I have a couple of good ones: X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, that's correct.
Jonathan Dayton is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist. He writes alot of books.
Yes, John Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine. It's an excellent movie.
No, John was not in that film. He also wrote Little Miss Sunshine. It's considered a classic.
I think so. It's okay. Jonathan Dalton starred in that. He's a great actor.
You're welcome.
It's written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great book.
The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks is a good one. It is a coming of age story.
Yes, it is. It is regarded as a drama. I think you would enjoy it.
Then I would recommend The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. It's a good read.
The Matrix Revolution was written by HG Wells and directed by Veronica Roth.
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Devil's Advocate, and The Replacement Killers.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Man of Steel also starred Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not sure, but it does star Laurence Fishburne. She's a great actress.
Charlize Theron was the director.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Lord of the Rings and many other great movies.
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
No, I haven't seen that one. It was released in 1980.
Sure, he also directed The Three Musketeers. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Is there anything else I can help with?
It came out in 1999.
Your welcome.
I don't really know much about them, I do know that they're coached by Mike McCarthy right?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Aaron Rodgers is my favorite player. do you follow football much?
I don't really agree with you. I just thought of Tom Brady's friend.
I think they will make it to the suepterbowl for the future.
Yes, I do. I liked him when he was younger. Do you like his music?
It's considered a drama, do you like those types of movies? If so, I'm sure you'd love it.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but it's a Romantic Comedy, if you like that kind of movie.
Yes, she's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her?
I did not watch American Idol but I did enjoy it. Do you know Clay Aiken is friends with Britney Spears?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I did not know that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That movie is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Joseph Sikora because of his movies?
Sure. Similar movies to The Watcher are Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Leonardo Dicaprio starred in the Watcher. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
You might like The Swan Thieves or State of the Union.
You're welcome.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
It is fiction novel
You should check out The Bluest Eye
Enter's Game was written by Terry Pratchett
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Do you like the genre or the actors? Downfall is a war movie.
It appears that the movie was based on a book by the same name.
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Warrior's Way. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it was written by Andrew Stanton and was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like off-hand, you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird.
For sure! In addition to being a writer, Harald Kloser also wrote "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" which is a tragedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He's a great writer! He wrote Playing for Keeps and Playing for Keeps.
It is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 2010. I think you'd enjoy it!
Sure! Playing for Keeps!
I have not. Isn't it written by Martin McDonagh?
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 1997.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also wrote American Pie, have you seen it?
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a good one. Do you like dramas?
Sure, he directed The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Sure! The Nightingale is written by Charles Dickens. It's a great speculative fiction book.
I don't know any of her work but I do know that she also wrote The Nightingale. It is a short story.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I think he's a good tennis player but I'm not a big tennis fan. What about you?
It's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, that's a great movie! It's starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Sure, it is a Historical period drama written by James Dasher. Do you like the genre?
The Cat in the Hat is a Children's literature that also has a genre Children's Literature.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories was also released in 1957.
You're welcome!
I do! It's a drama that was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons.
She also starred in The Longest Ride.
Well, it also starred Tom Hanks, and she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes it is! It's a romantic comedy as well as a comedy.
Yes, I have. I've seen Faster and Men of Honor so I'm not sure if that is true.
You are welcome.
Isn't the team coached by Mike D'Antoni?
Well, from what I've heard The Los Angeles Lakers would be a good choice, though. The Los Angeles Lakers would be a great team as well!
I agree! The Los Angeles Lakers would be great to watch. They have a lot of games.
Larissa wrote рат ов, рамаов, and ов.
I do not have that information but he wrote рат ов.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Then I would recommend What's Your Number? or The Place of Birth.
Yes, it's by the same author. It's in the same genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Washington Redskins but I do like their coach Mike Shanahan.
I don't know much about him other than he's a fan of the Washington Redskins. Are they your favorite?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
You are welcome.
The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013.
She's written quite a few. My favorite is The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read it?
It is a fantasy book, do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Pacifier, which is a really good movie.
Yes it is. It is also a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
Do you like thrillers? If so I'm sure you'd love it.
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to read other books by him?
Sure. Similar books would be Little House on the Prairie, or similar to Little House on the Prairie are; books in the genre of House on the Prairie
I dont have that information right now but i can tell you that it was also written by Sandra Bullock
Yes, Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like her sister Serena?
I didn't know that. What genre do you like? I do know that she also starred in Hair Show.
I didn't know that. Is she a tennis player?
Yes, The Lost Symbol is definitely one of the best sellers list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do like Tom Hanks too. He's a great actor.
Yes, Dan Brown wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno which was also written by Dan Brown
There are so many, but The Da Vinci Code was also written by Dan Brown as well.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for movies with the same genre.
Your welcome
Yes, X-Men:Wolverine is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a thriller, do you like those types of movies?
Definitely, check out Zombieland if you like X-Men movies.
I don't think I've seen it, but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist series. Do you like the genre?
A book by Gareth Stedman is Three Cups of Tea. Its a Historical novel.
You're Welcome
Yes, Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn.
Thomas Lennon also starred in Paper Towns. It's a comedy.
I'll add it to your watch list.
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Ok, X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good historical fiction movie. Have you seen that one?
The Untouchables stars Bruce Willis and is a horror movie.
You are welcome!
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks. what else can i do for you?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Ok, I'll have to check it out.
I don't really know much about them. Are they a K-pop musician?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkhheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you like her?
I don't have that information right now. However, she wrote Inkheart with Cornelia Funke.
You are welcome!
Do you like the Hangover movies because it's a thriller?
Its a science fiction movie, written by Robert C. O'Brien
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
What sport do you like to watch?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
Yes, The Last Runaway was published in 1997.
You are welcome.
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Roald Dahl.
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, he did. It's a speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
Yes it is a team coached by David Platt. Do you follow soccer closely?
I do! He wrote The Complete Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Complete Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
That was a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also wrote The Skulls.
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and he also starred in The Amazing Spider Man 3
Absolutely, have a great day
It was written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Do you like this actor or genre?
Jon Favreau wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns starring Favreau. Have you seen it?
He directed The Wolfman. Have you seen that?
They are also action movies. If you like action movies, you should check out Shark Night.
Yes, he did. He starred in The Perfect Score.
You're welcome!
It was written by Gillian Flynn. She also wrote Sharp Objects. Have you read any of them?
She wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
I'm not sure it was. It was released in 2014 and is in English.
It was released in 2010.
I do! He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read it?
Cold Blood is Drama and Crime Fiction. It is a novel.
It's a sci-fi starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
It's a great movie! It's a classic! It's a classic! It's a classic!
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read this one?
Yes, it's a vampire series. It's part of the Twilight series.
Oh, that's right. I'm not sure if Stephanie Meyer was influenced by her.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Seven Psychopaths, which is one of my favorites. Have you seen it?
It is a Psychopath starring Sam Rockwell, who also starred in Seven Psychopaths
your welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and the genre is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama that also stars Rob Riggle.
You're welcome!
Your welcome.
Isn't he a golfer from Murrieta?
Oh, I didn't know that movie, I've never seen it. Is that a movie with Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller? Do you like Golf?
I'm not too sure if Julie Bowen has starred in anything else I can do
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but Connie Nielsen starred in The Ice Harvest too.
The Situation has the genre Psychological Thriller
The 5th Wave is speculative fiction.
I don't have that information. I can tell you that it was released in 2016.
He also wrote The Invisible Man, which is also science fiction.
Sure, have a great day.
You're welcome!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day with Naomi Watts?
I agree. She's one of my favorites. I'm not a fan of hers, but I do like her in Smurfs, which is a great movie. She also starred in The Lorax.
Yes, she was. I liked her in that movie as well. Did you know she was also in The Lorax?
I do! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen either of those?
I have. If you like that one, you should check out Toy Story 3. It's a classic.
Yes. If you like comedies, I would recommend X-Men 2 if you like.
Great. I hope you like it.
Do you like him as an actor or singer?
I like the most of his music. Do you like her?
Yes I like his music. Isn't he on the Voice?
That was a Sci-Fi movie starring Natalie Portman who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith
Nolan Funk starred in Revenge of the Sith
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Sure, Click was written by Adam Sandler and stars Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 2003
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2013
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a famous author who wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
It was released in 2000.
Yes it was. It's a great speculative fiction book.
Great, I'll add it to your list. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I believe he wrote The Two Towers have you heard of that one?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
No I don't have that information right now but I know he is from the UK. I like Dance wiv Me and Dance wiv Me. Do you like his music?
Yea, he's also a lyricist. Do you like Coldplay?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Have you seen either of those?
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information listed. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't follow them a whole lot. I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I'm not a big fan of them, I only know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I'm not sure, but I do know they're coached by Jim Caldwell.
I'm not a fan of basketball but if he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets I'm not sure if he acted in any other movies.
Ok, I have never heard of that one. Who is he with?
I'm not sure about that one. I just know Space Jam was written by John Lennon.
Yes, The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 2012
Great glad i could help
She is a Romanian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles.
I don't really follow women's tennis but I do know they do a bit of better than Venus. I think Serena Williams does a lot better.
Did she lose to Roger Federer or Roger Federer?
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
Yes, he did. I'm not sure if he coached any teams, but I'm not sure if he coached any teams but I'm not sure if he coached any teams
I couldn't find that information, but I think it was the same year that the Ravens won.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 1886
It was also considered a thriller and mystery.
Shark Night is a horror Thriller.
It's a very good one, it's a thriller.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's worth ordering.
There is a book called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone starring Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
He also wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese, it was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
Your welcome.
The Fountainhead is written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like his books?
Yes, she wrote We the Living. Have you read it?
Your welcome enjoy
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Those were written by Bram Stoker in 1891, a horror novel. Do you like horror books?
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. It is a horror novel. Do you like horror?
The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Frances Mayes wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel that was published in 1998.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Are you a fan of the author, Jane Austen, or the genre romance?
Yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes I do, it is a very good movie. It stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Have you seen it?
Yes, I have. It's a great movie. It's starring Al Pacino and was released in 2005.
Do you like movies with Al Pacino?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Richard Byrne and also stars Nicholas Cage
You're welcome!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It is written in English.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
He's been in quite a few movies including The Terminator and The Order.
It was written by Art Spiegelman and released in 1985.
Woody Harrelson, J.K. Simmons, and C.S. Lewis starred in the film.
The Harry Potter movies also starred in that movie.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges also starred Steven Soderbergh.
Seven Psychopaths is in the genre of Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, I agree with you! He's won a championship with the Golden State Warriors.
I think so. I'm not a fan of basketball either. I think he's a point guard for the Rockets.
Did you know that Willie Green was a shooting guard, but he didn't realize it?
The Name of the Wind is similar to Wise Man's Fear.
Sure, do you like Alien because it's a sci-fi movie?
Yes he does, he is the producer of Alien 3 as well. Do you like his work?
I don't have any suggestions for horror films, but if you like horror films you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It is also written by Walter Hill.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Are you into sci-fi thrillers? What genre do you like?
Yes, it is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2014.
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Glenn Plummer starred in Olympus.
I don't have anything else he Produced but Olympus has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Richard Curtis wrote War Inc. He also wrote War and Remembrance.
Yes, I do. Did you know that he's friends with Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake?
That's interesting. Did you know that Justin Timberlake starred in Vanilla Sky Tombstone?
Yes, Will Smith is a friend with Will Smith, I'm not sure if he has.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book or the book?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is by Harper Lee, it's considered a classic.
You're very welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
No, The Shadowhunter's Codex was not written by her but it's genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
What is his son's name? I'm a Red Sox fan myself.
I am not sure of that information, I can tell you that George Steinbrenner has a severed hand in heart attack.
They both survived the Tragicomedy.
Yes, it's kind of a folklore to be exact.
I'm not a bad badminton fan, but I think she's a great athlete.
Oh, that's interesting. I'm a big fan of speculative fiction fan. What do you think of her?
That's correct. Western Europe has great taste!
I haven't seen Last Sacrifice, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, do you like this genre?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Emma Stone and Emma Stone. It is a Science Fiction book. Do you like Science Fiction?
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by him.
Yes it is, do you like thrillers?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a fiction novel
There is a book by Flynn called Sharp Objects
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you heard of What's Your Number?? It's Psychological Thriller.
The book was published in 1980. I'm not sure of the release date.
Glad I could help!
Are you a fan of the actress, Liam Neeson or the genre Science Fiction?
Then you should check out Zoolander or X-Men: First Class.
Glad I could help!
The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a fiction book. Do you like either of those genres?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, have you heard of it?
Did you know it also stars Samuel L. Jackson?
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a psychological thriller like Little Miss Sunshine. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2001 and directed by David Fincher. Its a Comedy-drama.
Enjoy!
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a great book.
No, I have not read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't heard of that one.
I will have to check it out.
Do you need anything else?
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
I don't have any more information on any of them, but I can tell you that Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less.
James Lafferty also starred in that movie.
Okay, have a good day
Yes, he is. He wrote The Shining and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read those?
I don't know much about them. It's a sports team.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
My favorite Lakers would have to be Lakers. What's yours?
He's a great author. Some of his works include Thriller and Speculative Fiction. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2002.
It is! It's a great historical period drama, as well as crime movies.
You're welcome!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book.
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor, is fantasy.
Yes, it is. Another book in that series is The Wolverine.
It was released in 2004.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Have you read either of those?
The Mists of Avalon is fantasy novels. Do you like fantasy novels?
It was written by Philip Pullman and is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and The Devil Wears Prada.
That's a great movie. It also starred Reese Witherspoon and Julia Roberts.
It is considered a drama and a comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama written by Jamie Lee Curtis.
You are welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is a great movie. It stars Shawn Hatosy, Tom Hanks, and Bruce Willis. Do you like the actors?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski.
It was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: The Force Awakens with Harrison Ford.
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, Wishin': A Christmas Story was released in 1997.
Yes. Wicked Appetite was also released in 2009 and by Janet Evanovich.
I have not, but I heard he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I have not read that one. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. I think you'd enjoy it. Its a great book!
Similar to Leo dicaprio is Win a Date with Tad Hamilton.
He starred in the movie The Godfather
Sure, have you seen Treasure Planet or X-Men: First Class?
Lukas Haas starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
No, I'm not sure what else they have written.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven King. It's in the genre of Speculative fiction.
The Horse and his Boy was also written by C.S. Lewis.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy book.
I sure do! I know that he directed The Pelican Brief, which was written by him. He also wrote The Assassination of Jesse James
Yes, it's a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome!
She's a singer-songwriter who wrote Tracker. Do you like rock?
I'm not too sure. Call Me Maybe was really good. She's a lot of friends with Britney Spears, but I think I've heard some of her songs.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national team.
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Mexico right?
I believe he's from Mexico other than that.
Bobby Farrelly directed the movie Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly
If you like comedies, you should check out Zoolander. That's a good one.
Jim Carrey also starred in that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a point guard with the Minnesota Timberwolves?
I'm not sure if he plays anymore. Do you like any other players?
I'm not a big fan of basketball either. Is that a sport you like to watch?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, she wrote it as well, and falls under the genre Science Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Twitts, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Quentin Blake wrote The Twitts, which is speculative fiction.
Anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know anything else about this movie?
You're welcome!
Will Grayson was written by the author John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into Young-adult fiction?
Absolutely, anything else I can help with?
The Firm is written by John Grisham. Do you like speculative fiction?
The partner is a Young Adult Fiction book.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes. It was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. That's the same year The Last Battle was released.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
He wrote A Brief History of the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote The Secret History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
There is also A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Mary McDonnell starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford.
That's great, it also stars Robert Redford. Do you know anything else about it?
Yes, she was in What's your number? and I highly recommend it.
Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
I don't have that information, but it was written in English.
Yes, that's the year I'm going to add it to your list
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music! She's very talented!
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that she is in a relationship with Miley Cyrus.
Yes, it's a Woman. I really liked her when she was younger.
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Assassination of Jesse James do you like thrillers?
Do you like movies starring Brosnan because it is a comedy too?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. Along with Rob Zombie and Scarlett Johansson.
You are welcome!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes that's correct. Sean Penn and Rachel McAdams are in that movie. Do you like them?
If you like thrillers, you should enjoy Shark Night. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby directed The Crucible. Have you seen that?
The book was originally written by Christopher Bigsby, and the movie stars Tracie Thoms and Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, if you like tragedy tragedy he also wrote The Crucible, you should check it out.
Yes, The Fall of the House of Us is written by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics?
Isn't he a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics?
There are so many great basketball teams. The Golden State Warriors, Odd, and The Warriors of Virtue are some of them.
He's the point guard for the Seattle Superonics.
Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was influenced by Stephen King
Mary is a horror film
your welcome
it was released in 2001
The Fellowship of the Ring is a Fantasy genre. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
He directed a sci-fi movie, called The Expendables.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant, which is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Well, she's a thriller and was directed by Ridley Scott.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1960.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Historical period drama.
I am not sure who starred in that movie. However, I do know The Light Between Oceans was written by Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an athlete who starred in the movie Fool's Gold
Yes, he starred in the movie Fool's Gold, The Usual Suspects, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold also starred by Stephanie Meyer. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. He did star in Fool's Gold as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you'd like to know more about it.
The Apostle is a book similar to Stephen Dubner
You're Welcome
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure! Did you enjoy Taxi Driver because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a thriller?
Happy to help!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, he is on Liverpool F.C. right?
Yes he is. Do you follow soccer closely?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. They are coached by Mike Zimmer.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know more about it?
Yes, that's correct. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like fantasy books? You should check out The Deathly Hallows.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou wrote The Secret Garden. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
The movie stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee.
No problem! It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre Southern Gothic. Do you like Southern Gothic?
It is, but if you like the genre, you'll really enjoy The Glass Men.
It's a tragicomedy that was made into a movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Fountainhead and The Book of Eli. Have you heard of either of those?
Ponyo starred in a movie called The Lord of the Rings.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Ponyo.
You're welcome
No, I don't really know the sport but I do know it is table tennis it is a good
I am not sure about that, do you like table tennis?
No I don't remember where the 2004 Olympics was.
I couldn't agree with you. Who's your favorite player on the team?
I do not know much about them I am more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like?
I do not really like them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair
I don't know much about soccer. I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a fan of soccer. What sports do you like?
The team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Hmm, I'm not sure, but it was written by Richard LaGravenese.
Are you a fan of children's books?
You're welcome
I'm not a big fan of her work but I do know that she wrote In Her Shoes.
Did you know that Susannah Grant wrote screenplay? She also wrote Story of a Life.
Okay, I think you'd enjoy it. It's a really good read.
Glad I could help.
Well, she's very talented. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
In Odd THomas, the author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz
If you like that genre, you'll like Wolf Brother. It's also a thriller.
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett, and it's considered a thriller.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice is a novel. It's considered a historical period drama.
It's a blockbuster film by John Malkovich, based on the true story of a young man who is suddenly able to speak to a woman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the author James Cameron? He wrote The Aviator.
If you like romance films, you might like The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth.
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. Have you read that?
Oh yes! She's great. Did you know she starred in The Proposal? It's a great movie.
She also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock
Its a thriller
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Agent: A Tale. Have you read either of those?
They Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy.
I do! You should try They Do it with Mirrors. It's a great read!
I love her! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it is. It's a sci-fi thriller.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actress. She starred in a movie called The Casual Vacancy.
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Windtalkers.
It's considered a thriller and science fiction.
If you like war films, you should check out Blade Runner and The Matrix.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Madagascar starring Liam Neeson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It's a drama/mystery. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Have you seen The Stand? It's a Romantic Comedy.
Well, The Worlds End is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead is a Psychological thriller.
I hope you enjoy
I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I think he's won a few championships with the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
It's called the Seattle Seahawks, I'm not sure who the name is.
A Grief Observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Well, I'm not a big tennis fan. What sport do you like?
That's interesting, I had no idea there was a town outside of the Dunblane school massacre.
That's great to hear, I think I'd have to catch up with that one. I really liked it.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
I don't know much about Walt Whitman but I do know he wrote a book called Fast Food Nation.
It is considered children's literature. You should give it a try.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
The Skulls with Hill Harper is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Paul Walker is in The Skulls with Hill Harper. I think he did a great job.
I'm not sure, but he passed in Takers
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen either of those?
It is a Comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a Fiction novel. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama
I do not have any information on that specific psychological thrillers, but I can tell you that Fannie Flagg also wrote What Do You Do
You're welcome
That's a great film! It's written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie!
It is, Andy is a lot of fun to watch. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Toy Story and it is based on the true story of Toy Story that was made into a movie
Memento is a thriller, do you like thrillers or do you like thrillers?
Ok, Psychological Thrillers are a couple of my favorites. Have you seen X-Men 2?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's considered a psychological thriller as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of the Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read either of those?
The Valley of Horses was released in 1996 and is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It's a young adult fiction book.
He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Neptune, and The Titan's Curse.
Yes, he did. It was released in 2009. It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I don't really follow soccer much so I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete that plays German football.
I'm not too familiar with Mesut Ozil also.
I don't know much about him either. I think he's a midfielder as well.
yes, he is a good football player. do you like football?
oh that's interesting. I'm not a american soccer fan.
Oh I've heard they're very good. I'll watch it tonight.
Sure! Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars.
Yes, she is. It's also known for The Tailor of Panama.
You're very welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of this genre. But I do know it was written by Orson Scott Card and was released in 1998.
Yes that's a great one also starring Nicolas Cage.
That's also a Romantic Comedy. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure, I can do that!
You're welcome!
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is written by John Steinbeck?
It is a fiction novel.
It's a novel by John Steinbeck, it's considered a historical novel.
She's an author who wrote many books including Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
I really don't follow football closely, I'm not a fan of the sport. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm not sure. What's their name in London?
No, they were not in London as well.
I'm not a fan of the team but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum
I sure can, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read either of those?
Yes, he did and it's genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, NARUTO was released in 2008
You are welcome
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Dark Knight. It's a crime thriller.
If you like action films, you should definitely check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Certainly! Bryan Singer directed The X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
The movie stars Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Laurence Fishburne.
Yes, it is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen any super hero thrillers, but I've heard it's very good.
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do, actually. The Hobbit movies are also a few. Have you seen them?
Those are all great movies and they are very good.
Glad I could help!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is in the fantasy genre.
It's an Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, a novel released in 1970.
You're welcome
You're welcome!
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters. Would you like to know more about this book?
Have you read The Notebook? It's a classic.
The Wedding is a romantic comedy that was released in 2000.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a crime movie. Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
The Wolf of Wallstreet was released in 1999. It's a non-fiction.
Enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It's a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in X-Men: First Class and he also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey.
eXistenZ is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and it's genre is fiction.
Some other good ones are Will Grayson, Will Grayson, and The Magician King.
Sure thing. Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She's from the United States. She's also the author of the book.
The Scar is written by Chester Bennington, it's a thriller.
It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut?
Yes, he also directed The Theory of Everything: The World According to Garp, and The First Four Years.
The King is a drama/mystery movie written and directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have any more suggestions about Ronny Cox but I can tell you that he also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
Ronny Cox also starred in The Wool Cap, which is a biography.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror books?
I don't think so, but he did write The Haunted. I think it was released in 1998.
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like children's movies, you might also like The BFG.
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
You're welcome.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Did you know that Fernando Hierro is from Rio de Janeiro
Yes it is with Luis Favreau
Yes he's a great author! He wrote The Wardrobe and The Bourne Identity. Have you read either of those?
Yes. The Temple of My Familiar is also a drama.
It's a drama. It was released in 2014.
Sure thing!
I think he's an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I really don't know anything about it either. I'm aware that Harbhajan Singh is from India
I'm not too familiar with Wankhede Stadium. Is that a sport you enjoy?
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read any of them?
Yes, that's the same year that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
It was released in 1985. I don't know what year it was released.
You're welcome.
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that she also wrote Rules of Attraction.
Great, I'll add this one to your list.
Harold Ramis was in Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen that one?
Since you like Harold Ramis, you should check out Why Did I Get Married Too.
Groundhog Day is a comedy genre
Yes, it's written by Walter Isaacson.
Wither was written by Steve Jobs, and the genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was also written by John Steinbeck, it is a Science fiction as well.
Hello, yes I do. She wrote The Night Circus which is a fantasy. Have you read it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, True Believer was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a crime novel.
Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer. It is also considered a thriller and was released in 2011.
It is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
I love the cowboys, but I'm not much of a fan of the cowboys. How about you?
No, I don't really love the Cowboys, but I do know that they are in the NFC North division.
Yeah, they're great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he starred in Jumbo
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionair, have you seen it?
If you like horror films, you should definitely watch Zodiac. It's very good.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know other books by the same author, Harper Lee?
Yes, To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I'm not a bad badminton fan, but I think she's a great athlete.
No, I don't know a lot about Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but I do know he is from India.
Yes, I believe they are a couple of the players.
I really don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. I love his music. Do you like her?
Yes, Bahati Prinsloo is known for writing The Voice.
Sure, it has a genre of Historical period drama, do you like these genres?
Xander Berkerley starred in this movie.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2008 and directed by David Ayer.
Nicolas Cage actually starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcer's Apprentice is a drama and crime movie.
He was in Lord of War, do you like to know more about Nicolas Cage?
You're welcome!
I do! He's one of the best hip hop artist in my opinion.
I haven't heard of him. I heard he's a good songwriter.
I don't know what year he was in. I guess he was still alive with his name.
The Inside Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Manchurian Candidate with Jodie Foster is really good. Have you seen that movie?
Its a great choice! It's a classic! It's a romance starring Denzel Washington.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's one of my favorite movies. It's written by Steven Zaillian
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Wildest Dream. It's a Historical period drama.
It also starred Robert Duvall. It's also a historical drama.
You're welcome
The Great Gatsby is written by Scott Westerfeld. Have you read it?
The Secret Life of Brewster Guys is another one.
Well, in that case, you'll like The X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome
Sure! The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is written by Mark Twain. It's in the family genre.
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2000.
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I know that she is an author who has written a lot of books. She's known for The Throne of Fire and The Assassin's Blade.
It was released in 2010
The Muppets also has genre Drama, do you like dramas
The Muppets is a book by Amy Sedaris, released in 1986
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
I don't really follow him, I don't know much about him. I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback, what's his name is?
Do you know anything about him?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote The Year of the Flood.
I don't have any of the Young Adult Fiction books by Richelle Mead, but Shadow Kiss was released in 2013 and is in English.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult Fiction and was released in 2012.
Sure! Other books in the genre are Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver.
It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Have you read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby?
Moonrise Kingdom was written by Roman Coppola, who also wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel
The House of Seven Gables is one of my favorites. Have you read it?
It is starring Wilt Chamberlain and Rosario Dawson.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It was written by Roger Avary and starred by Roger Avary. It's a crime fiction movie.
He's also been in a lot of movies but he's done alot of movies. My favorite is The Fault in Our Stars.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
I really liked her in A View to a Time. Have you seen that movie?
She starred in The Muppets also, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Isn't she a guy from Nashville? I think I've heard some of her songs.
I'm not sure, but it's pretty good. I think I'll listen to all of her songs.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1956.
The Right Man in Rome is a good one.
Alison Doody starred in A View to a Kill and A prayer for the Dying.
The Last Crusade was released in 1998
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like adventure movies?
Your welcome enjoy
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling or other thrillers?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings by J.K. Rowling?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Rebecca.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she's an English author.
I do! He wrote The muse which was a classic. Have you read it?
Yes, The Muse is one of my favorites, have you seen it?
Yes! It's a great movie! It's also starring Joe Pesci.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies with Steve Carell in them? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Power of Six. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it's a great choice. I think you will enjoy it.
Wilson Rawls wrote The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Have you heard of it?
Susan Meissner wrote a series of novels. Would you like to know more about her?
You are welcome
Great, you are welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Will Smith also starred in The Warrior's Way, which is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not a fan of them. Who is your favorite player?
That's very true, I'm not a Patriots fan, I'm not a Patriots fan of the Patriots, I'm not a Patriots fan.
That's a great choice! And Gisele was so talented!
He wrote The Yellow Submarine and starred in that movie.
He's done so many! I really liked The Yellow Submarine! I really liked that one.
Ant-Man was written by Stan Lee. Do you like movies about superheroes?
No, I haven't seen any of them, but if you like horror genre, you may like The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Ok, some other good ones are X-Men Origins and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2001 and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Rebecca Hall also starred in Pearl Harbor. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. It was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes there is. It's a sequel
Gremlins Stone was written by Steve Kloves.
You are welcome.
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Oh, that's interesting. I'm not a big basketball fan. Who's your favorite player?
I think so, I'm not sure if Steve Schneider starred in it but he's a great actor.
Space Jam! I haven't seen Hoosiers, but I've heard it's a good movie.
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life has genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
Your welcome enjoy
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox right?
It is a football team.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
The Apostle is a family movie and the genre is historical period drama. If you like that genre you'll enjoy The Apostle.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but he starred in Shaun White. He's also an athlete and a film producer.
Yes, he did. He was a great executive producer as well.
I don't know what else he was in, but I know he was married to Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like science fiction, you might enjoy The X-Men, The Last Stand, or The Man in the High Castle.
Bradley Cooper is one of the stars in the movie. It was released in 1895.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
I don't follow football much but I do know he is a wide receiver for the Saints.
Didn't he star in Wildcats 2?
I know that Last Sacrifice is written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 2013
Yes it is
No that's all I haven't read
Your welcome
Do you like books by Veronica Roth? She wrote Divergent.
The genre is Science Fiction.
The very hungry caterpillar is written by Stieg Larsson, who also wrote Toy Story 3.
Yes, he did. The Very Hungry Caterpillar was also written by the same genre.
There are so many great ones. The Shelters of Stone and The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle are both children's literature.
Yes. In the same genre, The Little Friend and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo are all great books.
Yes. In the same genre, The Boxed Set is a great one.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him. I think he's an excellent Quarterback.
The only thing I know from the past couple of years
I don't have that information either. I do know that their head coach is John Fox
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
It's a horror novel by Elizabeth Kostova. The Scarlett Johansson was also in that series.
Yes I do. Emile Zola wrote Madame Bovary. It's a great horror novel.
You are welcome.
That's a great one. Have you read other books by the same author, William Weaver?
Yes, they are in the same genre as Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes, you are correct. I hope you enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy.
I don't really know much about them either. I do know that they are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not too sure. But, I know he was a fan of the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not a huge fan of the Greek Freak, but I do like the Greek Freaks.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, Wonder Boys was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, Linkin Park is still in the band Rock Rock genre. Do you like them?
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction novel written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in more books by the same author?
Have you read any of the X-Men series? Or did X-Men 2?
I'm not sure who wrote Zoe's Tale. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he wrote a book in English.
Yes he does, he is also a science fiction writer as well.
You're welcome!
The Terminal stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks because it is an adventure movie?
Yes, he also starred in Larry Crowne, that's a great movie!
Yes, it's also starred Tom Hanks and it's a drama.
You're welcome!
She's an author who wrote several books including Tina Fey and The Other Boleyn Girl. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, she was on Saturday night live. I think you would like to follow her on Saturday Night Live.
Yes, I do. The only show I know is Parks and Recreation written by Tom Hanks.
Yes, it's a satire show as well. Do you have a favorite satire show?
Yes, and it's in the English language.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
I'm not sure of that information, but I know he is from the United States of America.
Yeah, she's from California. What position does he play for?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, I'm a fan of her as well. I'm a big fan of hers, what about you?
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine too. I think he's a pretty good singer.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. It was released in 1870.
I'm not sure about that. I do know it was written by Beatrice Sparks and released in 1997.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it's genre is science fiction.
Yes, they are. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Freakonomics: A Space Adventure starring Bruce Willis.
Scarlett Johansson starred in Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
I think he plays soccer for the Portugal national football team.
That's interesting. I really don't follow soccer much.
Yes, she's one of the best female players of all time.
Total Recall is in the genre of sci-fi. Would you like to hear more about the movies in the same genre?
Of course! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and Total Recall
Great choice! It's Tim Robbins and Jeff Bridges are in it.
Ella Enchanted stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction
Its available to you
You are welcome
Yes, Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
It is written by John Grisham and was released in 2001.
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of a Man Called Horse
He wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel.
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
No I have not, what is it about?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novel.
Certainly. A couple of my favorites are The Portable Atheist and The Last Hero. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. It's in the English language.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan.
It was released in 1904
Yes, there were. J.M. Barrie and Janet Evanovich both wrote it.
It was originally written in English.
Enjoy your reading!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Hotel New Hampshire and was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Jane Eyre is considered a Romance novel. I highly recommend it.
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist. Do you know either of these?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
It is considered young adult fiction.
Lord of the Flies is also considered a good one.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I am a fan of both tennis and don't like Serena Williams. Do you like Serena Williams?
That's amazing! Do you have a favorite team?
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
Oh, I'm not a fan of basketball either. I think he's from California.
Wow, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Magicians is similar one
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, she's one of my favorite movies. Do you like her movies?
I don't have that information at the moment. However, I can tell you that he was also in The Help, which is a thriller.
He wrote The Ninth Gate, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did direct the music.
Yes, he did. He was great in that!
You're welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides, and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, it is. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Flannery O'Conroy wrote a book called The Assassin's Blade.
Wise Blood is a novel
Your welcome.
Yes she starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton is a great actor. He also starred in The Boxing. Have you seen that one?
It also starred Robert Duvall and is a Science Fiction film. Do you like Science?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
She wrote Pride and Prejudice. what else can i do for you?
your welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
She writes a lot of books, including Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah to name a few.
You're welcome.
Paul Verhoeven wrote The Last Colony. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale, which is a great book.
Total Recall is an indie film released in 1982.
Your welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
Did you know that the one also starred Tom Hanks?
That one is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Angelina Jolie Pitt also starred in that movie. You should check it out.
I'm not sure, but The Thirteenth Floor is a drama.
The Battle of the Five Armies was written by Rick Riordan, would you like to hear more about this movie?
Have you seen any of the Lord of the Rings movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome.
Glad I could help.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he did. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, if you enjoy thrillers, you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall stars Steven Soderbergh. Would you like to know more about Prometheus?
Tim Robbins was also in Total Recall.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII right?
Oh. They were the runner-up in the World Series a lot of times.
I'm not a big baseball fan, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Denzel Washington, Denzel Washington, and Denzel Washington are in the Equalizers.
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Book of Life, which also starred James Wilcox.
I'm not sure when it was released. If you like psychological thrillers you should check out Shark Night with Kyla Pratt
You're welcome.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
Yes, he is from China. Do you know if he is from China?
Yes! Zhang Ziyi also starred in The Iron Giant. Have you seen that one?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a similar book.
Guy Cardwell also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure. He has written A Thousand Splendid Suns, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and many more.
Enjoy
Sure, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
The most popular one is Sense and Sensibility, have you read that one?
It is speculative fiction novels, do you like that genre?
The Hunt for Red October book is written by Stephen King. Would you like to know more about him?
The genre is speculative and science fiction.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in that one.
Yes, he is. It's hilarious. If you like Owen Wilson, you should check out Zoolander.
Yes, Luke Wilson starred in Zoolander. It's a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it.
My favorite song from hers is Crossroads. What is yours?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great one. I haven't seen any of his movies before. Isn't that a movie with Will Smith?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It's a thriller, written by Liisa Garner. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Steven Spielberg also wrote Larry Crowne and starred in it. Do you like him?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he's been in some great films, including Tom Horn, The War Lover and The War of the Worlds. Have you seen any of those?
The Great Escape came out in 2014. What else can I do for you?
Great choice! The Towering Inferno was written by Rick Riordan. It's a great family movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
Elizabeth George Speare wrote that book.
If you like picture books, The Day After Tomorrow is a great picture book
That one is a speculative fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
That was a great book! It was released in 1900.
It was written by Veronica Roth
Yes, it is in the Adventure genre
Ok great, hope you enjoy!
Yes, Lionel Messi is a Midfielder and forward in soccer. Do you like him?
I agree with you on that. I really liked him when he was on the Portugal national football team.
I agree! He's one of my favorites! He's such a talented man!
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in The Fugitive. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he was in The Fugitive.
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it.
Yes, she was.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Nicholas Cage starred in The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome
It's written by Anne Rice, and it's a mystery.
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and another one called The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I'm not a huge fan of the Dodgers, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they have a goof team with the Astros.
Yes. The San Francisco Giants were a great team. Who is their mascot is named Miles?
I agree they will make it to the playoffs this year.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep. Do you like Meryl Streep movies?
Great. I think you'd enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna. She also wrote The Devils Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom.
Yes, it was, do you like science fiction movies, or do you like science fiction movies?
It's a great movie, starring Robert Downey Jr. and Charlie Korsmo.
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Return of the Living Dead, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he's also in Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance? You should check out The Good Earth if you like romance.
No, they are in the same genre.
You are welcome.
They're coached by Gary Kubiak.
I'm not really a fan of sports but I do know that they made it to the finals.
I've only really watched the sport. I've never really enjoyed it.
Jonathan Dayton directed Little Miss Sunshine. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, it's a great one. Nicholas Cage starred in it. He's quite good.
Alan Arkin also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in Salinas CA. She lost to Sarena Williams?
Her current ranking is No. 54 but her highest was No.1.
You are welcome, sorry I could help.
Oliver Relin wrote Three Cups of Tea.
Sure! He wrote The Green Mile. Have you read that book?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you that he was a writer as well.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book. Do you like childrens literature?
Gail Carson Levine also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre, have you read it?
Yes it is Fantasy, do you like Fantasy?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre is fantasy, it is also written by Gail Carson Levine
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
Yes he does and he is a great coach
Yes, he was drafted by the Denver Broncos
Isn't he a football player?
He plays for the Argentina national football team. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I agree, I'm not sure. I think Sergio is very strong.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney?
It is, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you read it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola. It's a classic!
He also wrote Apocalypto, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a historical period drama, also starring Christo Jivkov.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a genre of Thriller, do you like the genre or the actors?
Veronica Roth wrote Divergent and also The Transfer.
You are welcome
Correct. It was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You is written by Cecelia Ahern. It's a novel and it's considered a romance novel.
She also wrote The Gift and The Book of Life.
It is a fiction novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Sorcer's Stone.
Cool. The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote The Golden Compass.
The Golden Compass is written by Philip Pullman. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Yvonne Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, the Long Kiss Goodnight also stars Reese Witherspoon and F. Scott Fitzgerald. It is a Psychological thriller.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed You Lost me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
I like Ashton Kutcher and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano but I think I've heard some of his music.
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojojo Moyes?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars written by Chris Hemsworth.
I'm not sure, but it's considered a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Science Fiction?
I don't know much about her other than she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I agree with you. Did you know Venus Williams starred in the Expendables 2?
Yes, they are. I agree they are.
I don't really know much about them, I think Mike Woodson does a good job with them?
Do you know if he also coached a team?
Oh, that's interesting to know. I'm not sure if that is true to be honest.
I know he's an athlete, a football player from Wales.
I do! I love watching football. I am a huge fan of Gareth Bale's.
It's a great movie!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides, and The Lords of Discipline.
It is speculative fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
It is written by Rick Riordan, it is a great book.
It's a post-apocalyptic fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, that's a great book! It's written by Sergio Leon.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote X-Men: First Class.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was also written by Sergio Leone.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
If you like drama, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you seen that?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Michael Crichton and was released in 2002.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was actually released in 2002.
That's a sci-fi starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Yes, he's a DJ right?
Andy Murray seems to be one of the best in my opinion. I'm not sure what his chances are. Isn't Andy Murray having a good chance?
I like football and baseball. What about you do you like?
I don't know who the stars are in that match but the legend of Hercules is Venus Williams.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read either of these?
Seven Years to Sin is romance novel
Your welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
I don't know what song she sing. Is she a singer?
Did you know that she's friends with Britney Spears, I'm a big fan of hers.
I haven't heard of Shakira. I'm not a big fan of Sia Furler, but I do like Sia Furler, too. I like Sia Furler.
Yes, she did. I also like Lyricist as well. Do you like Lyricists?
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
What sport do you follow?
Yes, I believe so. I'm not sure who else she is in it.
Sure! He starred in Jurrasic Park. Have you seen that?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in State of the Union.
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you like Fantasy films?
1989 was a great year for movies.
Do you like Fantasy movies? You might like The Lord of the Rings.
You might enjoy The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey. It's also a Fantasy movie.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Bones, is a classic! It's a classic!
Yes Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom. It's Science Fiction.
Your welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess and the Shopaholic to the Stars
I would say dramas. She's very good in it.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays in India.
I'm not a big fan of cricket but I do know it's like X-Files.
It was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery/fiction genres. Do you like these genres?
I don't have that information right now but it was released in 2013 and written by Gillian Flynn.
It is. It's in the genre of Mystery / Mystery.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys. Do you like War films?
Yes, Mamma Mia has also starred in You Got Served, The Devil Wears Prada and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Hugh Jackman starred in Warcraft as well.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I'm not a fan of the Chicago Cubs. I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
Yes, I've heard they're great. Who's your favorite team? I think I'd have to pick it up.
I've never heard of that one. Is it a baseball team?
Is that the one with Aaron Rodgers? What do you think of him?
It was released in 2004.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read that book?
I dont have that information right now, but Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School was released in 1922, have you heard of it?
It is in the genre of children's literature, do you like children's literature?
I think Phil won the 2010 PGA Championship. I'm not a fan of golf though. How about you?
Oh I didn't know he is a golfer. What do you think of Phil Mickelson did you know his sister is Tin Cup?
Yes, Entourage was one of the best dramas of all time. Would you like to know more about Phil Mickelson's movies?
Weeds was great! I'm sure that you will enjoy!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
The Time Machine was released in 1980's
Yes, I have it's a great movie! It's also a Science Fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome!
The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and William Hurt. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball shooting guard, but I think he's pretty good.
I'm not sure. I think it was a great game.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like their owner George Steinbrenner.
I'm not a fan of baseball but I do know that they were the runner-up of the 1986 & 1975 World Series.
I'm not a huge baseball fan but if I had to choose, I would say the Yankees are doing well in the American League East.
It's a good one. It's written by John Grisham and is considered a psychological thriller.
i do not have that information but if you like psychological thrillers you should read Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
I don't have that information but if you like Alfred Hitchcock it's a drama, he's quite famous.
They are one of my favorite football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
What's your favorite businessperson, do you think of them?
Did you know they both were coached by Lovie Smith?
Sure! Rocky is written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
I don't have any suggestions about movies he's in but if you like action, he also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Creed is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a speculative fiction book released in 1986.
You're welcome!
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu. Are you familiar with them?
I am not sure, but it is starring Scarlett Johansson
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It is a romance novel.
In that case, I'm going to add it to my list.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells and is a satire.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
It is a adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
You're welcome!
I liked him in Things Behind the Sun. Did you see that movie?
I'm not too sure about Rosanna Arquett, but it is a drama.
It is! It's considered a drama, as well as a comedy.
That's great! I think I've seen it. It's a great movie.
I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
Yes, Rowdy's number is number one on the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like Cowboys?
The New Orleans Saints and the Saints are some of the great ones.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Colony. Have you seen it?
It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Sean Connery starred in Never Again. Would you like to know more about him?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of them. What else I can help you with?
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer as well.
I do. I'm not sure what genre it is.
Great, enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you follow cricket?
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players in the league.
I have not, but you should definitely check out cricket if you like.
I'm a huge fan of sports channels. I've always wanted to go to the game and enjoy it.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
It is a drama, written by Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
Do you like Warlock because it's a thriller or because it's a romance?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies you should check out Zombieland.
If you like zombie films, you should check out Zombieland too.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Have you read Tender is the Night? That's a classic.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden, among others.
Arc de Triomphe was released in 1929.
Yes, the original language is English, but the book is in English.
My pleasure. Enjoy!
Isn't she dating Rory McIlroy?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Yes, the sisters play tennis as well, and their sister is Venus Williams. Do you follow any sports?
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do know it is a great sport to follow.
I agree. I'm a huge fan of fashion.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Tennessee Williams starred in A Streetcar Named Desire?
In this movie, he also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
your welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote In the Woods.
In the Woods is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like her work?
You're Welcome
He is an author who wrote Thirteen Eighty-Four. Are you familiar with that book?
He has directed many films, including X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and Why Did I Get Married Too.
Angus Macfadyen is the lead.
Sure, he starred in The Muppets and The Puffy Chair.
You are welcome
I know they are in the NFL, I'm not a big fan of them. I do know they are part of the NFC North division.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. I believe they are 1st in the AFC North division.
My husband's favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you follow any sports?
He wrote The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
You are correct. Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network
It would be considered a historical period drama.
It was released in 2004 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
2010 is the genre of The Social Network.
2010 is written and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm with Wayne Wang.
Yes, Joan Allen starred in The Ice Storm. She also starred in The Cradle of Life.
He also wrote The Wool Cap, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes, it is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J. Maas. She also wrote Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
That's the only one I have by her. Did you know that she's the author of Persuasion?
No, I have not read that one. It is a great book.
Yes, she is a professional badminton athlete who plays badminton professionally.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she was a big fan of hers as well.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2014 and was in English.
It's a self help book. Do you like self help books?
He directed Seven Psychopaths, which is one of my favorites. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was a scientist and author.
Great choice! He directed a lot of great films, including Seven Psychopaths, Seven Psychopaths, and Martin McDonagh.
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Have you seen To Kill a Mockingbird by Robert Duvall? It is also in the Family genre.
Mrs. Doubtfire also stars Cameron Diaz, who is a great actor
Will do happy to help.
Homer wrote The Simpson and also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read them?
The Iliad is more of a Gothic fiction genre. You should check out The Iliad.
Well, I'm not sure. I'm sorry.
I'm not a fan of the Seahawks but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Who is your favorite coach?
Yes, I believe so. It was a great Super Bowl XXVIII.
Yes, they have. They have won a lot of Super Bowls.
The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
She starred in X-Men: First Class and in The Last Stand
Its a comedy-drama that also stars Sandra Bullock
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those books?
It is indeed it is.
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
They're a basketball team in the NBA. Are you a fan of the team?
The owner is Yvonne Zima.
No,I am not sure. What kind of sports do you like?
You are welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Thomas Lennon.
I couldn't find any information on Colin Farrell's movies, but I know he starred in Minority Report as well.
I'm not sure, but the movie was written by Colin Farrell and the genre is psychological thriller.
You're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Aaron Rodgers, Jim Caldwell and Glenn Plummer are some players.
Yes! Fast Five is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Are you a fan of him?
No, I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it was written by Gary Scott Thompson.
I heard Michael Irby was great in that movie. I really liked him in High School Musical. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't think it is based on the book. Divergent is written by Veronica Roth
Okay, have a good day!
You're welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Well, I think he's from Dallas too. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes it is. Do you like any players from that area?
Yes, she's a great author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yeah, she's quite talented. I'm not sure what else she wrote but I know she's known for writing poetry, I'm going to add to my read list.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was a book that came out in 1851.
Of course, I hope you like them!
He wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. His most famous actor is probably Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen that movie?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and its a drama.
It is a drama, do you like this genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Isn't he on the Spain national football team right?
Oh what a great team is that? What's your favorite team?
I have not seen it either. Is it a drama/mystery movie?
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie. I'm not sure if she is in it I'm going to watch it again
It's written by Rick Riordan, it's a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a great book. Vespers Rising was also written by Rick Riordan
It is a mystery, do you like mystery type books?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in X-Men: First Class
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980's
I do! He's an athlete, athlete, and a point guard.
He wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man. Have you read any of these?
I haven't read any of these romance novels, but I can recommend some other ones if you like.
I'm not sure what year it was released
You are welcome
Isn't he a forward on the Chile national football team right?
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Is that the one with Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller?
Grown Ups is great. I'm a big fan of Adam Sandler.
Yes, she was. She was also in Frida.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath which is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Then you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
If you like action movies, you will like Shark Night.
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 olympics as well as the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes he is. I'm not sure if he is from Hisar, but I do know he was born in Hisar.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth, who also starred in The Assassination of Jesse James.
Thor is a classic movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson
Yes he is a very good actor. He starred in The Avengers which is a science fiction film.
Then I would recommend if you haven't seen any of his movies.
I sure can! He wrote The Butterfly Effect. It's a great book.
Yes, The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller and horror film written by Eric Brees. Eric Brees starred in The Final Destination 2 and its sequel The Final Destination 2.
William Scott also wrote and directed The Final Destination.
Sure, October Sky is a thriller starring James Coburn. Would you like to know anything else about this movie?
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of her, but I do like her in the movie Crossroads. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Pauly Shore is Dead as well, and she also wrote, directed, and produced.
You're welcome.
300 is directed by him.
It's considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
Sure, Tessa Thompson starred in this movie.
Sure, Tessa Thompson starred in this movie.
Yes I do! It's a great Sci-Fi series. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It sure was! It's a great Sci-Fi movie. It was released in 1998 and directed by David Ayer.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Persuasion is a romance novel by Jane Austen.
That's correct. It's a great drama.
It's written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Not sure, but The Shadowhunter's Codex is another good one. Have you read it?
I'm not sure but the book was made into a movie.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation along with Tom Cruise.
Yes he was in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder and Vanilla Sky. Have you seen either of those?
Your welcome.
I don't really follow them that much. Are they a good team?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think of them?
I haven't been a fan since they were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII. What sport do you like?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
Then you might also like The Tenant of Wildfell Hall.
Yes, I do. I would highly recommend it.
I don't watch soccer much but I do enjoy watching soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree with you on the team. I'll have to check out some other players.
I agree with you! I'm a big fan of the players.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read any of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Sure! The Golden Compass and The Dark Far Thing are also fantasy books. Do either of those interest you?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
No problem! Have a great day.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
Yes,He is a female golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes. I believe she is from Honolulu.
That is true. What do you think of her sister Serena Williams?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
It was released in 1999. It also starred Ridley Scott.
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
I don't really know much about him other than he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
I didn't know that! Do you know if he has a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake?
I don't think so. I think he's married now.
In addition to Monsters Inc, you may enjoy Valkyrie.
The Golden Compass is a Disney movie
If you like Adventure films, you should also check out Toy Story.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
I have not, but it's genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I will add them to your list. I hope you enjoy them.
I agree! He's great! He's a great tennis player.
I have heard of Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal. What about you?
I agree with you on that. I think Marat Safin is very good
You're Welcome
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Crucible, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Complete Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1914.
Glad I could help.
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings by Philip Pullman?
You're welcome!
I have not. I'm not a fan of the genre but I do know it was written by Veronica Roth.
She also wrote Insurgent. Do you like her work?
It is a suspense story. Do you like suspense stories?
You are welcome
Yes, I do! What's your favorite song by her?
I don't know much about her sing either but I do know that she is a singer-songwriter.
I don't think so. I do know that she's in a movie.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! He starred in The Box and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Tenant of Wildfell Hall. Have you read it?
Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult.
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do like Premier League. What is your favorite sport?
I'm not a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't like Cleveland, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Bud Adams.
Oh, ok. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't really follow football much. What sport do you like?
I agree. I'm not a fan of the Cleveland Browns. I think he's had a 4-6-1 record.
He directed Deadpool and wrote Witness. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime movie. Do you like drama?
Yes, she's a great actress. I liked her in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I haven't really heard that one, what is it about?
It's a novel written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, it's written by Lois Lowry and is also in the Speculative genre.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells is a screenwriter who wrote Charlotte's Web
It was! Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web as well.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in The Making of star wars. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know of any other comedy films, but I do know The Running Man and Get Shorty are some of them.
Sure! Submarine is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have access to that information right now but I do know the two are action movies.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you know that The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was written by Douglas Adams?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, if you haven't already.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was released in 1995. It is a Fiction, Mystery, and Crime Fiction.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a mystery/fantasy book written by Douglas Adams.
You're very welcome!
I really like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R &B.
They are very popular in the K-pop genre, like Nsync and Backstreet Boys.
I don't really know any of them, but I do know they are very popular in the Ugly. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
Yes, I believe so. He was a linebacker as well.
I'm a big fan of sports. I'm a big fan of hockey.
Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Other science fiction films are; X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is written by Chris Hemsworth and is considered a thriller.
The Unusual Suspects is also similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it is starring Tom Hanks and Johnny Depp. Would you like to know more about it?
I haven't seen it but it's a comedy too, do you like comedy too?
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate is starring Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington is a great movie. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes! Rufus Sewell also starred in the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama, do you like dramas? If so The Pianist is highly recommended.
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that she has a sister named Rory McIIroy.
No, I didn't know that! What genre do you like?
American Gangster also starred Scarlett Johansson.
That's where she lives in Palm Beach, have you been?
He directed The Illusionist. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, if you like suspense, you'll like Without Remorse.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read it?
Have you read Shutter Island? It is also a Sci-Fi novel.
It was written by A.A. Milne. It's a great choice for you.
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction?
Pandemonium was written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
It was written by Stephen King. Do you like his books?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her! I liked her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
Yes it is. It's a very good relationship with Madonna. I'm not surprised if she acted in that movie. She was influenced by Kate Winslet.
Yes that's correct. I'm not sure if that's the same with Madonna, but I'm a fan of her relationship.
Yes I've heard that one. I'll check it out. Thanks for the information!
That is correct. I will have to check it out. Thanks!
Sure! That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski.
No, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Of course! Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här. It is in English.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned, and many others.
He wrote Zoo as well.
Tess Gerritsen was released in 1998.
Did you like Forrest Gump because it starred Tom Hanks?
He's so funny! Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in That Thing You Do?
That movie was directed by Tom Hanks and produced by Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
The Wrestler is a drama/romance released in 2003
It was a drama and directed by Darren Aronofsky
Francis Ford Coppola directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, Apocalypse Now stars William Broyles, William Broyles, and James Coburn.
It's considered a historical period drama, but also stars Tom Hanks.
Sure Mr. Smith is a great Horror movie. Do you like Horror movies?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like thriller, you should check out Shark Night.
You're very welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read either of those?
I am not sure, but Hayley Atwell also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's considered a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
Are you a patriots fan? I'm a patriots fan.
Yeah, I agree. He's one of the best coaches of all time.
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Zoe Kravitz also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road. It also starred Charlize Theron.
Yes, I believe so.
She was in The Brave One and she starred in it as well and was in The Brave One.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It was released in 2014
Have you read anything by E. Lockhart?
You're Welcome
Do you like Seven Pounds because it is starring Will Smith or because it is a Will Smith?
Sure! It's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like his books?
Yes, it is. It's also a film.
Yes, it was. It was also released in 2005. Have you seen it?
Got it. Enjoy!
I know he's an athlete, a football player from Wales.
It looks like he's also a midfielder.
Yes, Wales is a great place to visit.
She is a singer-songwriter, lyricist, singer, singer, singer, and songwriter.
I love her music. Did you know she's from Nashville?
Yes, she's a very talented man. I actually don't know much about her, but I'm a fan of Taylor Swift.
I have not, but it's written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
I have not, but if you like psychological thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. If you like thrillers, you should enjoy Shark Night.
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like her?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a movie also starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure, Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome.
I know a little about him. He plays for the Poland national football team.
He plays midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski is born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
It's a fantasy novel by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass's works? She also wrote The Queen.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like X-men because it's a sci-fi movie? or because it stars Hugh Jackman.
If I had to choose, I would say Action is always a good choice.
The first one was X-Men: Days of Future Past. Hope you have a chance to see it.
You are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Gone Girl because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
That's great! I really liked Short Stories, written by Gillian Flynn.
You're welcome!
The Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel. Do you like Yann Martel movies?
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It is Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It's a great book. It was written by Tony Tanner. It's a speculative fiction book.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures, which are both great books.
Yes. I'm not sure.
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Golden Compass is a great action film
Fair Game is starring Sean Penn and Jeff Bridges
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes he did. Amadeus is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre? You should check it out.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it.
C.S. Lewis wrote The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read it?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book written by C.S Lewis. It is part of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
It was released in 1950.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really know much about it either. I do know that he's a great player as well.
No, I haven't heard of him. Is he a good athlete?
I'm a big fan of his! I love his music. I'm a fan of his. How about you?
Yes, he starred in the movie Maroon 5 which is a romantic comedy genre. He also starred in The Good Doctor
Sure thing, one of my favorites is The One Minute Manager, and other is The One Minute Manager
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that The Secret Place is also by James Frey.
You are welcome.
Enjoy your book.
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure that you may like.
Michael Crichton has written a book called Lord of the Flies
it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
you are welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete that plays German football.
I don't really follow sports but I do know a lot about American Football. What about you? What about you?
I've never heard of that one. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is a writer. He wrote "Go Further".
I don't have any more information on that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course! Added to your book list.
Sure. Paulo Coelho wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames, which is also a book.
He wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It's a book.
You're welcome!
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Seattle Seahawks and the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. It's a great movie.
Eva Mendes was also in the movie, have you seen it?
Yes it is. It is a war thriller and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like that genre?
Bradley Cooper was in American Sniper. It was a sci-fi thriller, do you like sci-fi?
It's a drama, but it's more of a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I do! It's a classic! It's written by Martin Scorsese.
Yes. It's a great movie. It's a Fantasy genre.
Yes, Step Brothers is also a great Sci-Fi movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Ok. You should definitely watch the comedy, it's a little scary.
Sure. It's a comedy also starring Robert De Niro.
It's a good adventure movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by Andrew Stanton and was released in 2010.
Yes, if you like Tom Hanks, he also wrote Larry Crowne and Cast Away.
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne and it's a comedy.
It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a comedy. I think I'll give it a try.
You're welcome!
Yes I can! I highly recommend Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, it is a sci-fi starring Will Smith.
I actually don't have any more suggestions about movies starring Neeson but you might enjoy The Golden Compass starring Liam Neeson.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know they are part of the National Football League.
Wow! Who's your favorite player? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's yours?
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach John Farrell. Do you like them?
Yes, he is. Do you like the Indians?
I'm not a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help with?
I did not see that one. I will have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he wrote them both.
Your welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies starring Kate Winslet?
It's in the genre of sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
You're Welcome
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Goonies starred Robert C. O'Brien, Robert C. O'Brien, and Robert C. O'Brien.
Yes, she is. I love her music. Did you know Nicki Minaj is also a celebrity friend to Tyga?
I'm not a fan of her music. Is she a singer?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that she is a pop artist in that genre.
Yes I do. It's written by Christopher Paolini and was released in 2003.
It's considered speculative fiction.
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax, Horton Hears a Who, Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket. Have you read either of those?
Theodore is a horror book written by Theodore Lesieg
The Lorax was released in 1987
Have you heard of Welcome to the Monkey House?
Your welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Insomnia which is science-fiction as well.
Yes, he has. He's written a bunch of movies. He's written a bunch of movies, but he did a lot of movies.
Enjoy!
Ruben Fleischer wrote Gangster Squad which is a great book.
It was released in 1999
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
I do! I've heard the names of Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2007 and is in English.
I don't know any off the top of my head, but he did write Luftslottet som sprängdes as well.
Akira Kurosawa wrote The Seven Samurai.
Yes, Akira Kurosawa is one of the actors in the movie. It was released in 2005.
If you are into sci-fi, Yojimbo is a good example.
You're very welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions is starring Jack Nicholson. what else can i answer for you today?
How about Tragedy? what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I'm a Niners fan. I'm a Niners fan.
I like the Denver Broncos.
What would you like to know about the Redskinskins in the Superbowl?
I do not know any of his songs. I do know that he starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
Yes, I did. It was a great movie, do you like any of his movies?
Yes, I do. He was in a lot of movies. He was in The World's End, The Girl Who Stood Up, and The Secret of Moonwalker.
Scream is a horror movie. Do you like Horror films? If so, Scream is a great movie.
Ok, if you haven't seen Max Brooks films, I'll be sure to give it a try.
Brad Pitt was great in World War Z as well as Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't like them, but I do like their coach John Farrell. Do you like them?
Yes, I'm a fan of the Baltimore Orioles, but I'm a fan of the Baltimore Orioles.
I agree. I'm not sure. I think they've had a lot of good players. I'm not sure.
He is most famous for his movie Nightwatch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is a thriller directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like thrillers?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2 a sci-fi movie.
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men series.
That's correct. Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and he also wrote The Wolverine.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by John Green and starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
It was released the same year as The Way of the Gun and was released
There are so many great books to choose from, like X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Glad I could help
The Godfather stars Marlon Brando, do you like Marlon Brando or Robert Duvall?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now!
Great! Marlon Brando also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
I agree. Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather II?
I agree. The Godfather II is considered a classic.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're coached by Mike Zimmer.
Did you know Thorpe was a former Olympic athlete too?
Who owns the Pittsburgh Steelers there? I think he is from there.
I don't really follow football much so I'm not a fan of the Bears. Who's your favorite team?
Do you follow football closely? I'm a fan of the Bears.
I don't really follow sports sports either but I do like baseball. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both were written by Taylor Vincellen Bressack. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was written by Andrew Stanton and is considered a Drama.
The Namesake was written by J.K. Rowling and the genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, in that case, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you heard of that?
It's a science fiction book, written by Orson Scott Card.
Certainly!
Do you like movies starring Thomas F. Wilson? He starred in Zoom.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in Zoom. It's a great movie.
Enjoy
He is a country singer, do you like country music?
I don't have that information, but I do know he's a singer.
I don't know where he is from. I do know he was influenced by some of his music.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the -Pooh series
Yes, it was! It was released in 2004. You should give it a try.
I don't have that information right now. However, I can tell you that she wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was also written by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm not a big soccer fan. I'm not a big soccer fan. Are they a soccer team?
I really don't know much about football either. I'm more of a football fan.
What college team do you like for college?
I don't really know much about them. I do know the Steelers are coached by Mike Zimmer.
Well, I'm a NY Giants fan for sure. I think Mike Tomlin was a great coach.
Oh, I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers had a long career. Who is your favorite player?
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
It was a great movie, starring Sean Penn and Kate Winslet.
You got it! I hope you enjoy.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law.
That's a good one.
Yes she did
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards
Kim Dickens : Film Executive Produced: The Lake of Dreams.
Your welcome.
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It sure is! Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
It's a thriller. It's also a thriller.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Agent, have you heard of them?
It was released in 1817
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tempest, The Merchant of Venice.
Of course! What You Will is written by William Shakespeare in the fantasy genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
I think Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch are in the Imitation Game. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It's written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
Yes, he has. A Thousand Splendid Suns, The Mountains Echoed, and The Kite Runner.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know he's a basketball player.
He wrote The Secret Life of Bees, The Book of Mormon, The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon. Have you heard of any of those?
It is in the genre of Thriller, Drama, and Crime Fiction
Enjoy!
Great. Have a great day.
Yes she starred in Wonder Boys and The Ice Harvest. Have you seen either of those?
The Situation also starred Ridley Scott and was released in 2003.
Sure! Added to your watch list.
I'm not sure, but I heard he's good friends with Shaun White
Its a Comedy-drama, written by Shaun White and starred in it.
Isn't she in that show as well?
I would! It's a great book! It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about this book?
Then you might like The House of Mirth or The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
He wrote The Wackness starring Jane Adems. Have you seen it?
It is a drama, do you like drama?
The actors are Vanessa Redgrave and Tom Hanks.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? That's a classic.
Of course! The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Yes, he directed The Ghost Writer, The Ninth Gate, and The Ghost Writer.
The Ghost Writer is a good one.
It was released in 2010
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Jack London wrote The Wolverine, which is a satire. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Have you seen Call of the Wild?
No problem, I'm happy to help.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan starred in The Assassin and the Underworld.
Yes, James Franco also starred in Donnie Darko and it's a hilarious movie.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Judd Apatow also starred in a movie called Knocked Up, which is a comedy.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Mary wrote Frankenstein. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a modern Prometheus novel.
I'm not sure, but it was written by William Shakespeare.
You're very welcome!
Fight Club is written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton.
It's starring Edward Norton and Brad Pitt. It's considered a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden, to name a few.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington starred in The Siege. You should check it out.
You should watch The Siege if you like Denzel Washington.
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Seven Samurai.
Yes, he was. It's a great movie.
Enjoy your movies!
I'm not a fan of them, but I do know they're owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by George Steinbrenner.
I'm a fan of baseball. What about you? Do you have a favorite team?
I agree. The Lakers were a great team as well.
Sure, he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1997
Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner.
Sure, I can.
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time.
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and A Fistful of Dollars are also great movies.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a sci-fi movie.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a speculative fiction novel.
Then you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House
Sure Clint Eastwood has directed many movies, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen any of these?
Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman are in it. Do you like them?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War and The Civil War.
He directed Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 1999 and also stars Carmen Electra.
It was released in 1999 and also stars Carmen Electra.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
The Underdog is a Drama/Fantasy Film also starring Zach Grenier and J.K. Simmons. It is a very good movie
Yes, he has starred in How to Train Your Dragon and The Mask. Do any of those sound interesting?
I agree they are, they have won a lot of Super Bowls.
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but the owner is Jeffrey Lurie.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I've heard they're a very good team.
I like the New Orleans Saints, but the Patriots are my favorites!
Sure! American Beauty is a good one. Have you seen it?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in American Beauty.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it!
The Incredible Hulk is written by Stan Lee. It's a great movie.
You might enjoy The Incredible Hulk. It stars William Petty.
Yes. It was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Then you may like Annie Hall. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it is a zombie movie or because of the romance aspect of it?
If you like Brad Pitt, he also starred in X-Men, he's also in The Tree of Life.
Sure, do you need anything else?
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Fault in Our Stars and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Other Sci-Fi movies are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Where the Wild Things Are and Where the Wild Things Are.
It's a great movie with Ryan Reynolds! It's a family comedy-romance movie, have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk, which is a great movie.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
Yes, he's done quite a few things. One of my favorite is The Incredible Hulk, and Two for the Money.
Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Both are written by Ben Affleck and are starring in Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck also wrote The Town, which is a Romance and Historical period drama.
I am not sure, but The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, gustave flaubert wrote a book called  [Z no shmetsu]
It was released in 1856. It's a Romance novel.
It was released in 1856. You should check it out.
It is genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I can help with anything else. In this genre, there's Welcome to the Monkey House, The House of Mirth, The House of Mirth, The Invisible Man and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Tim Robbins, and Tom Cruise. Do you like any of these actors?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick. Do you like Stanley Kubrick's work?
Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder, have you seen that one?
It was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
He also wrote Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
The Best Man, Heavenly Creatures were written by him.
The Unbreakable is another good one
I know he's a song writer but I don't know much about him. What do you like?
Yes, I like them too. Do you like alternative rock?
I don't know much about them, but I do know he is from Nashville
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree and The Invisible Man. Have you seen either of those?
yes he was in Star Trek movies
It's written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1822.
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote The Scarlett Johansson and The House of Mirth.
It came out in 1922.
Your welcome.
I do! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Jamie Lee Curtis.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read it?
I'm more into Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you're correct. She's a very good writer.
It was, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita.
Jekyll and the movie was written by Stephen King,Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem there is anything else I can help you with
Then i also like the Picture of Dorian Gray
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
Its a Fantasy/Comedy/Crime fiction piece. Do you like the Warriors?
Yes, he's a point guard,he's a point guard too.
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
Do you like book books by the same author?
you are welcome
Is it the one written by J.R.R Tolkien?
He wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as the book. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
They're pretty good. They're coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
Who is your favorite player?
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro.
Have you read The Sea of Monsters? It's one of my favorites.
White Fang is more of a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like these actors?
No, I didn't know that. I'm not sure what genre it is. Is it a drama?
Yes, that's a good one as well. It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens, if that interests you.
Yes, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Christmas Carol? It is a comedy.
It was released in 2005, and also written by Marissa Meyer.
Yes! J.K. Rowling starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that?
I don't know much about him other than he wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
You must be a great fan of speculative fiction.
There are so many great ones, but most of his novels are in the genre of young-adult fiction. I would highly recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm not sure, but it's considered speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
Andrew Adamson wrote Toy Story 3. Toy Story is also a popular one.
Sure, Shrek 2 was released in 2013 and written by Andrew Adamson. He also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
I'm not a fan of baseball but I do know that they're in the National League East and are owned by Fred Wilpon.
I'm not too familiar with that one. I just heard that it's a good one.
Minute Maid is Minute Maid. It's one of my favorite movies, and I really liked it.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few.
It is a television series written and directed by Steven Spielberg.
I'm not a huge fan of Chealsea, but I do know that she is an author, athlete, and a musician.
The best team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like any of the Dallas Cowboys?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! It was written by Kong Kong and is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He wrote The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) which stars Arthur C. Clarke.
It was released in 2002
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach John Fox.
I'm not a fan of the Panthers, but I've heard they're a good team.
Yea, I'm not familiar with that one. I'm not a huge fan of football. He's a great coach.
Oh yeah I love drama in that case. I think I'll have to check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I'm not sure. Are you a fan of MBA?
I'm not a fan of sports movies. Is that one of your favorite genres?
Isn't he a point guard with the Minnesota Timberwolves?
I don't know much about them, I think he's a good player
I have not seen Lebron acting before. Isn't he a good actor
It's a great movie, written by Stephen King and it's considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Maze Runner or The Matrix.
Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome.
Have you seen the latest Batman Begins movie?
Yes, The Dark Knight is a sequel of the Dark Knight
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper.
The Mad Ship was released in 2014, and The Golden Fool in 2008.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake, and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of any of these?
It is speculative fiction
Z for Zachariah is a great one.
That's a great movie. It's a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure who stars in that movie. Are you a Tony Kaye fan?
Lake of Fire stars Virginia Woolf. It's a Crime Thriller
You're welcome.
Sure! E.V. Rieu wrote  .
E.V. Rieu wrote . .
The Flattered Poems and Other Poems, Is that something you are interested in?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're Welcome!
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and was released in 1985.
Yes they are.
You're welcome.
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who also directed Eyes Wide Shut.
The Golden Compass is a good psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
The Innocent which is also written by Stephen King is also a psychological thriller.
Glad I could help.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a book that was released in 2011
Certainly, I hope you enjoy
The Godfather starred Robert Duvall, who also starred in The Apocalypse Now
Yes he is one of the best Celtics players of all time. Did you know that they won the Championship in 2012?
Yes he is. He's one of the top players in the NBA.
I'm not a fan of them, but I do know they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I think they will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
It was. It was also written by Nicholas Linden. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Crescendo is a drama starring Matt Damon. Do you like the writer or genre?
Well it was written by Jane Austen and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Certainly. Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
It is a novel by Jane Austen who also wrote Mansfield Park.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. Do you like their music?
Oh, I haven't heard of them I've heard a lot about them. I'm not a fan of their music.
Andrew Stanton directed Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2002 and is in English. It is a children's literature genre.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in Finding Nemo as well as Finding Nemo.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Yes I do! He starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Powerpuff Girls 2?
I don't have any other Family movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in Jumbo
His father is a famous bowler and his father is a famous bowler.
Yes, and it was written by Simon Beaufoy
Yes, Damian Lillard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes, he is. Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really follow football much so I'm not sure if he is on the same team.
Yes The King's Speech is written by Iain Canningham and stars Thomas Lennon
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you know that he also starred in The King's Speech, which is also fantasy?
I'm a fan of her song La Tortura. What about you?
I don't know much about Sia Furler, but I do know that she has a good voice. She's from Australia.
Oh, I didn't know she was in a movie too, but I'm not sure who she is.
I'm not a fan of them, but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Oh, ok. I'm a Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Isn't he a point guard for the Denver Nuggets?
I'm not sure, but I agree he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. It would be great to know if he actually does.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, The Pillars of the Earth is a good one.
Sure, The Pillars of the Earth is a good one, have you seen it?
You are welcome. I hope you like them.
Yes! Brokeback Mountain stars Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his?
She was in a movie called No Strings Attached. It was really good.
I'm not a fan of the team but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Yes, I do. I think Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I like football so I'm not a huge fan of football either.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Would you like to try Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire or The Chronicles of Narnia?
Did you know she also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Casual Vacancy?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like Woody Allen movies? He wrote To Rome with Love. It's a romantic comedy.
Greta Gerwig is in To Rome With Love. She does star in To Rome with Love.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. She also wrote The Fountainhead.
In that case, I have The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Well, there's Welcome to the Monkey House, that's one of my favorites!
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of these?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993.
It was released in 2004. It is a fiction work.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like it because it's a comedy, or because it stars Seth Rogan?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in Pineapple Express and also in The Green Hornet.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Queen. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Oh yes! I love her! She's one of my favorites. I'm a fan of her.
Yes, I do. What about you? What about you?
It is, I like it too. Do you like how to listen to it?
Inception' was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Christopher Nolan wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure, but I highly recommend it.
Enjoy the movie!
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team.
Exactly, what do you think of Dani Alves play for?
I don't really follow them much but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I don't think they will make the playoffs this year. Who is your favorite team?
Well, I think they're doing well this year, what's your opinion
Well, would you like to know what genre it is, or do you like the writing of this book?
It was originally published in 1853 the same year that Jane Austen wrote The Old Curiosity Shop.
Empire Falls was also written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read that one?
It was also written by Charles Dickens.
Great class is class is class from the English language.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure. She also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction by Kierra Cass.
You're welcome.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol
Yes, it is action packed as well.
Romantic realism. I'm not sure if you'd like it.
Enjoy!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a great book. It was released in 1949. Do you like books by George Orwell?
You're welcome.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago, Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Sure! He wrote The Green Mile, which is speculative fiction book.
It was written by Terry Pratchett, and it's genre is fantasy.
Well, if you like cartoonists, you might enjoy The Golden Compass.
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit movies. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Traveler's Wife, and The Words. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods was written by Bradley Cooper and is considered a drama/mystery.
It's a mystery/fantasy. It's a very good movie.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Think and Grown Again has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, to name a few. Do you like poems?
It was released in 1851.
You're welcome
Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Are they your favorite football team?
I'm not sure who that is where he is from.
Aladdin was written by Chris Hemsworth and is considered a tragedy. Do you like his work?
Have you seen the X-Men series?
You should check out Ratatouille
He directed The End of the Affair, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Good Thief also starred in Wreck-It Ralph Fiennes. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed such well-known films as Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Do you like Zombie music?
He also wrote Insomnia which is a good one.
You are welcome.
Downfall is a war film that was produced by Stanley Kubrick. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Downfall is starring Ulrich Thomsen, Tess Harnell, Tessa Thompson
The Baader Meinhof Complex has genre Historical period drama, do you like these genres?
your welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of her?
What's your favorite song from her?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You are welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Sedaris and Denim. It's a great book.
Oh, that's right! I think I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
You're welcome!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that movie?
Youth in Revolt is a horror film. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome enjoy
Great have a great day!
You're welcome
Blood Diamond was written by Philip Pullman. Do you like the movie Blood Diamond because it is a drama?
J.K. Simmons starred in Unleashed
The Lord of War was released in 2003
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: First Class and The Mechanic.
RoboCop 3. Would you like to know other films he acted in?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Passengers
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
She has starred in quite a few movies, including The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate.
Yes, she's starred in it, and it's a comedy.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
It was released in 2001. Have you seen it?
In the same year, The Chronicles of Riddick and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was released as well.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these?
Okay, then I can recommend What Lies Beneath that was written by Louis Sachar.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a Speculative fiction.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like Nightcrawler movies?
The Bourne Identity starred Tom Hanks. He also directed The Bourne Identity.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Secret Life of Pi. Have you seen it?
It is a great adventure film. You should definitely check it out.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, you might like it.
Yes, Yûki Amami is an anime film, he also starred in The Scarlett Johansson.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood starring William Peterson. It's a Historical period drama.
There were no stars in that movie, but it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson
You are welcome.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Raven. Have you read either of those?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and it's a crime fiction book. Do you like crime fiction?
Absolutely, have a great day
Sure, have a great day
Sure, I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure, have a great day
I heard it is a great book but its a mystery. I think I have heard of it before.
Certainly.
Yes, you are correct.
You're welcome
Sure, Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Pale Fire and Lolita. Have you read any of these?
Pinn is known for writing The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,
Yes, he did
It is speculative fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. Its a comedy-romance novel.
Its a fantasy book, do you like that genre?
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
I'm not a huge fan of his but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere, who starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko wrote Scream 4.
Not really, but if you like courteney Cox, I think you'll really enjoy Scream 4.
That's right! That's a classic!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who and Green Eggs and Ham?
That's correct! Have a great day!
Can you tell me about Kung Fu Panda 2?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies including The Quick and the Dead.
Yes he was in that movie too.
No problem!
Yes. E.B. White wrote The Trumpet of the Swan. It was really good.
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. She also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Have you read that one?
Ben Stiller is in the Dozen as well. Do you like Ben Stiller? Ben Stiller is in the movie.
It was released in 2004. Do you like comedies?
Yes, do you like comedies?
Do you need anymore recommendations?
The Terminator stars James Franco and is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi thrillers?
Yes, The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
She is an author who wrote The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso.
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
Deception Point is written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a thriller, do you like this genre?
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Great! Do you have a favorite family show?
You're very welcome!
Sure, I'll do that!
He directed The Invisible Man, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Inland Empire is a thriller.
The characters are Daniel Day-Lewis and Glenn Plummer.
It was released in 2001.
Sure thing!
You're welcome
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Tender is the Night? That's a drama.
It stars Robert Duvall and is a classic rock.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a Spanish professional tennis player who is currently world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, I agree with you on that. I think only Venus is Serena.
Oh yea he's pretty good. I guess he's lost a lot of matches against the Pats.
Sure, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about the book?
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the genre of Drama and Comedy, have you heard of it?
You are welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of her, but I heard she's very good.
I don't know a lot about her music but I think I heard she's really good.
Wow, I didn't know that. What do you think of her? She's from the United States of America.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it stars Sandra Bullock and is a romantic comedy.
Yes they both starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist. Have you read either of those?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
The Portable Atheist is not a book but he also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Your welcome
I know he plays soccer for the Colombia national football team.
I'm not familiar with that team. I know that Falcoa Falcao played on the Colombia national football team.
Yes he was. He was drafted by the Colombia national football team.
I love her sister Serena. I'm not too familiar with her sister.
That's interesting. Brett Ratner also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure about that, but the Shark Night Stars Katharine McPhee was great in that.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Robert C. O'Brien wrote Three Cups of Tea.
Yes, she's a great author! She wrote The Beautiful Damned. Have you read that one?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
Of course, i'm not sure. However, I can tell you that Alice Sebold starred in Visiting Hours.
Yes, it is written by Jack London.
You are welcome.
Isn't she a tennis player right?
I really don't follow tennis much, but I do know he is also a cricket player.
Hantuchova was not in the 2012 Olympics. He was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, Usain Bolt was. She was in the 2012 Summer Olympics too, right?
Are you a fan of Thor: The Dark World because it stars Natalie Portman?
Then you'll like The Assassination of Jesse James by the way.
That movie is also written by Chris Weitz and stars Sam Elliott, Nicole Kidman, Sam Elliott, and Nicole Kidman.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor
I believe so, he's in a lot of movies.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Are you into speculative fiction genre?
Definitely, it's a great book!
I don't know what he directed but he did direct the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, that's correct. I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I am a fan of Phil Mickelson, did you know he won the 2010 PGA Championship?
What do you think of Phil Mickelson?
Okay, I'm not a big fan of that show but I do know that it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Truman Capote wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, have you read it?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in that movie as well. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the movies he mentioned. What did you think of him?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's considered a Self-help book.
That's correct. Did you know that The One Minute Manager was released in 1981?
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey. It's a Thriller.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was written by Terry Gilliam. He also wrote Tropic Thunder, which is also a thriller.
You are correct! Hunter S Thompson wrote Hell's Angels, which is considered Action Film. Do you like action films?
Yes, it's a Political Thriller - like The City of Ember.
I do! She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
I believe it's considered a thriller and mystery. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information showing that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
Isn't he the one that wrote The Green Mile starring Tom Hanks?
If you like thrillers, The Mist is also considered a classic.
Certainly, do you like National Lampoon?
Great, I'll add it to your favorites.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons starring Angelina Jolie.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy both were in Bourne Legacy
It's a thriller
yes great action thrillers
anything else i can help with
your welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is written by Art Spiegelman. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends. Shel Silverstein also wrote When the Wind Blows
The Missing Piece by Shel Silverstein is also written by the same author.
You're Welcome!
I know that he is a country singer, do you like country?
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know that she has a lot of friends with Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez.
Yes, I do. Did you know Speak Now was written by Bryan Singer?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorites. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery genre.
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Park.
The Doors stars Orlando Bloom, Johnny Depp, and Michael Byrne.
Yes, The Doors is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Okay. The Name of the Wind is a good one.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Okay, then I recommend The Hunger Games and The Giver.
Isn't he a soccer player from England?
Isn't he married to Coleen Rooney
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays soccer
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Yes, I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
Oh, that's very true. I'm not sure who wins a Superbowl for this season.
Are you a fan of the genre of the movie genre, or would you like another movie by the same author, Stephen King?
She also stars in the movie Twilight. Would you like to know more about that one?
Yes, The Last Five Years is also a Sci-Fi Thriller, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Sure! Do you like Science Fiction Films?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. It's a great book.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete that plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
I don't know much about it, but I do know a bit about it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, he is, and he is also a midfielder.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It's a science fiction novel written in English
Yes, I think you'd enjoy The Gods of Mars, a great book.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Barcelona but I do know he's an athlete.
I think I saw him on the news sometimes. I think he was very talented.
Yes, Louis van Gaal did! He's a great player as well!
Yes, he was a great coach as well.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the High Castle and The City of Ember.
Joseph Heller is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist.
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James, who also wrote The Gathering Storm.
Yes, I have. E.L. James also wrote Fifty Shades Freed. Have you read other Fifty Shades Freed.
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
Yes, it was published in 2012
You are welcome. Enjoy
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It's considered speculative fiction, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it was released in 2010. Do you like her work?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit. It is an excellent book.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he's an actor who starred in No Country for Old Men.
Yes, it was written by James Dashner
I am not sure, do you like any other dramas?
I see he wrote Apocalypto som hatar kvinnor
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer. It's a classic!
It was released in 2004.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Washington Redskins but I do know that they're owned by Dwight Schar.
That's right, they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he does. He's a great player as well.
Sure thing. Girl with a Pearl Earring is written by Joseph Heller, who also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, it's a sci-fi novel. Do you like scifi?
I'm not sure who wrote Snow Crash. I do know that The Last Man was written by Jeff Goldblum.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a thriller?
Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder and starred in The Cable Guy.
I recommend a comedy-dramas.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm sorry, I don't have information about that. I'm sorry.
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It stars Xander Berkerley, Frank Grillo, and Renny Harlin
It was released in 1999
Your Welcome
I'm not a huge Chicago Bears fan, but I do know they're having a good season this year. Who is your favorite team?
I really don't think so. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan myself. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLI and Super Bowl XLI
Oh I see, I'm not a fan of the Bears. I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
I don't think so, but John Liman directed it. It's a great film.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Jez Butterworth starred in the movie Fair Game. It's also a drama.
I don't have that information right now. I can give you some information about the movie Fair Game if you like.
Yes, John Stafford and Sam Shepard starred in both of the movies.
Isn't he a point guard for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association?
Yes, she's married to Gabrielle Union. She wrote The Memoirs of Gods and Daughters, which is very interesting.
Yes, it was. It's also written by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie. It's a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It also starred James Franco. Are you a fan of his movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Do you like his work?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Sullivan Stapleton.
You're welcome. It was released in 2014.
I don't have any suggestions for Fantasy but if you like Fantasy you'll like The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, she is. I hope you enjoy the movie.
I don't have any information showing that she was in, but if you like her in the movie, you should check out Blade Runner
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of baseball, but I heard they're a very successful team. Who's your favorite team?
It is! It was released in 1999. He's a great player as well.
Great, I'm not too familiar with any of them, but if I had to choose one of those players I'd love to.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde starred in that movie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was also made into a movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston.
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that's a historical novel by Charles Dickens.
She also wrote The House of Mirth, The House of Mirth, and The House of Mirth.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete who plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C? I don't really follow soccer.
Yes, the Alabama natives are an Alabama fan.
Thanks for letting me know!
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness. Have you read any of those?
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it's written by John Steinbeck?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical Novel and Children's Literature do you like these genres?
I will have to check it out. Thanks!
I think it was released in 2008. I think you'll really enjoy it.
I'm not sure who wrote that book but it was released in 2006, I think it was a great read.
You are welcome have a great day.
Do you like the Bruges because it's written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, Tom Waits starred in Seven Psychopaths and also in Seven Psychopaths.
I do! She was also in Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Scarlett Johansson, Bill Murray and also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
Sure. She also starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
She also starred in a movie called SpaceCamp as well.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by William Shakespeare.
It is a fiction book
He also wrote The Invisible Man and The Time Machine as well.
Are you a fan of the author, Fredrik Backman?
It was a great book. Did you know it was written by Fannie Flagg?
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was written by Stephen King?
Have you heard of The Running Man? It is also in the same genre.
Yes, The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman. I haven't seen it yet.
Interstellar has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, and also stars Stephen Fry. Do you know any of these actors?
You are welcome.
The Hungers Games is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
The movie also starred Chris Weitz. Are you a fan of his?
She also starred in What's Your Number? a Romance Film
Your welcome
I don't know much about him. I think he's a great athlete.
I haven't had a chance to watch match. Who's your favorite player?
I'm not a big fan of tennis but I've heard it's really fun to watch.
Sure! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta did write Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a writer, screenwriter and producer.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was Science Fiction?
The Last Stand has a genre of Thriller, do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a sci-fi movie based on the true story of Logan.
Certainly!
Yes, he's a great actor! He wrote the movie Monster Inc and starred in it.
Yes, Rian Johnson directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that movie?
I haven't seen a drama film, but I've heard it's great. I'm not sure if it's good.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. what else can i do for you?
The Godfathter also wrote The Godfathter.
The Godfather was released in 1990
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
The Shining is a great horror story, have you heard of it?
There is. The Dead Zone has a genre of Thriller.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, they are.
Will Smith starred in I Am Legend. It is a sci-fi thriller.
I am Legend is a thriller and Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
He was also in the movie The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen this movie yet?
I am not a fan of Fuzz. Can you tell me who starred in Hot Fuzz?
Hot Fuzz is an action movie and also adventure film. If you haven't seen it yet, you should check it out.
Yes it is. You should check it out.
I don't know a lot about him. I think he's the only song I know from him. What about you?
I like more of a Justin Timberlake fan, do you like him?
I haven't heard of him, what is he doing? I'm not a big fan of his music.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee, it's genre is fiction.
Yes, it was also written by Harper Lee
Sure! Les Miserables is written by Patricia Arquette. It's considered a historical period drama.
You might enjoy The Golden Compass, it's a musical-theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for that genre.
The Deer Hunter is a thriller, written by Dan Brown. It's starring Tom Hanks.
The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep starred in this movie
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers? Katherine McPhee is in it
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they're having a good season. I'm not sure who they've been there yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cold Mountain starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like movies starring Bruce Willis?
I did not watch that movie. I really liked Renee Zellweger in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
If you like Cold Mountain you may want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, J.K. Simmons is a screenwriter and a screenwriter.
J.K. Simmons has written many films, including The Assassination of J.K. Simmons, The Blade Runner, and The Blade Runner.
Ginnifer Goodwin is another good thriller you should check out. It's a thriller too.
Public Enemies starred Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure what else he has starred in but the thriller The Rum Diary is good. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he's very funny. I'm not sure if he's funny but I'm sure he's pretty funny.
Okay, I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
William Paterson starred in this movie. It's a great Thriller.
It was released in 1999
If you like the Star Wars movies, you should check out Star Wars.
The Fugitive also stars Harrison Ford. You should check it out.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you read either of those?
Sure, do you like books by J. M. Barrie, or do you want to read more books by him?
It is historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes! It's a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel. Are you a fan of him?
VIn Diesel also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I'm sure you'll love it!
Yes! He wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read any of his books?
Yes it did. Do you like thrillers? You should watch it.
Yes that's a great movie I've seen that one. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes that's correct. I hope you enjoy it!
I am not sure, but he did star in The Gazebo
The Gazebo is a drama and crime movie as well.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and produced This Is the End. Would you like to hear more about it?
It's a comedy-drama written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by David McRaney
Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed and starred in
Skyfall stars Edward Norton and David Yancey.
Yes, he has. He also starred in The Longest Ride and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen either of those?
Mark Boal is the producer for this movie.
It is a historical period drama.
Yes, I do. Adventure is a good one.
You're welcome!
It is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes. I like her too. I think I'll read Dead to the World, which is also a mystery.
Have you read Dead to the World? It's written by him.
You're welcome.
Sure, I have heard of him. He's a great director! Do you like his movies?
It's considered a Fantasy and action movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you are correct.
You're welcome.
The book is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I think he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you a fan of this genre?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
I can recommend a couple of movies. One of them is X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
If you like that one, you should check out The Proposal. It's a thriller.
I hope you like them.
Yes I do. Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Hobbit
There's The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endeding.
Do you like Tom Cruise because Tom Cruise is in it or because is a Action Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
Your welcome.
My pleasure.
Great! I hope you like it!
Yes, he's a pretty good singer. I really liked him when he was younger. Do you like him?
Yes, I have and if you like Biographical films, he also wrote You've Been Warned
I do, I'm not a huge fan of Sci-Fi flicks but if you like Sci-Fi you should watch it.
I do! It was written by Ian Fleming and it is a spy film.
If you like thriller films, I recommend True Lies.
Yes! It is a Spy Film, also starred by James Cameron.
He is a soccer player who plays for Mexico national football team.
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You are welcome, do you follow soccer much?
Sure! O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Last Hero. Have you read that one?
Paulo Coelo coelo wrote Diario de um Mago and Adulto Coelo.
No, Onze minutos is written by Portuguese.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I do! He play on the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal League team. Are you a fan?
I like to watch Football. What about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! I love the Dallas Cowboys! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by William Weaver.
The Last Samurai has a genre of Historical period drama and crime fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes, she starred in The Pink Panther 2 and also The Last Samurai.
Yes, Andy Garcia also starred in The Perfect Score. It's a romantic comedy.
Sure. Both were written by the same director and are great movies.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I have not seen it and I've just seen it with Ned Beatty, right?
I have not seen that one, isn't it good?
I'm not really sure if I can help with anything else. I'll add it to your watch list.
He's a great director! He directed The Kingdom, The Kingdom, and The Kingdom. Have you seen any of these movies?
It is a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
It was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Sure, Wonder was written by RJ Palacio and released in 2014.
Yes, that's correct
The Notebook was also released that year
Your welcome
Bill Murray is very talented! He wrote a lot of his movies, including How's That Chick and How's That Chick. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Bill Murray and starred in Zombieland
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Princess Bride. Have you read it?
It is a historical novel
It was written in 1850
Have you heard of Wildwood Dancing? It was written by the same author.
Yes, Persuasion is written by J.D. Salinger and was released 1817.
Persuasion is in the genre of speculative fiction. Another example of that genre is Mansfield Park.
If you like romance, you'll like Lady Gaga by Jane Austen.
You're welcome.
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Gathering Storm and The Little Prince. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama and crime.
You should check out Taxi Driver if you like crime movies.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Of course, I think you would have to read Russian.
Glad to be of help
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a Fantasy genre movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Do you like him as an actor or director?
Yes, The Memory Keeper's Daughter was written by Kim Edwards
I have The Secrets of a Fire King, The Lake of Dreams, and The Lake of Dreams.
What do you think of The Lake of Dreams do you like?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number? which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
Sean Connery starred in What's Your Number. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
You're welcome
He is a tennis player. He born in Switzerland and Participate the 2012 summer Olympics.
No, I am not a fan of tennis but I do know he is from Switzerland.
I'm not sure, but he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors was written by Augusten Burroughs. Do you like the author or genre?
A Wolf at the Table is a book written in English language book. It was released in 1982.
Yes, you are correct. It is a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
The fates of human societies was written by Jared Diamond. He also wrote The Spirit.
It is speculative fiction.
It is written by Philip Pullman.
He wrote My Soul to Take and starred in Scream 4. Have you seen those?
Yes, Wes Craven also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if Harris Yulin starred in My Soul to Take, but he also starred in The Sorcerer's Stone.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Anne Rice wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1818.
Yes, she did. In the same year The Titan's Curse was released.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman, The Absolute Sandman, and The Absolute Sandman.
The Graveyard Book is actually part of the series, The Graveyard Book is also in the Fantasy genre. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote The Secret Garden, The Little Friend, and The Giver. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
It's considered a speculative fiction.
It was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, he directed The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis. It's a sci-fi thriller.
It's considered a historical period drama.
I'm not a huge fan of them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I think the Seahawks will have to go to the Super Bowl this year. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure who is the current head coach, but the Seahawks would have a good chance.
I have only seen the live game a few years ago but will be watching the Seahawks games. Who is your favorite?
The Last Crusade was written by Philip Kaufman, who also wrote The Star Wars.
Scott Glenn directed this movie
I don't have information on any other movies he directed, but I can tell you that he also wrote The National Treasure.
Yes! The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy
Yes, he is in that one. I really liked him in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen any of them but I've heard it's very good.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, J.R.R.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Lord of the Rings and other books he also wrote
Snow White and the Huntsman was adapted by John Lee Hancock.
Yes. It's a classic. It's been made into a movie since it's been a long time since I think.
He was in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman to name a few.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Yes, I have read The Lightning Thief, and The Son of Sobek, have you read any of them?
It's a fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy? You might also like The Lightning Thief.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
She starred in Vanishing Acts and Tiny Beautiful Things.
The Devil Wears Prada is a book she wrote that. It was also made into a movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was written by Sara Dessen and is a thriller.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger. Do you like Tom Hardy's work?
Yes, The Prestige is also by Christopher Nolan.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool has genre Adventure
He is a great Athlete! I really liked him when he was with the Miami Heat.
Yes, he is. I really liked him when he was younger.
Thanks for letting me know if I could help
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Why Did I Get Married Too? It is a young-adult fiction.
It was written by John Green and is in the genre of young-adult fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever It Takes.
It's a Romantic Comedy - if you like to watch it, you should check it out.
It was released in 2003
Enjoy!
Is she the author of The Joy Luck Club?
The Joy Luck Club is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction? The Hundred Secret Senses is fiction.
Yes, it's a great read!
Yes, he's one of my favorite actors. He's one of my favorites! Have you seen The Apostle? It's one of my favorite movies.
It starred Harrison Ford. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Robert Duvall and starred Harrison Ford.
It's a horror film. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome.
I do not know of any of the movies he directed, but I do know that he wrote The Wrestler, starring Mark Waters.
Tod Fennell also starred in that movie. It was released in 1998.
It appears to be a psychological thriller. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome!
Sure, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Austen has written many books including Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
Paint It Black was released in 2004 and is a novel. Paint It Black was published in 2004.
You are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa has written a number of Japanese films, including Yojimbo, Yojimbo, and Ran.
If you like adventure movies, you should check out Toy Story 3. It is a Adventure movie.
It appears that Seven Samurai starred in that movie as well as Kung Fu Panda 2.
Sure thing! Have a great day.
Steven Spielberg directed Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes that's right! It was also released in 1862.
Muc & Juliet was also written by him
Its a great one as well.
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane is a drama/mystery movie and was released in 1988.
your welcome
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read them?
Jodi Picoult actually wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Book of Mormon.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens is great! He wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist.
Yes, he did. It's a great book. I think you'd enjoy it.
That's correct! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could help!
I think he's an athlete who's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I'm not a fan. What about you?
I'm a big fan of hockey
I'm not sure. I'm sure they have a good season this year.
I do, did you know that Hellboy is starring William Lee Scott?
I don't know what else he directed, but you might know the Keanu Reeves starring Robert Duvall.
No, Hellboy's Labyrinth is actually a comic book, but I'm not sure if they're related to Hellboy.
Yes, she wrote The War of the Worlds. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living. Do you like the novel?
It was published in 1957 as a Novel by Ayn Rand
It was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote If I Stay.
Have you read Wicked Lovely or When You Reach me? They are also young-adult fiction.
You are most welcome.
You're welcome.
Certainly! Mark Osborne starred in Kung Fu Panda and The Little Prince.
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in Kung Fu Panda 2 and also Monsters vs. Aliens.
I'm not sure what else he is in, but he also directed The Little Prince. I highly recommend that one.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The author is James Patterson who wrote 1st to Die.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is also Fiction and it was released in 1985.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are coached by Steve Kerr and Mark Jackson.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I do. I'm not a huge fan of basketball either. I think I have heard of Lebron James. Who's your favorite player?
I'm more of a fan of football. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes. I like football. What about you?
That's interesting. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Historical period drama.
It was released in 2003.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and was released in 1996.
Both of the actors were in Blood In, Blood Out. It's a psychological thriller.
It was released in 2004
No problem!
Divergent is in the genre of Science Fiction, do you like this genre?
Then you might like The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2.
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay did write Boomerang.
I don't show any other books by her. However, she did write Paper Towns.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Children's Literature
Anna Sewell was born in 1876, have you read it?
You're welcome.
I don't know any of them, but I do know that they were written by Adam Levine
Yes he does! He was in the movie The Voice. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if it is a show. I guess it could be a good show as well!
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Are you interested in her work?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Are you interested in any of her other books?
Glad I could help!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm not sure but it's a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
If you like Sci-Fi movies, I would recommend The X-Men movies.
Yes, CCH Pounder wrote a book called The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you read it?
Oh, he sure did. It's a great book.
Oh, I'll have to check it out.
No, I'm not sure about Zodiac, but it also starred Aidan Turmer.
You're welcome!
I love Russel Wilson's work! He's great! I think he's done a great job. I'm a fan of his work.
Yes, you are right. I love the Seahawks. I'm a Seahawks fan.
I'm not a Packers fan, but I do like the Saints and Patriots.
Sure thing! Hayao Miyazaki directed The Fountainhead and Ponyo and The Fountainhead. Have you seen either of those?
Ponyo starred in the film. It was released in 2011. I think you would also enjoy a couple of other family adventure films.
It was written by Hayao Miyazaki. It also starred Charlize Theron.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Since you like true stories, I would recommend The Manchurian Candidate by Matt Damon.
LOL! I'm glad I could help!
It is a psychological thriller, I think you should give it a try!
I'll play it for you!
Yes, I am a huge fan of his! He is a very talented athlete, athlete, athlete, and athlete.
I'm not sure who he played for but I know the Saints are in the NFC south. I don't follow football much.
It would be great to watch them all the time.
Have you seen the great movie, Hudson Hawk? It's a classic.
Then I would recommend a couple of my favorites, The Hobbit series. Have you seen any of them?
Are you a fan of Willis? He starred in The Hobbit series.
Yes, it is. It is also considered a Action movie.
Will do! Enjoy!
Enjoy your movies!
Gran Torino is a Clint Eastwood movie written by Clint Eastwood, do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
Warm Bodies starred Tim Pigott-Smith. Would you like to know more about it?
Cory Hardrict starred in the movie as well as Cory Hardrict
You're welcome!
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read either of those?
It's a Warbreaker. Do you like Warbreakers? If you like Warbreakers, you'll love The Last Battle.
It was released in 2004
You're welcome.
Do you like movies starring Jada Pinkett Smith?
Certainly! One of my favorites is The Walt Disney Films. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, she is! It's a classic! It's a Christmas story if you haven't seen it already.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a great science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction novels?
Have you read The Witch of Blackbird Pond?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, David O. Russell directed The Three Musketeers and The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, he did star in that movie
You are welcome
He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that one?
He was in most of the Star Wars films. He was also in the drama, The Scorpion King, as well as the movie The Fugitive.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it starred Tom Hanks?
No, I do not have that information
your welcome
That's a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens. It's a classic!
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great Christmas story. Do you like Christmas movies?
Yes, The Black Cat was also released in 1843. Have you seen The World's End?
Oh yeah. I'll have to check it out.
You're welcome
I'm not a fan of Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know that they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie
I didn't know that they were drafted by the National Football League.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, Watership Down was written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is Speculative fiction as well as Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I don't follow them a whole lot. I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIV. Did you know they were coached by John Fox?
Yes they would be great to watch Super Bowl XXXIV.
Sure thing! Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Tombstone?
Have you heard of A Time to Love? It is a historical fiction film.
It's a great movie. United 93 is a history film starring Brad Pitt. You should check it out.
Will do. Enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I do like Sci-Fi movies. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you have a favorite sci-fi movie?
It's a classic! It's a Sci-Fi movie starring Emma Stone.
Oh great! I hope you like it!
Yes, it's a very good movie. It's a Romance if you like that genre.
Yes, he was in this TV show too. It is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in it.
Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks? He's in the same genre.
The author is Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it's written by Nicholas Sparks.
I think he's a great quarterback, but I don't really follow him. What do you think of him?
Well, I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
Yes, I agree. Couples Retreat was a great family movie. I also highly recommend it.
Aliens is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Volcano was a great Sci-Fi movie, as well as the Transformer series. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie The Space Between. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak too.
Enjoy
I would. I enjoyed The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect. I think the Butterfly Effect would be a great read. I haven't seen the Butterfly Effect. Is that written by Eric Brass?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Great, I would recommend a thriller, Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyages of the Dawn Treader, and many more.
Star Trek: The Voyage Home is Sci-Fi. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Walter Koenig. Its a Sci-fi adventure film.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
The Inside Man is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
If you like thriller movies, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about it either. I do know that Cesc Fabregas is a midfielder.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, only that he was born in Spain.
I don't really know much about them, I'm more of a fan of their coach, Jason Kidd.
Yes, he was a point guard, so I'm not sure. I don't follow sports much.
Yes, he did
Yes it is. It's a thriller starring Christopher Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlett Johansson starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen this movie and I highly recommend it.
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Rita Ora is a Romanian professional boxer. Do you like rock?
I hope you like it!
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of Adam Brown's work? He was in The Hobbit movies.
Then you'll like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring written by Peter Jackson
Great, I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
Sure. Is there anything I can help you with?
Great. Glad I could help.
I know he's a basketball shooting guard, but I don't follow the sport. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I think he's pretty good. I think he's won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
Yes, he's one of the best in the league right now.
It was written by George Lucas, and it stars Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
X-Men: First Class is different
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Joel Coen, and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She also wrote The Day After Tomorrow and The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
She has written quite a few books. One of my favorites is What Just Happened.
The Maze Runner is young adult fiction similar to The Maze Runner. Have you seen it?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome.
Of course! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a Romantic comedy.
Perhaps you would be interested in the movie, it is a Romance and Fiction movie, also.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a really good movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Quentin Tarantino stars in the movie
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
No, he's not very familiar with any of his work. But he wrote Message in a Bottle.
The Notebook was actually written by Nicholas Sparks. I'm not sure of where he was born.
Yes, it was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
That's very interesting! It was released in 1850.
You're very welcome!
Yes. It's written by Stephenie Meyer and it's in the genre of Speculative fiction.
It's a classic! It's written by Mark Cotta Vaz. It's considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he did. It's a tragedy, do you like those types of books?
He also wrote The Crucible, and The Time Machine as well as The Last Unicorn.
Have a great day!
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are they a good team?
Yes. They're actually a great team. I don't think so.
They seem to be having a rough season. They'll lose Super Bowl XXXII right?
Lolita wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and The City of Ember.
It is a mystery novel written in English.
Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Yes, I think he's a great singer and also a singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in What Goes Up with Me. That was a good one.
No, I haven't seen it. I've heard it's good.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
You're welcome! J.K. Rowling also wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. Have you read any of those?
It's an indie film that was made into a movie.
That book was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
It's a book that was turned into a movie. It's about the story of a friend who met each other's child when she was a kid.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling.
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure, but it was released in English.
Yes, I'm showing that the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're very welcome.
I sure do! Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
Who is your favorite player?
I love reality TV shows. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a big American TV fan but I've heard it was great. I think I'll watch it again.
Yes, I've heard they're good.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Tom Berenger.
Yes, you are correct. It also starred Charlize Theron.
Enigma also starred in The Manchurian Candidate with Tom Hardy. It was released in 2012.
Will do. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author who wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the movie The Recruit. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but if you like Harry Met Sally, he also wrote The Recruit and The Kolkata Knights of Midnight.
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
It is fiction. I highly recommend it.
You are welcome!
I agree with you, she's really good. I liked her in Spring Breakers. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I know Selena Gomez was in that movie.
It's a really good one. I think I'd enjoy it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller or action movie?
Yes they did, they were a pretty good team. They were a runner-up of the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know the Red Sox beat the Dodgers this year. Are you a baseball fan?
It was also written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
I don't think so. Is he one of the best golfers of all time?
That's interesting! I think he lost to Phil Mickelson, did you know his sister was Tina Mickelson?
The Hurt Locker is starring Katharine McPhee. It's a great movie.
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor. It's a great movie!
Sure, it's written by Stephen King and also stars Emily Blunt and Jeremy Renner
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals are coached by Mike Zimmer.
they were originally born in Arizona
I do like college games. do you like college games?
I don't know much about him other than he's a Brazilian professional footballer.
I didn't know that, I'm not a huge fan of soccer, but I heard they're good. Who's your favorite team?
I really like football. I'm a big fan of the sport. What about you?
It is written in English and released in 1985.
I'm sorry I don't have that information in my data but I can tell you that it was also written in English.
I'm not sure, but it was written in English.
Yes, Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Yes, it's also a thriller.
It was written by James Patterson, would you like to know who wrote it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
Have you heard of X-Men: First Class?
Well, since you liked that one, I would suggest The Witching Hour. It's more of a tragedy.
I sure do! He wrote Jurrasic Park- a novel.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac.
Sure, some actors were Stephen Fry, Zoey Deutch, and Billy Crudup, to name a few.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like books written by Lisa See and the Secret Fan because it's an excellent book. It was released in 2005.
It's considered children's literature.
It sure is! It's considered a classic.
I didn't know that she is a badminton player, but I heard she was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays badminton, right?
Yes, that's true. Did you know that Rajiv Gandhi also starred in The London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes it is. It's considered a Tragicall Historie of Hamlet. Prince of Denmark was written by William Shakespeare.
I agree with you on that. I really like all of Shakespeare's work.
No. She's more of a fan of speculative fiction.
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's great! I especially liked his song Hero, it's kind of a classic.
I think so. Didn't Anna Kournikova also star in a movie with her?
I agree with you on that. I'm a fan of pop music.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you familiar with them?
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio and also The Aviator.
He starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
Ok.
Well, he's directed a remake of Oldboy. Also called Oldboy. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like Jennifer Esposito's work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
It is a novel
The Historian is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Absolutely, I will send that right now
Yes, he is a professional Golfer from England.
yes i love golf. do you like to watch golf?
i didn't know that. do you like any tennis players?
i really like football. what about you do you know about them?
i agree they are great. what do you think about them?
i agree that he is a great golfer. do you like football?
I'm not a fan of the team. I'm more of a NY Giants fan myself.
Cam Newton, I believe he is the highest paid on the team.
My husband really likes the New Orleans Saints and the Falcons too.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It was written in English and released in 1958. It is a good read.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written in English.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. Did you know that Ethan Suplee starred in The Fountain?
I'm not sure, but Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. He also starred in The Mask and Rob Roy.
Yes William Scott starred in this movie and it's a great movie.
You're welcome.
They are composed by Ben Affleck and Chris Hemsworth, have you heard of them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in a movie with Gwyneth Paltrow.
No idea. Coldplay is not a fan of his.
You're welcome!
I don't follow them a whole lot, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and
That is correct. Do you follow any other sports besides football?
Oh, I'm not sure. I guess they're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow, he's very good. Thanks for the info!
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
He also directed the film Waking Life. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Your welcome.
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2000.
Yes. It is a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Wolverine is written by William Shakespeare and stars Hugh Jackman.
He has also starred in The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
The Proposal is a thriller. Are you into thriller movies?
It's a great choice!
It is a thriller and it also stars Sandra Bullock.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
The Road to Little Dribbling. What else can I do for you?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy your reading!
The Incredibles is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Then you will like The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
William Petty and Billy Elliot also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he was a basketball player who played point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know much about it, I'm more of a fan of it. What about you?
I don't watch football much. Isn't Tom Brady your favorite team?
I'm a big fan of sports but I don't really watch sports either.
I'm not a big baseball fan but I think I've heard they're doing well this season.
Yes I do. It's a great movie starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her?
I haven't heard any of her music. Is she a singer?
Oh, I'm not a fan of the pop music genre. I guess she's from Nashville, too.
I'm going to check out some of her songs.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it's a thriller?
Shark Night is another movie written by Stephen Hunter. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Orlando Bloom, Johnny Depp, and it is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a good golfer from Dallas?
Yes, he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
No, I haven't played golf but I do like golf more. How about you?
Serenity is starring Natalie Portman and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
No problem! Let me know if you need anything else.
You're welcome.
It's also a Sci-Fi Thriller, so you should check it out!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer, director and author. Some of his books are Things Behind the Sun and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read them?
Michael Fassbender starred in this movie as well. Do you like him?
I do! I love them!!! Adam Levine is an amazing performer.
I like their song Overexexposed. Do you know any other songs by them?
Okay, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, he's one of my favorite artists of all time. Can't think of any of his songs, what do you like about him?
I couldn't stop laughing watching it, but I'm a fan of hers.
It's too bad. I'll have to check it out.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree they are a great team! Manchester City has won a championship!
I agree! He's one of my favorite players.
Shrek stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett, do you like them because it is a family movie?
I do not have that information right now. However, I can tell you that he also starred in The Notebook.
It is a thriller, do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome.
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that?
It was written by Lea Thompson and is considered a drama. I would highly recommend it.
Randy Quaid starred in Wild Life. He also starred in Little Rascals.
She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books by her but I do know she also wrote Silence
These books fall under the speculative fiction genre
You are welcome
I don't know who directed it but I do know it was written by Emily Blunt
He also wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas.
Zoe Lister-Jones was in it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a popular western film.
It is a action adventure film released in 2003.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
Would you like to know more about the movie or the genre?
Ride Along has a genre of comedy-drama, do you like those genres?
You are welcome.
No I don't have that information at the moment.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I'm going to check it out. Thanks!
I'm going to check it out! Thanks for the recommendation!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
The Passage was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Isn't she the author that wrote Mansfield Park?
Mansfield Park is a novel. Do you like books in this genre?
Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance?
I believe the genre is murder mystery.
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express. I've heard it's good.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
These books fall into the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romance film written by Frances Mayes. It was released in 1877. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
I don't know any of his recent songs, but I do know he composed We Rode in Trucks and We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, he is. We Rode in Trucks isn't that?
I don't have that information unfortunately i do not have that info
Great choice! Marlon Brando starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen either of those?
Well, Viva Zapata was great in The Young Lions. She also starred in What's Your Number, which is a historical drama.
Those are both dramas.
I'm not a huge fan of him, but I do know that he's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I am not a fan of the sport. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read any of those ?
Ginnifer Lewis andigi Pistilli also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
Yes she was
Enjoy your movie!
The only thing I really know about the movie is Yertle the Turtle.
That's a great movie, yea she starred in it as well.
I know that he was a writer and a director.
Ok, I will send that to you.
Same here. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I don't have anything in that genre, but I do know that The Prestige is also in the genre of Comedy.
I don't have that information but if you like adventure genre, i can recommend You've Been Warned.
i dont have that information but i can tell you it was a film that starred Robert Duvall.
I hope you enjoy it.
The House of Hades written by L.M. Montgomery is a children's literature book. Do you like childrens literature?
The Blue Castle came out in 2005. It's a mystery.
The Other Boleyn Girl and Gone with the Wind were also released that year.
Christopher Meloni also starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen that?
Then you might also like The Warrior's Way. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information listed for that.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, he did. It was a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Have you seen The Kill Order? That is a very good horror movie.
You are welcome.
I know a couple of his songs are Wild Ones and Love is Gone. Have you heard any of those songs?
Yes, I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like a lot of different artists. Do you like Indie artists like that genre?
Yes, Micheal Jackson is very talented. He has a lot of talent in his music.
The Interview stared James Franco and it is a psychological thriller. Do you like this genre?
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a great day
Do you like that movie because it is a comedy or because it is a family movie?
It came out in 2004.
Don't have that information at hand but if you like Sci-Fi you should check out 8 Mile.
You are welcome.
I'm not sure about that. I know he is a football player.
Yes that is true they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final
I do too. What is your favorite team?
I have heard of Ryan Griggs. Is he a good player as well?
I don't know much about him other than he's an author who wrote The Big Lebowski. Have you read it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might also enjoy The Witching Hour.
Yes, he did. I'm not sure if he directed that movie, but if you'd like one of the actors Spike Lee directed it.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was influenced by Kate Chopin
He was influenced by Rachel McAdams and Christian Bale. Do you like their work?
Yes, he is from the United States.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna.
The Poisonwood Bible is a historical novel.
Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome
I think she's a great singer and singer. I really liked her in Camp Rock and Camp Rock.
Yes, he did and Julia Roberts was in it too. I think he's a really good actor.
I'm not sure about Tommy Chong, but I've heard he's a great actor.
It's written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then I would recommend Dead to the World. It's a great read!
It's a great book! It was written by Mike White and is a speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace is a genre of prose fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Skyfall is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not a fan of them. I do know they were the runner-up of the Super Bowl XLI. Do you follow football much?
Oh, I didn't know they were coached by Mike Zimmer. Isn't he good?
They were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXXV Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Unusual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked.
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Yes I have seen Unfinished Business also starring Jeff Bridges.
I do like hip hop as well.
I like rock too. I think if I had to try rock.
Oh I've never heard of that one. I'll have to check it out.
Yes, it's written by John Green.
Well, if you like young adult fiction, you should check out Looking for Alaska.
You are welcome.
I know that TRON Legacy is a sci-fi film, do you like sci-fi?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. She's great in it!
Working Girl is a thriller. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome!
Yes, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man
It's a baseball team in the American football league.
Well, I'd love to visit it sometime.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a adventure movie?
Channing Tatum also starred in Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
It came out in 2013
Your welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz because it's a series?
I agree she has a nice voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. I love Sam & Cat! She starred in a lot of TV shows. She's also a great voice.
Oh, that's interesting to know. I'm not sure who else she is on that show. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes it's the name of the book was released in 1998
You're welcome.
The Hobbit was released in 2003.
The next book in the series is The Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Do you like Kyla Pratt?
Yes, that's correct. Do you need any other information about David Moore?
Yes, he plays soccer for the Colombia national football team. You like soccer?
No I am not a fan of the team. What's your favorite team?
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Have you heard of Transformers? It is also a Fantasy movie.
You are welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
It is a good movie, written by Harold Ramis, who also wrote and directed it. Do you like his work?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a Romantic Comedy. You should check it out.
Certainly! Chiaki Kuriyama starred in quite a few films, including Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2004. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and also stars Sam Elliott.
The Great Yokai War also starred Charlize Theron. Would you like to know more about her?
Sure. Playing The Great Yokai War.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a series by W. W. W. Denlow. He also wrote The Secret Garden of Oz.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I have not heard any of her songs, but I heard a lot of her pop hits on my head.
No, I haven't heard of it. Is that a genre of music?
Oh, that's interesting to know. I'll have to check her out. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's a crime fiction. Have you read it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I do know it was also written by Truman Capote, have you seen it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Emily Blunt. It also starred Reese Witherspoon
Yes, he's an author who wrote Jobs on Netflix. Did you know that he's in a relationship with Steve Jobs?
The only one I know about him is The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It is a Romance and Adventure film.
You're welcome
You are welcome.
Guy Kawasaki also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's a self help book.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth has genre Biography. Do you like biographies?
It was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't think so. I think he's a good basketball player but I'm a fan of his. Who do you root for?
I really don't know any information on point guards. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, I'm going to check it out.
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
Do you like baseball? The Red Sox are my favorite team. Do you like them?
The Red Sox are my favorite team! What's yours?
I'm not a fan of him. Is he a soccer player?
I agree! He's one of the best forward's teams in Mexico.
Oh, that's very interesting. I'm a fan of speculative fiction like that one.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers? You might also like The Scorpion King.
Sure, I'm going to add The Mummy Returns to your list. I'm not sure if you're interested.
It's considered a fantasy. Another great movie to watch is The Scorpion King. Have you seen this one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a Thriller?
Well, it's a Indie Film also starring Shirley Henderson. Would you like to watch it?
Great! I think you'll really enjoy it. Have a great day!
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of Will Smith's work. Would you like to know more about it?
Well, if you like action films, you might also like "The Warrior's Way" or "The Firm."
Pound of Flesh stars William Petty and Jack Black.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and The House of Night. Do you like fiction?
The most of the books in the genre are young adult fiction books. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, it's a young adult fiction novel by P.C. Cast. Do you like young adult fiction books?
If you enjoy young adult fiction, I would recommend The Tree of Life. It's part of the series.
Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this book?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
If you like romance, you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It is also in the War genre.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and coached by Tom Brady.
Not really a fan of the New England Patriots. I think they'll a great game.
I'm not sure, but it would be a fact. I guess she's married to a woman named Brady.
The Town was written and directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote Town Hall.
It was a great movie. Its written by Peter Craig
It was directed by Peter Craig
Hope you enjoy
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie! It stars Nicolas Cage. Do you like his work?
Have you seen Transformers? its a great sci fi movie.
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
he also directed the movie A Bug's Life starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Isn't Katy Perry a fan of her? I'm a fan of hers. Did you know Katy Perry starred in The Muppets with Sean Penn?
No, I didn't know that. That is a great movie.
Yes, I do. I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brand. He's a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What do you like about it?
I haven't seen that movie, isn't that an action movie?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Oh yes! I love Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep movies. She's a great actress!
Have you seen The Devil's Advocate? It is a comedy drama.
I do. The Guardian Brothers is a great movie. It also stars Anne Hathaway.
You are welcome, enjoy!
peter ausklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's a sci-fi starring Laurence Fishburne.
Underdog is also in the Fantasy genre as well.
The Wolverine is the main lead in that film, as well as the stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Julie Andrews.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. It's a speculative fiction film.
Yes, it was co-authored by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he wrote The Pledge too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. It stars Johnny Depp and is a great movie.
Yes, I recommend The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of those?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Sure Ship of Magic is part of a series. Other books include The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars
Happy reading!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is also a speculative fiction as well.
I'm not sure what year it came out.
Great! Enjoy!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was. It is starring Scarlett Johansson.
There is The Assassin's Blade and the Assassin's Blade.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in Expendables & Aliens. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. Mark Boal wrote it as well.
I agree, she's a great actress.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
Oh, okay. I'll have to check out Shakira's work.
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
I'm not a huge sports fan. I prefer to follow the Buffalo Bills.
They are the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII. They are coached by John Fox
I'm not a huge fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching soccer. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not a huge fan of sports but I do like football. What about you? Who is your favorite player?
Yes, he was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre.
He wrote Principle Centered Leadership and Non-fiction
The Day After Tomorrow was also released that year
what else can i do for you?
Sure! It's a great movie! It's a classic! It's a sci-fi adventure film. Have you seen it?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie, do you like family movies?
Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because is an adventure movie?
Do you like action/adventure movies?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975. Do you like dramas?
Of course! Milo Forman also directed A Christmas Carol, starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen that?
Great! I think you'll enjoy Prefontaine!
Well, I'm not sure. Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver wrote What's Your Number? a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
It is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
You're welcome
I know that he wrote Yellow Submarine starring John Lennon.
Did you know that The Tambourine was written by John Lennon
Yes, he is also a musician
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
Yes, and he also won the NBA Rookie of the Year award too.
That is true, would you like to know more about that?
The Island was directed by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure off the top of my head, but if you like sci-fi, you should check out The Island if you like sci-fi
It's a good one. It's starring Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson.
Glad to be of help
Christian Bale starred in Harsh Times, it's considered a war film.
Yes, I highly recommend it.
Its a drama/romance film also starring Christian Bale.
You're welcome
The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan. It's a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are similar
your welcome
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
I know they are part of the National Football League.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, what's your favorite team?
Sean Barrett wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read it?
Yes it was in the English language
Have you read anything by Sean Barrett?
thank you
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are they a good team?
I like Basketball but I'm a fan of the Dallas Mavericks.
I don't really follow them, I think I have heard of them. Who is their quarterback again?
He wrote Candide right?
It was released in 2005 and the genre is musical theater.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that genre. However, I can tell you that The Name of the Wind.
You're welcome!
Sure! How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is a soccer player and he won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year
Who else can you name a song by the way?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe the team name is Jose Mourinho. Have you heard of them?
I'm not a fan of football but I do enjoy watching football movies. Who is your favorite player?
Do you like the author, Veronica Roth? She wrote Divergent.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction would be considered a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, do you like John Travolta because she starred in Zombieland?
Sure. Have a great day.
Isn't he a Colombian soccer player?
It's a children's fantasy novel.
Certainly, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Tale.
I'm not sure.
Ok, I'll have to check it out
No problem!
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know that they are in the American League East and were the runner-up of the World Series.
They sure did! They had a good season, right? I'm not a fan of theirs.
Yes! The Mets are one of the best teams in the American League East, right?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I'm not a big fan of the Seattle Seahawks. But I do know the team was coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I am not a big fan of any of the Titans. What about you?
It's written by Saulius Dagys.
She's a great author! She wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit. Have you read it?
I don't know too much about her but I do know she wrote Trace and Trace.
That's also a great Sci-Fi Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he is! Do you want me to add it to your favorites list?
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin, Thomas Hardy, and Margaret R. Higonnet.
Thomas Hardy also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891. Have you read it?
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
Yes, he was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Kevin Costner, She Hate Me was also in She Hate Me. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Les visiteurs also starred in Les visiteurs. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a film in French.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Yes, I believe so. I'm not a big golf fan. What about you?
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland, so I'm not too familiar with his music. Isn't he from Ireland?
Sure, Tron: Legacy has genre Science Fiction and Adventure. Do you like these genres?
It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
Well, there is also The Island of Dr. Moreau starring Tom Cruise.
Great, glad I could help!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and Neill Blomkamp starring Sharlto Copley.
Then I would highly recommend The Assassination of Jesse James by the way.
The Neon Demo stars Bruce Willis and District 9 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right? Have you heard them?
Yes, that is correct. Do you know if there is anything else I can do?
I like both of them! I think I heard a lot of different people.
Those are both classic songs.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon
I don't know any examples of speculative fiction, but I can tell you that she wrote a book called The Man in the Bone.
I don't have any information on any other novels by him, but I can tell you that The Lady in the Lake series is also historical fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II. Do you like his work?
Have you seen Hangover Part II?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, I'm not a fan of the basketball player, but I heard he was a good player
The Nightingale is written by Charles Dickens. It's a great book.
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but I know it's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre? Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale.
Yes, she did! I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe didn't he?
I am not sure, but it was written in English
Would you like to know more about this book?
There are many, hope you like it
Sure! Up was written by Pete Docter and it's a great family movie.
I don't have any information on any of her movies, but I can tell you that she wrote Up and also Whispers.
It is a drama, do you like drama?
Have you seen the whole family Movies?
You are welcome.
They're coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Leslie Alexander.
The Warriors was the runner up for that game
It was the team that was the runner up for Super Bowl XLVII
Yes, he is
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and it's genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 1995.
You are welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a sci-fi movie?
It is a speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
It was produced by David Fincher
I'm not a fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know that they are part of the National Football League.
What's your favorite team? Do they have a favorite team?
That's right. I'm not a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What team do you like?
That's interesting. I'm not a huge fan of the Browns. I think Tom Brady is from Brooklyn too.
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
He wrote The Day the Earth Stood Still
I'm not sure but   is a speculative fiction
Yes he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
your welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagys.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote The World According to Garp.
Your welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi genre?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies? Sci-Fi?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi action film, based on the genre of the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are very good ones
Yes. He also wrote The Nightingale.
Your welcome
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that movie?
I will have to add it to your watch list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure who else was in Too Big to Fail, but it was written by John Steinbeck.
I'm not sure, but the movie was written by Terry Pratchett and Tom Hanks.
William Hurt starred in Too Big to Take, which is a historical period drama.
F. Murray Abraham wrote Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you read any of these?
F. Murray Abraham starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Want to hear more?
The only science fiction movie I can recommend is X-Men: First Class.
Are you a fan of the Avengers, or science fiction genres?
Yes, Unbreakable stars Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson.
No problem!
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I don't really follow soccer but I do like football. Who's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox right now.
I don't know much about the Seahawks either. I do know they are coached by John Fox right?
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl wins.
I would. Outlander is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander and other Sci-Fi books.
Xeneosis was also written by Orson Scott Card and is considered a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi books?
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about the book?
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee.
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird.
You are welcome
I don't really follow soccer much but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Well, I'm a big fan of the coach, Jürgen Klinsmann.
I think he's a great player as well.
Sure, One for the Money is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I believe that one is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, that is correct. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Twilight
Yes, it is. It is also written by Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis. It's a great movie.
Well, Mindy Kaling also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in True Grit and Wolverine.
This is the End is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Great! Anything else I can help with?
Great!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but she starred in The Wedding Date. Have you heard of that?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
My apologies! Ron Howard has written a lot of movies. Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, starring Morgan Freeman? It's one of my favorites.
Have you heard of Why Did I Get Married Too?
Well, from what I've heard, he's pretty good.
Well, it's a psychological thriller, written and directed by him.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Brad Pitt. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
If you like Brad & Mrs. Smith, you should try The Secret Life of Walter Mitty. It is a historical period drama.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Speculative Fiction novel written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote Box and it was released in 1994.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and is a thriller.
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is also in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Yancey. Other books in the same genre are The Assassin and the Desert.
Tower of Dawn is a fantasy book.
There is a sequel, Tower of Dawn.
Do you like the movie because it is science fiction or crime fiction?
It's a mystery/romance movie that also stars Robert Downey.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
She also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama, do you like those types of movies?
Your welcome enjoy
Yes, I do. It's written by John Green and is young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, Paper Towns and Paper Towns. Have you read any of these?
It's a young adult fiction book.
You are welcome, enjoy
If you like Outlander, you might enjoy The Day After Tomorrow or The Day After Tomorrow.
It was released in 2004.
It's a mystery novel.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
They are romance novels
Your welcome
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, John C. Reilly starred in it and Wreck-it Ralph was written by Rich Moore.
Have you seen Monsters, Inc. It's a family movie.
I don't know much about her other than she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I like both of them but I think only Venus is better known as Serena.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in The Hurt Locker, The Mask, and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, it also starred Scarlett Johansson and Michael Chernus. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some examples.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Sweet Far Thing, The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, they are. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
Then I would highly recommend The Golden Compass, it's a great read!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
It starred Rory Kinnear and Daphne du Maurier.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox.
Case Keenum was a head coach, who was drafted by the Chicago Bears, but he was a head coach now.
Case Case is the current head coach. The Broncos went to the Super Bowl XXVIII.
What is your favorite sport?
Isn't Stephen Curry a basketball player? I've heard he's good.
I know he is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Yes he is. It is located in New York City.
Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Wind in the Door.
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
You will like the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer. I'm not a big fan of his music. What is your favorite song of his?
I like all of his music. What's your favorite song of him?
No. I haven't heard that one yet. What is it about?
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy novel by Arthur C. Clarke, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like football?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in WALL-E
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a crime drama. Do you like that genre?
Rob Zombie is in Zulu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's genre is young-adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us.
I haven't read them, but the book is in the English language.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2004.
It's an autobiography written by Emma McLaughlin.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Do those sound interesting to you?
Lady Susan was released in 1817.
You are welcome.
Sure! He wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read it?
You might enjoy The starring Katharine McPhee, or The Mechanic.
The Red Violin was released in 1997 and directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to watch The Red Violin?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
