Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
It's a great movie! It stars Robert De Niro and was released in 2011. Do you like the actors?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Hitman's Bodyguard has the same genre as The Watcher.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Light Between Oceans and Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
It's a great book. It was released in 2011
you're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by David Koepp and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
She also starred in The Princess Diaries which is a comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young adult fiction?
no i dont have that information
yes she did and it was released in 2005.
I hope you enjoy it!
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard, The Guard, and The Guard.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I don't have that information, but Don Cheadle is in The Guard. He's a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know he plays cricket and was born in Chennai. Do you like cricket?
He currently plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I don't really know any on the team, but I do know he is a Cricket player from India.
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes I do. Steph Curry with the Warriors is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not a big soccer fan, but I do know he's married to Gisele
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead Dead. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2010.
No problem, enjoy!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Insurgent.
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. The Game is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I do. The Pledge has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have biographical films available.
Will do. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed this means War. Have you seen it?
We Are Marshall was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall and The Means War.
Would you like to hear about other horror films that he starred in?
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
It was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The Hunted, and The Hunted.
Yes, he directed The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Devil and Father Amorth is a Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, and was released in 1999.
Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
The clockwork princess is a great movie. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Yes, she wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Do you like that genre?
I'm going to add both to my watch list.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Parent Tragedy and The One Minute Manager.
Yes, he starred in The Hunger Games Triology and The Hunger Games Triology.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madonna is a very talented singer. Did you know she was influenced by Madonna?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know she was influenced by Madonna. She was influenced by Madonna and was influenced by Madonna.
I'm not sure, but I do know he was in a relationship with Madonna. I'm not sure he did anything else.
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Yes he did. He is a Cricket player from India.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Do you like her work?
what else can i answer for you?
i dont have information about that. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you?
Arsenal is a sports team coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm a Dodgers fan, but I'm more of a Dodgers fan.
You're welcome!
He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes it was released in 2012.
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he also directed Taken 2 and Taken 3.
I'm not sure, but it's also a Thriller and a Thriller.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not a Packers fan, but I do know they're having a good season.
I am not a big fan of the Green Bay Packers. I think Mike McCarthy has been around a long time.
I agree. Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Robert Downey Jr. or because it is a comedy?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Lion King and The Wardrobe. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it was written by George Clooney as well. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz. Do you like Dean Koontz?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like Odd Thomas?
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a Speculative fiction?
Treasure Island is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem!
I think she's a great tennis player. She's been around a long time.
I'm not a big fan of pop music but I do like pop music. Do you like Nicki Minaj?
I don't know much about him but I do know he was influenced by David Guetta. Do you like him?
Sure, Something Borrowed is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was. Do you like that genre?
I like thrillers like Shark Night. Shark Night is a good one.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote The Skulls, which is a drama film.
Groundhog Day was written by David Ayer and produced by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Is 40. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but Harold Ramis also directed and starred in Year One. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a composer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he was in The Disco
I haven't heard much of his music but he is a very talented person.
Oh yea, he is a very talented person!
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Yes, he was also in There's Something About Mary. Do you like Ben Stiller? He wrote that one.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is a Historical novel.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
It was written by George Orwell and released in 1945. Do you like books written by George Orwell?
He also wrote Animal Farm: A Fairy Story. Have you read that one?
Yes, she is a great author. Did you know she wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 2005
Temple of My Familiar has a genre Drama
You are welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Drama/Mystery movie?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a great movie.
Lady Vengeance is a drama/mystery and also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I don't know if she starred in any other thriller movies, but she also starred in a thriller called Shark Night.
You're welcome!
He starred in Hollywood Chinese and starred in The Ice Storm.
He produced The Ice Harvest, The Ice Harvest, and The Ice Harvest.
Yes, Woody Allen wrote, directed, and produced, and directed, and produced, and produced, and produced.
She's a Zsa Gabor and also a producer and a producer.
It's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Jurassic Park is written by Roberto Orci.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1996.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World. Do you like his movies?
He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Rickie Fowler is a great golfer. Did you know he won the PGA Championship?
I haven't seen that movie, but I do like Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler?
Do you like the book because it's a fantasy?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor?
I don't have any books in that series, but I can tell you more about The Lord of the Rings.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Isn't Joshua Leonard in that film? Isn't he in a movie?
I do! Did you like The Lost World: Jurassic Park because it's a thriller?
Have you seen The Lost World: Jurassic Park? It's a great adventure film.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Surviving Picasso was born in Buenos Aires. Do you like his movies?
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Ackland.
The Little Prince is a drama film. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great football player.
Yes, he was in that one. He was also in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
I've never seen that one. Is it a romantic comedy?
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis.
I will add them to your list.
Yes, Alien was written by Alien and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like her movies?
Sure, you might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I don't know much about Bats, but I do know that it's part of a series of horror movies.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Maze Runner? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, he did. Saw III is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Alice Braga starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Repo Men was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Eric Garcia also wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Silence of the Lambs and The Reptile Room.
Sure, The End was released in 2002 and is in the English language.
Sure, he was born in Los Angeles and was born in San Francisco.
Yes, I do, he's a great singer.
Yes, he has a son in the 90s series of movies.
No I haven't seen that one, but I will check it out.
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Windtalkers and Warrior are both dramas. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure, but Noah Emmerich starred in it as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great football player. Do you like football?
I don't play football, but I do know he was born in Buenos Aires.
I haven't heard much about it but I've heard it's a good book.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I'm not sure, but I know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XL.
I'm sure they are part of the AFC West division.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote Theoin Colfer, Theoin Colfer and Theoin Colfer.
Yes, The Lady Elizabeth was released in 2008.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a great read.
Yes, he is a great singer. Did you know he starred in the movie The Day After Tomorrow?
That's a good one. Did you know he's married to Gisele?
I don't know of any of his songs, but I do know he's from the United States of America.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you they are coached by Doc Rivers.
That's a final game against the Celtics.
Yes, he directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote рестуление и накаание and диот.
I am sorry, I do not have that information in my data base.
You're welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in the series is The Oz books.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy book. Have you read it?
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Dortmund. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a midfielder and plays for the Germany national team.
Yes, he is on the Mumbai Indians team.
Yes, I do. Did you know he was influenced by William Shakespeare?
Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because it is a Speculative fiction?
She wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses. She also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
She also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which was released in 2014, as well.
You're welcome
Sure! He directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen either?
That's right. It's a romantic comedy.
Titanic was released in 1999.
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Madame Bovary. Do you like romance novels?
Have you read Madame Bovary? It is a romance novel.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! Suzanne Collins wrote The Pillars of the Earth, The Pillars of the Earth, and The Pillars of Earth.
I think Venus is better than Venus Williams. I think Venus is better than Venus.
I agree, Stefi Graff is better known as Martina Navritalova. I think Martina Navritalova is better than Venus.
I'm not sure, but I know she won a lot of awards.
Yes, she is an American professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links. Do you like her?
I'm sure she will be in the LPGA Tour this year!
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is considered a novel.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Sylvia Day also wrote Ariel which was released in 2012.
Sure, she wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read that one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm sure you would enjoy it. It was written by Margaret Atwood.
Yes, he is a great actor. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in "Carlos" a thriller.
Carolos is a great movie!
Do you like Untamed: A House of Night Novel because it is a Speculative fiction?
Sure, Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi and wrote The Tahereh Mafi.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2014, and was released in 2014.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 2014. It's a great read.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed.
We Are Water was published in 1995.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, and The Dark Knight Rises.
They are Thrillers. Do you like that genre?
Robert De Niro is in Neverland. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2004.
Sure! Enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes I do. He wrote A separate Peace, which is a great novel.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
You're welcome
Are you interested in books written by Emma because it's young adult fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, if you like historical drama, you should check out Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Are you interested in Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller?
Sure! Straw Dogs is available on Amazon Prime.
You're welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban? It is a great fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was released in 2011.
Sure, it was released in 2011 and is a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in English.
You're welcome
He wrote оскресение and вана илиа.
Anna Karenina wrote нна аренина and нна аренина.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Red Riding Hood starred Robert De Niro, Matt Damon, and Ethan Hawke.
She also directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
He is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
Yes, he is a top tier player.
I haven't seen it, but I do know he's a great actor. Did you know he's a musician?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Patient. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple.
Yes, she was also in I Heart Huckabees. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, I can.
She wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Do you like romance books?
It's a young-adult fiction written by Lauren Kate. It was released in 2010. It's considered a classic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is a racing driver and starred in Cars 2. Do you like racing?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but if you like children's movies, you should check out The Rum Diary. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
Yes, they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Manchester United F.C is currently playing for Manchester United F.C..
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Sure, Lauren Oliver wrote a lot of thrillers. I think you would like to read a couple of thrillers. I think you will enjoy it.
It's a thriller. It's also considered a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman. It is a comedy-drama.
Yes! The Simpsons Movie is a TV series.
You too!
I'm not really a cricket fan, but I do know he's from India. Do you like him?
I'm more of a tennis fan. I'm more of a tennis fan.
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in London.
Yes, I do. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Orlando Bloom?
Yes, he was also in the Harry Potter movies, have you seen that one?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Death Cure is a Sci-Fi book written by James Dashner.
It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
Yes, you might like The Secret Life of Bees. It was written by Emma MdLaughlin.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, he starred in a TV show called The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he starred in The Scorpion King and The Scorpion King. Do you like his movies?
Sure! Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies starring Quentin Tarantino?
Have you seen Grindhouse? It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It's about a murderer who was in the film. Do you like Death Proof?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Katy Perry is a great singer and songwriter. Did you know she was born in New York?
John Carpenter directed The Matrix. Did you know he also wrote The Matrix?
Yes, he starred in Escape from New York. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
The Dirty Dozen also starred Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
The Good Doctor is a thriller starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I don't really know much about her, but I do know she's dating Serena Williams.
I haven't seen much tennis, but I do know that Serena has a lot of good players like Serena and Serena.
Yes, she was a tennis player from Miami.
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a midfielder for the team.
I like American Football. I'm more of a football fan myself. What about you?
Home Alone was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Home Alone was written by Tony Tanner and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great comedy.
The Breakfast Club was released in 1999.
You're welcome
I do, he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he does a lot of pop and pop. I think he is a very talented person.
I agree. Selena Gomez is a very talented singer.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it's a crime movie?
He also starred in The Green Mile and The Green Mile.
You're welcome
Are you interested in other books written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Yes, she is a writer and a screenwriter.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, he starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, enjoy!
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
i dont have that information
He is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete and plays for the Mumbai Indians team.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure when it was published, but I can recommend other dystopian fiction books if you like.
I don't know much about that, but I do know he was influenced by Aldous Huxley.
Yes, it was written by Ian McEwan and it was released in 1999.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Nightingale which is a suspense film.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was made into a film starring Tom Hanks.
Without Remorse is a thriller that was released in 2016.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like the movie 2012?
The Thirteenth Floor is a drama
The Thirteenth Floor starred Robert De Niro and Brad Pitt
Are you interested in other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Did you like The Help because it's a drama?
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in a movie with Emma Stone in it?
Yes, he was in that one as well. Do you like animation movies?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Do you like her music?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good.
Yes, it was written by Sean Connery. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure, but John Grisham also wrote The Client.
The Client is also a drama and a drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a football player?
He plays as a striker and plays as a striker
I enjoy football as a midfielder as a striker
Is baseball a sport you enjoy?
Is Packer the Packer a Packer fan?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Do you know anything about the team?
I'm a big fan of football. Do you follow any other teams?
Do you like The Time Traveler's Wife because it's a satire or because it's a satire?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery.
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Have you read Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen?
It was written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was written by Virginia Woolf.
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner. Do you like his work?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
No, I didn't know that! Is it a really good show?
Did you know that she was influenced by Billie Whitelaw, who also wrote Call Me Maybe.
Alejandro Amenábar directed and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure who starred in The Others, but I do know it was directed by Alejandro Amenábar.
You're welcome!
Mark Overstall was influenced by Madame Bovary. Do you like his work?
Sure, it was written by Madame Bovary. It was released in 1856.
Madame Bovary is also considered a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
He's written a lot of romance novels. He was influenced by William Shakespeare and influenced by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Madame Bovary, which was released in 1856.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Frances Mayes.
Madame Bovary is considered a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Tom Clancy starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a new book.
Nostromo a Tale of the Seaboard was released in 2005.
Yes, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that Cormac McCarthy also wrote Apocalypse Now.
I'm not sure who the author is but Cormac McCarthy wrote the book.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Jane Eyre. Do you like her work?
He also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read that one?
Yes, she was adapted from The Eyre Affair as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Do you like the author or genre?
I don't have any other pieces of work by him, but he was influenced by Malala Yousafzai.
Veronika is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he was influenced by Malala Yousafzai.
He is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I like basketball. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm more of a Lakers fan myself. Do you like Lakers?
O Alquimista was written by Lana Wachowski and released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist and The Alchemist.
Sure, I will add it to your reading list.
Sure, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Fault in Our Stars.
Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I hope you enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Kodi Smit-McPhee also starred in The Matrix Revisited. It is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Dead Europe is a crime film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg or do you like Steven Spielberg?
I do not have that information but I can tell you Gremlins has a great cast. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
This is the End is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, The Interview is a Psychological Thriller and a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a war film?
He also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2014 and was released in 2014.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I'm not a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Zach Galifianakis was a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it is a Thriller or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Steve Carell also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a science fiction film.
It's a great movie! Evan Baxter starred in the movie, The Prestige, which is a comedy.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games, which is a thriller.
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a drama and a comedy. Do you like dramas?
Sure! She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen either of those?
It's a drama film.
You're welcome!
Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
Quentin Tarantino has written several films such as Pulp Fiction, Pulp Fiction, and Pulp Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey, Tina Fey, Tina Fey, and Tina Fey. She also wrote Tina Fey.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure! He directed The Help, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Cicely Tyson also starred in The Help and Get on Up.
Yes, she starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
Do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure! He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
Indiana Jones is a great movie. Star Wars was written by George Lucas, who also wrote Star Wars.
Star Wars is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Paris Wife was written by Paula McLain and released 2011. Do you like Paula McLain?
She also wrote The Paris Wife. Have you read that one?
It's a story about a young girl who meets a young girl and falls in love with her life.
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, she starred in The Matrix and in The Matrix Revisited.
She also starred in The Wild Life, The Little Rascals and The Little Rascals. Have you seen any of those?
That's a great film. Did you know that she also starred in The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor?
He also wrote A Bug's Life, which is a romantic comedy.
Great, I'll add them to your library now.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
Yes, she starred in The Godfather Part II. Do you like her?
Yes, he did. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure, Gustave Flaubert wrote Uglies and Män som hatar Kvinnor
Have you read The Name of the Wind? It is a Romance novel.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2004.
Sure, I can add that for you now.
I know he starred in Män som hatar kvinnor. What else can i answer for you?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue.
Yes, he was the author of The Velveteen Rabbit. Do you like that book?
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature written by William Nicholson. Do you like the author?
The Giver is written by Ann Patchett, and is a Speculative fiction.
I think he's a good football player. Do you like football?
I do, he's a great quarterback. Did you know he was born in Atlanta?
I haven't been to a long time. I haven't been to a long time. What's your favorite team?
Yes, it was a lot of fun to watch. Do you like the Buffalo Bills?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It was written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon starred in Monsters vs. Aliens. He also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like. Monsters University has a great cast.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
It's a biography.
I don't have that information, but Niccol Machiavelli also wrote Xenocide.
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I don't really know much about it.
I think I'll have to check his music out, thanks for the information.
Do you like In Cold Blood because it's a thriller?
Great. He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biographical biography. Do you like biographical films?
Walk the Line was written by John Lasseter and is considered a biography. Do you like biography books?
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is written by John Lasseter and was released in 1999.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she was influenced by Selena Gomez?
I like Taylor Swift, too. She has a lot of talent in some of her songs, like Valentines Day, Love Story, and Valentines Day.
I don't really know much about her music, but I do like her sing.
Yes, she starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall stars Matt Damon and it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
White Squall is considered a disaster film. Do you like disaster films?
I'm not sure, but I can give you some other recommendations for you.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1971.
I don't have that information, but he was influenced by Charles Dickens.
Great! Enjoy!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
John Grogan starred in Marley & Me. Me is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I am a fan of horror. Do you like horror movies?
It's a horror movie starring Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Sylvester Stallone directed The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, he was in The Expedables. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone directed The Expedables.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you interested in other books by her?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor. It's also fantasy.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Robert C. O'Brien.
Isn't Ma Long a professional golfer from China?
I didn't know that! Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, I like a lot of swimmers. I'm a huge tennis fan. Do you?
Have a great day!
Yes, he starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
That's a good one. Matt Damon also starred in The Good Doctor. Do you like him?
He directed The Skulls.
I don't have that information, but Paul Walker and Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls. Do you like Paul Walker?
You're welcome!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure, but I know it was coached by Louis van Gaal.
Yes, he was
Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians team.
Sure! He directed Million Dollar Baby which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Million Dollar Baby is starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta.
Great! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist.
The Tourist is considered a Romantic Comedy.
I am not sure who starred in The Tourist, but The Lives of Others is also a film.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
The Tourist was written by Frances Mayes. It was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
Yeah, he's a great point guard. Do you like him?
Yeah, I'm a big fan of Anthony Davis. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Jane Eyre wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Jane Eyre is also considered a Romance Novel.
Have you read The War of the Worlds? It's a good one.
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't know he is Canadian. Isn't he a Canadian?
Yes, he wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey. It was released in 2002.
Sure, it was written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
Yes, he has directed several films such as A Million Little Pieces and A Million Little Pieces.
Yes, he wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes, it was released in 1600.
Shakespear starred in Winter's Tale.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
Yes he is on the German national team as well. He is a midfielder as well.
Not really, I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I don't really follow soccer.
Isn't he a tennis player from Switzerland?
Basel is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
No I didn't, but I'm a big fan of her music.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she's also a singer and a musician.
Do you like Jaws because it's a crime movie?
Yes, he was. He was also in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie was written by Frances Mayes.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he starred in a lot of thrillers. Would you like to hear about other films he starred in?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
He also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Leslie Bibb also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome
Yes I do. They are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I do, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I like football. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I love Linkin Park! I'm a big fan of their music. Do you like their music?
Yes, he is also a member of the band. Do you like his music?
I don't know much of their music but they do have a lot of good music. Do you like any of them?
Yes, I do like American football. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
That's pretty cool. They have a good coach, Mike Zimmer.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Sure, have you read Apocalypse Now? It was written by Truman Capote.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Did you like the movie because it was a fantasy?
Yes, it is a movie with the cat.
Another comedy you might like is World War Z. Have you seen that one?
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not a big fan of basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I haven't seen it yet, but I do know it was written by Mark Twain.
She's a great actress! She was born in New York. She also starred in a film called The Elisabeth which was released in 2010.
Ashton Kutcher was with her in the movie The Great and Powerful.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in The Birdcage. It's a great movie.
Yes, it was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. It's a great movie. Do you like it?
Yes. He was also in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I would recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds also starred in Wolverine, which is a drama film.
Waiting is a coming of age film starring Ryan Reynolds, who also starred in Wolverine, have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy!
True Grit is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Matt Damon also starred in True Grit, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
No, I don't have any information on any action movies with Matt Damon. I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Confused was released in 2014. Do you like Mystery films?
You're welcome!
King Kong was written by Roberto Orci. It's a great movie.
It's classified as a thriller and a drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might like The Matrix Revolutions, or The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
They are a sports team in the National Football League.
I don't really know much about them. I'm more of a football fan myself.
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know they won Super Bowl XXX.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Goonies, which is a great movie.
This is the End stars Seth Rogen, Seth Rogen, and Seth Rogen.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Young Messiah.
He also directed The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy film.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Son of No One is a fantasy film starring Mindy Kaling.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Silence of the Lambs because it's a thriller?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she was in The Lion King and The Lion King. Do you like that movie?
Have you seen The Lion King? It's a very good movie.
You're welcome!
Hancock is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Shia LaBeouf is a romantic comedy.
I'll play it for you now.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
I don't know much about football, but I do know that Fabio Capello was a midfielder as well.
I'm a big football fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, he directed and starred in The Incredible Hulk, which is a romantic comedy.
They are a great kpop band. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are from South Korea. They are in the same division as the New York Knicks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch, have you seen that?
Robert De Niro is also in that movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign which was released in 1958.
I'm not sure, but Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hellboy because it's a drama?
Hugh Jackman starred in the Wolverine. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a famous author. He wrote the Cider House Rules. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
I don't know a whole lot about his films, but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare and influenced by William Shakespeare.
I am sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Epatha Merkerson starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are some other dramas you might enjoy.
Steven D. Levitt wrote The Levitt and The Levitt. Do you like his work?
Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have not read any of his books, but I heard he was influenced by Stephen J. Dubner
I have read A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything written by Stephen J. Dubner. Have you read it?
Edgar Wright wrote The Conrad Veidt which is a fiction book.
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I do. Coldplay is a great band. Do you like their music?
I can tell you that it is a great song. Do you like it?
I can tell you that The Escapist is part of a series of songs that were released in 2012.
Sure! Laini Taylor wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It was released in 2011 and is a Romance novel.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great player. He won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Oakland.
I haven't seen it but I've heard he's a pretty good actor.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by Reservoir Dogs and was released in 2004.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Do you like Big Fish because it's a comedy?
Kenny Ortega also directed The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Kenny Ortega also directed The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Zambezia also starred Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson. Do you like his movies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
That's a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was a sci-fi?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It is an action movie starring Robert De Niro and Ramon Rodriguez. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Do you like Voyager because it is a Romance novel?
Yes, it is.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a tennis player from Constanta.
I'm not a tennis fan but I do know that Serena Williams was born in Mumbai.
I haven't seen that one. Is it a comedy?
Sure, he starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
They are Thrillers. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Have you read Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
I don't know a whole lot but if you are into satire then Stepford Wives is a great book in that genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her?
I don't have any information on the lyrics, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
You're welcome
I do! He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Zero Dark Thirty is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
No. Zero Dark Thirty was written by Mark Boal. He also starred in The Hurt Locker.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure! He starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen either?
Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy starring Rob Riggle. Do you like comedies?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors was also released as an animation film. Do you like animation films?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added to your watch list.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine. Do you like his movies?
Water for Elephants is a Thriller starring Kristen Connolly. It's a romantic comedy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Tolstoy.
Yes, he was in Leo Tolstoy. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure! It stars Justin Timberlake and is a Social Network. Do you like the social Networks?
It was a great movie starring Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, The Social Network is a great movie starring Kristen Connolly
You are welcome
Yes, he is an author who wrote David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Last Anniversary. Have you read any of those?
Yes, he's a great writer. He wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Temple of My Familiar.
John Carpenter directed The Matrix, The Matrix Revolutions, and many more.
The Fog is a science fiction film directed by John Carpenter. Do you like that kind of movie?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
It's a drama. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure, do you like the Lord of the Rings because it's a fantasy?
Women in Love was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
Do you like The Matrix because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Laurence Fishburne.
Robert De Niro, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might also like A Wind in the Door. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is. It was released in 2005. Do you like that book?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It's part of a series.
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like.
You're welcome!
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama film. Do you like dramas?
Swarup was released in 2011. It's a great romance.
You're welcome!
I know he starred in The Hobbit movies. Do you like his movies?
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit, which is a fantasy film.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a Thriller
Apocalypse Now
The Golden Compass was directed by Frank Beddor
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Zoe's Tale was also written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is. It is also considered Speculative fiction.
Yes, it was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes she did. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did, and she also wrote, The Secret History.
Yes, she was born in New York.
You are welcome.
Me Before You was written by S.E. Hinton. Do you like the author, S.E. Hinton?
The Ship of Brides was adapted into a film, have you seen it?
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm sure you will like it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I don't know a fictional novel, but he has written a lot of books in this genre. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
The Goon is a great movie. The Goon was released in 2015 and he directed The Goon and Black Hat.
The Goon and Black Hat 2015 is also interesting movie
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is an English movie starring Alex Angulo.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for the movie.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one. Have you seen it?
Enchanted is a great movie!
Yes, he wrote The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides. Have you read either of those?
Yes Kate Nelligan and George Carlin starred in Tides. Do you like Kate Nelligan?
Yes, it was written by Michael York, did you know that?
Yes, he wrote   and  .
I haven't seen the Odyssey but I do know that it was released in 1999.
Yes, I do like dramas. Do you like any of them?
Robert Duvall also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Sean Penn wrote it. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he directed it and he also directed it.
yea he has great movies. you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he's from Williams?
Yes, he directed The King's Speech and The King. Do you like his movies?
Les Miserables stars Hugh Jackman, who also starred in The Miserables.
Have a great day!
Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a hip hop artist like Selena Gomez
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a hip hop artist.
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Niko Kova won the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote The God of Small Things, The God of Small Things, and The God of Small Things.
It is a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Bees because it's a Speculative fiction?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino. It was released in 2002.
it was written by Mark Isham
She wrote Dracula. Do you like her work?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Strange Case of Dracula.
Nina Auerbach wrote The Odyssey of Dracula, have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom.
Well it was written by Orlando Bloom. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was great in that movie. He also starred in Troy.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Not really, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Jones.
Yes, he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by John Grisham and was released in 1998.
I'm not sure, but I know Saffron Burrows was in it.
Sure! Wuthering Heights is a great movie. It's a great movie. It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
That's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy the book!
Isn't she a tennis player? She lost to Serena Williams.
I don't really know much about her but I do know she won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2008 PGA Championship.
I'm not a big fan of American Football, but I do know that she's from Santo Domingo.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
It was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I don't have any information on what else released in 1989, but I can tell you it was released in English.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Do you like The Avengers because it's a superhero movie?
Yes he wrote X-Men and X-Men 2
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2013.
You are welcome
Do you like Crazy, Stupid, Love because it is a romantic comedy?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romance film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was born in San Francisco.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not sure he has acted in any Romance Film, but I can tell you more about him
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom. Do you like Winston Groom?
Tom Hanks starred in Forrest Gump, which is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but Larry Crowne also starred in That Thing You Do, That Thing You Do, and the Simpsons Movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Yes, it is a mystery. Do you like mystery?
It does star Pierre Perrier. It's a mystery. It's also considered a thriller.
I do, they are a pretty good football team. Do you like their coach Pete Carroll?
The Seahawks have been around a long time, but they haven't won a championship recently.
That's correct. Paul G. Allen also owns the New York Giants and the New York Giants.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli and was released in 2010.
Yes, he wrote Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction. It was released in 2005.
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him but I do know he's from Wimbledon.
I don't know too much about him. I don't really know much about him. I don't really follow him.
I agree, Federer better than Rafael Nadal.
Mary GrandPre wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, they were written by J.K Rowlings.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in other books by her?
Yes she did. Liane Moriarty also wrote Little Lies.
You're welcome!
I'm not a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like any other teams?
I am not a big fan of the Jets. They have a good season.
I think he deserves to be a good coach.
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Do you like his movies?
Yes, X-Men 2 was written by Stan Lee. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
The Incredible Hulk stars Hugh Jackman and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like any of those actors?
Yes, she wrote The Hiding Place, The Cross and Switchblade, and God's Smuggler
It's a Historical novel. It was released in 1960.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noah Emmerich starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is also a Martial Arts film.
Ip Man was written by Noah Emmerich and stars Denzel Washington.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Phil Lord directed Cloudy with a chance of meatballs. Do you like Phil Lord?
I don't know a whole lot, but Phil Lord directed the Lego Movie.
Yes, he was in White House Down, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn and was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I'm sure you will like it!
Yes, she was in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi or because it was a Sci-Fi?
Then you might like World War Z. It is also a Sci-Fi movie starring Jeff Bridges.
Zombieland is starring Tom Hanks, who also starred in War of the Worlds. Do you like him?
War of the Worlds was released in 2004.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
You're welcome!
Do you like A Little Princess because it's a children's literature?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his works?
Yes, if you like Speculative fiction, you should check out Zooey Deschanel.
Sure, A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
Have you read A Farewell to Arms? It was written by Ernest Hemingway.
To Have and Have Not is a romance novel written by Ernest Hemingway.
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Charlie Hunnam starred in this movie.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You are welcome
I love Linkin Park! I'm a big fan of their music. Do you like their music?
The Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Green Lantern is a Sci-Fi movie. Other movies in that genre include The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and Transformers.
I'm not sure, but it's also a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sure, Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Sorcerer's Stone. Do you like his work?
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in Micmacs.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You're welcome!
No Country for Old Men stars Robert De Niro and Frank Grillo. Do you like any of those actors?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in Underworld: Evolution and Underworld: Evolution
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like The Dictator because it stars Tom Hanks?
It's a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he was a spy movie.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like Romantic comedies?
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that Jojo Moyes was influenced by Jojo Moyes. Jojo Moyes also wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great actor. He's a great actor. He starred in The Incredibles and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, he was. He was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
The Count of Monte Cristo was released in 1844. Do you like his novels?
You're welcome!
Mark Haddon wrote The Odyssey and The Odyssey of Pat Tillman.
Yes, it was written by Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
No I haven't but I know it was written by Peter Capaldi and was released in 2002.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Do you like her work?
Yes, it does have a sequel.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hunger Games because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend Walking Disaster. It's a murder mystery.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Matrix Reloaded because it is a Thriller or because it stars Keanu Reeves?
Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded? It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
John Wick also stars Keanu Reeves. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in New York?
Yes, she won the MTV Music Music Music Award for choreography.
I'm not sure, but I do know she is from Australia.
She starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
I do as well. I'm a big fan of Lana Wachowski.
I'm not sure, but Lana Wachowski also wrote The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was also written by Richelle Mead.
It was written by Richelle Mead and it was released in 2011.
Yes, he did and it was released in 2011.
Do you like Mission: Impossible because it is a Thriller or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Do you like the movie because it's a Lego movie?
Sure! Do you like The Lego Movies? I would recommend The Lego Movie.
Yes, he starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Tom Skerritt. Do you like his movies?
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Matrix Revisited. Have you read it?
Yes, I have read that one and it was released in 1818.
Yes, they were written in English and also in English.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1856.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a musician and a musician.
Yes, there is a Toy Story starring Toy Story 2 and Toy Story 2
Yes, some of the actors in Toy Story 3 are Jennifer Jason Leigh and Michael Caine.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can find it for you.
Yes, I can! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player from Nashville. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Blade Runner stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2011.
William Sanderson also starred in Blade Runner. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
Bood Diamond starred Robert De Niro and Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
That's a great movie. Leonardo DiCaprio is a very good actor. Did you know he also starred in The Aviator and The Lady in the Peaks?
He starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Titanic."
James Nesbitt starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Law Abiding Citizen because it's a Thriller?
Richard Portnow starred in The Mists of Avalon, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I like psychological thrillers and crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Do you like Science Fiction movies, because it's a thriller?
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of her music. She is a very talented actress. Do you like her?
I'm not sure of any of her songs, but Pink is a very talented singer.
I like Lady Gaga too. She has a very good voice.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Do you like fantasy books?
It was released in 2005. It's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure, but it's in English.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Summer (of You and Me)
It is a fiction book
Anita Diamant has also written a book called The Red Tent
You are welcome
Sure, do you like The Untouchables because it's a thriller?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like The Untouchables. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen that one yet, but I can check it for you if you like.
It's a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
I have not seen it but I can tell you it was released in 2011 and written by Natalie Portman.
I'm not sure, but it was released 2012 and Natasha Preston was in it.
Yes, I would recommend X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
Natasha Preston is the lead in the movie and the director is Liam Neeson
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but it's in the same genre as Beautiful Darkness.
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time because it's a fantasy movie?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Dungeons & Dragons stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like that movie?
You're welcome!
Are you looking for other books written by Sophie Kinsella or similar authors?
She wrote The Undomestic Goddess, The Undomestic Goddess, and The Undomestic Goddess.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is considered a romance novel
It was written by Kristin Cashore
You're welcome
She wrote The Search. Have you read it?
I don't know, but she did write A Tree In Brooklyn
Yes it was in English
I'm not a huge fan of football, but I do know that he's a great player.
I don't really follow soccer, but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it the movie you've seen?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Shackleton is an action adventure film also starring Kenneth Branagh
It was released in 2004.
He's an American professional basketball player who was drafted to the New York Trilogy.
He is a novelist who writes in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes, he writes thrillers, dramas, and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
I'm going to add them to your reading list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Scarlett Johansson and Emma Stone. Do you like Emma Stone?
Yes, she is married to Emma Stone.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote the novel, Things Fall Apart. Have you read it?
Then you would like to check out Chinua Achebe. It was written by Claude Rains.
No I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Chinua Achebe.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller and Drama
Have you read Tuesdays with Morrie? It's a memoir.
Do you like The Matrix because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Ninja Assassin stars Katharine McPhee and a few other actors.
I'm not a huge fan of The Weekend but I do enjoy watching it. Isn't it a slapstick movie?
Isn't he a singer?
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence is a great song too.
I do, it was written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know of any other thriller movies, but he is best known for directing the suspense genre. Do you like suspense movies?
The Brethren was released in 2004.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. The Vanished Man was written in English and is in English.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like childrens literature?
Have you read The Cat in the Hat? It was written by Dr Seuss.
Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket was written by Dr Seuss. Do you like books by him?
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I haven't heard of Maroon 5 but I do like his music. Do you like Maroon 5?
I don't have any information on The X Factor but I do know that Adam Levine is also a composer and a musician.
Peter Dinklage starred in The Station Agent and The Station Agent.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Have you heard of A Midsummer Night's Dream? It was written by William Shakespeare.
Well, if you like the Romeo and Juliet, you might want to check out A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy.
Yes he starred in bobby
yes it was released in 1999
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Apocalypse Now
You're welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, he did, and he also wrote The Absolute Sandman.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was influenced by Stephen Fry. He was influenced by Stephen Fry.
Yes, it is considered Children's literature.
You're welcome!
Her is a romance film released in 2013. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson stars in a lot of movies. It's a comedy-drama, starring Scarlett Johansson.
The film We Bought a Zoo is a comedy-drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sure it was released in 2013.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 2 because it's a thriller?
Yes, she starred in that movie. She was also in Nowhere Boy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Pulp Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt.
I don't know much about him, but he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
Yes, he was alive. Did you know he was influenced by Bill Murray?
Yes, he starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did write that one as well.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
yes she does. do you like her?
Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years is a good one do you like basketball?
i haven't ever seen a game live. do you like it?
Isn't he married to Hailey Baldwin?
I'm not sure, but I do know he won a Grammy for Best Pop Pop Pop Music Award.
I haven't heard much of his music but I've heard he's a very talented singer.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Yes, he was in The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen that one?
Christopher Lee also starred in The Hunger Games, which is a romantic comedy.
The Battle of Labyrinth is a novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordan.
Then you should check out The Titan's Curse by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animation films?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was a play. Do you like play?
Yes, she co-wrote Wicked with her in the musical theatre genre.
You're welcome.
Mhari Calvery starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Do you like her work?
Mhari Calvery also starred in Braveheart which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It's in English.
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It's in English.
You're welcome
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Super and Slither stars Tom Hanks, Josh Hutcherson, and Kristen Connolly.
He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I will add them now.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and Persuasion.
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1606.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I think it's worth watching! It's a great Sci-Fi/Drama.
Yes, I have seen him in The Martian, which is a science fiction movie.
Have you seen Interstellar, Gravity or Inception?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard of his last album, but I do like his music. Do you like his music?
Yes, it was played on the radio. It was a very popular one.
I don't know a lot about him. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm a big fan of his.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
He wrote рестуление и накаание и накаание.
It was written in English
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Brazilian national team.
I don't know much about him, but I know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure, but I know she was born in Rio de Janeiro.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Robert De Niro is also in that film. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. I like his song We Found Love. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes.
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 2003.
Under Magnolia was released in 1996.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier and The Pacifier. Have you seen those?
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like Underdog?
You're welcome!
Do you like City of God because it's a crime movie?
It is a thriller starring Seu Jorge and Seu Jorge. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know a whole lot but I can tell you he starred in The House of Seven Gables which is a thriller.
Sure, he wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read them?
Yes, I can recommend Xenocide and Xenocide.
Yes, you should check out Without Fail. It is also a good one.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you more about The Mortal Instruments.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Historian is a slapstick film written by Christopher Nolan. It was released in 1999.
Sure. The Historian is a book with suspense and suspense genre. Do you like suspense?
Without Fail is a thriller. It was released in 2011. It is about a man who gets beaten up in a bout bout.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like The Book Thief because it is a Speculative fiction?
Did you know it was written by Kurt Wimmer?
Yes, he starred in that one as well. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like Snow White and the Huntsman?
Yes she did, she was also in Snow White and the Huntsman.
They both wrote and directed and produced Snow White and the Huntsman.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is written by Philip Pullman and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of The Weeknd, but I do like his music. Isn't he a musician?
Yes, Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets, which is a romantic comedy.
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I do, she starred in The Muppets. Do you like her?
Will Smith starred in it as well. Do you like Will Smith?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen As Good As It Get Gets a good movie, but he is a great actor. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend a couple of other movies starring Robert De Niro. Do you like him?
He's a great director! Evan Goldberg directed The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book 2.
I'm not sure, but Emma Watson also starred in The Sneetches, have you seen that?
Yes, This is the End is considered a fantasy and a comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Liars of the Earth, which is a Thriller.
John G. Avildsen directed and starred in Rocky. Do you like martial arts films?
John G. Affleck starred in The Last Dragon, which is a great movie.
Yes, she is. She also starred in The Cosby Show.
Great, enjoy!
Do you like the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
The Queen of Attolia is a drama
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that one is in English
Yes, it was directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It was also written by Jean M Auel.
The Shelters of Stone was written by John Lasseter and is considered Speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is also considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Unforgivable Blackness has genre Romance and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Unforgivable Blackness: Evolution Unforgivable Blackness.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Unforgivable Blackness, which is a crime fiction.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like him?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do. Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is a very good tennis player.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I like Michael Jordan, he's a great actor. Did you know he's also a musician?
I love that movie! I really liked The 2nd one. I think Ivan Reitman was great in it.
They haven't won a lot of Super Bowls, but they haven't won a lot of Super Bowls.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
The Lightning Theif is a fantasy novel.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Conjuring. It's a great Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Side of Paradise and was released in 2010.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Side of Paradise and The Side of Paradise. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton was influenced by Michael Crichton. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore writers related to Crichton.
Sure, Robin Cook is a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in London.
You are welcome.
Well, if you like Ratatouille, you should check out Ratatouille. It's a great movie.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Incredibles, which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
He wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
It is a biography.
Yes, he also wrote Into the Wild and Into Thin Air
I don't really know any other song by him. Is he a composer or songwriter?
I'm not sure, but I do know he's also a musician.
I don't know a song by him, but I think he's a very talented singer.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Siddhartha because it is a Speculative fiction or because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Pratchett.
He has also written The Dark Knight Rises and The Thief of Always.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might like The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard he's a great actor.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins.
The Girl on the Train was written by Peter Hyams.
I don't have any information on any other films filmed in Mexico. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do. I love his music. Do you know he's in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Yes, I like her music too. Did you see her in The Muppets?
Yes, I do. I like her singing. She's a great singer.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Incredibles. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I can recommend X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and was released in 1996.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Bigsby, which is a great Drama.
Yes, it is. Do you like dramas?
Billie Letts also wrote Where the Hearts, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler.
No, I don't have any information on her movies. Is there anything else she starred in?
Yes, My Cousin Vinny is a great movie!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Yes, he has also starred in The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a Thriller.
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
You're welcome
Yes, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
It is a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like Deadpool?
The Power of the lead character is Cradle Will Rock.
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can find it online
E Lockhart wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like his books?
Yes, it is in English.
You're welcome.
Do you like Interstellar because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like Interstellar because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, you might like The Maze Runner. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Mark Twain, who also starred in the movie.
If you like World War Z, you might want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
I don't really know, but I'm a big fan of his music.
I don't really know, but I'm a big fan of pop music.
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, she starred in Equilibrium, which is a drama.
She's a great actress! She also starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a film producer. He starred in The Bodyguard and The Bodyguard.
I don't know , but I know he also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Do you like The Selection because it is a young adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren and The Siren, The Prince, and The Siren, and The Siren, to name a few.
Great, enjoy the book!
You're welcome
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Waking Life is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic films?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Great, I will add Paper Towns to your list.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Yes, he did. He also directed the Indie film The Good Will Hunting.
Yes, you are correct! He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a great movie.
I'm sure you would enjoy it! It's a great movie!
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
He was influenced by David Sedaris. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you familiar with that?
Flannery O'Connor was also influenced by David Sedaris. Did you know he was born in Santaland?
Yes, it was written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Liars. It was released in 2014 and was released in English.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2014 if you like.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker. He was born in New York. Do you like his movies?
Thirteen Moons is considered a historical novel.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier and is considered a historical novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a very popular person in the world.
I'm a big fan of their music. I'm a big fan of their music. Do you like them?
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote a lot of books. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is also a writer and a screenwriter.
He is a professional professional golfer from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It's in English and was released in English
I am not sure if she wrote Eleanor Roosevelt, but she was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt
You're welcome!
Goodfellas was written by Nicholas Pileggi. Do you like Nicholas Pileggi?
Goodfellas is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert De Niro also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
What Just Happened is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it was written by Art Linson.
You're welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it's a comedy?
I am not sure who starred in What Lies Beneath, but it is a drama.
I'm sorry I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
They are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Doc Rivers. Do you like them?
I do. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you?
I'm not a big fan of Lakers, but I do enjoy watching the Lakers.
I'm not a big fan of basketball, but I do know he's a great player.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like Jason Statham?
Simon West also directed The Mists of Avalon, which is a great movie.
Natalie Babbitt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Children's Literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Do you like The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it's a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are correct! He also starred in Independence Day. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Basher Savage starred in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gravity was released in 2010.
Gravity was released in 2013. Gravity also was released in 2013.
Gravity starred Alfonso Cuarón. Gravity also starred Alfonso Cuarón.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Did you know that the Oakland Raiders moved to Los Angeles?
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale.
Yes, The Prestige is a film adaptation and starred by Christopher Nolan
Rebecca Hall starred in The Prestige and The Prestige.
You're welcome
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
I am sorry, I don't have any information on similar books.
You are welcome.
Yes, P.C. Cast wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It's a romance novel. It was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
I do! It's a great book written by George R.R. Martin.
That is correct. Do you like White Teeth because it's a drama?
Yes, he also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Lasseter directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Cars 2 was released in 2004.
Peter Jacobson starred in Cars 2. He was also in Cars 2 and also in Cars 2.
You're welcome!
He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like his movies?
She's a boxer who starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I do know he was in Remember the Titans.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Bill Bidwill. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know much about football but I do know that Alex Smith was the owner of the Redskins
Yes, it was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like Terry Pratchett?
Yes, Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
You should check out Wyrd Sisters if you like Speculative fiction
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like him?
I don't think he is tall, but I think he is married to Gisele
I'm not sure, but he's pretty tall.
You're welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal Lector. Do you like Hannibal?
I haven't seen The Juror, but I do like Matthew Cowles. Anne Hecheche was great in The Juror.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a big fan of Transformers. Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in that?
Shia Lebouf starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, I can recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Michael Jordan was drafted by the New York Times.
Do you like Hush because it's a thriller?
yes it is a series
Yes, it is a Romance novel as well as a comedy.
I hope you enjoy them!
You as well!
Yes, he is a professional golfer from London.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I do know he's from the United States of America.
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I love Adam Sandler, he was in the movie too!
I'm not a big fan of the Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are in the AFC West division.
I don't know much but I do know that David Nicholls is from the United States.
I don't know much about their team but I do know that they are in the AFC West division.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela and La sombra del viento.
Yes, Rayuela was released in 1987 and is in English. Do you like Spanish literature?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her?
Yes, she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
That's right. It was based on a book written by Taylor Swift.
Yes, Looking for Alaska is written by John Green. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Would you like to know more about that?
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
He starred in Truman Capote, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Truman Capote.
I haven't seen it. Is it a romantic comedy that you like?
Yes, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Mandy Moore was in it as well. Do you like her?
Yes, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great family film.
Yes, he was. He was great in Toy Story.
Tom Hanks was great in that movie as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. It was written by James Dashner. Do you like that author?
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a good Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind was released in 2009.
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Romantic comedies?
You're welcome. He also starred in A Beautiful Mind.
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help you with. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando. Do you like him?
Marlon Brando directed The Scent of a Woman.
Yes, he is. He is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, you should check out Unleashed, Unleashed, and Crime Fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her?
She is a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she is a singer like Selena Gomez
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. Do you like any of their music?
I'm a huge fan of their music. My favorite song is Whatcha Say. Have you heard of it?
I'm not a huge fan of pop music but I do like some of their music. My favorite is What's Your Number?
Craig T. Nelson starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was in Pete Doctor. Do you like Pete Doctor?
He also starred in The Incredibles, which is a great movie.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you. Diane Keaton also starred in Water for Elephants, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Do you like poetry?
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and The Collected Poems.
I don't have that information, but Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, he was a very talented person. His songs are very popular and he was influenced by Michael Jackson. Do you like his music?
Did you know he was influenced by John Lennon and John Lennon?
Yep, it's about a whale. It's about a man who gets a life of a man who gets trapped trapped in a desert.
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander, but Ryan Reynold directed it.
You're welcome!
He wrote Il Principe.
Il Principe is written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Il Principe was written by Niccolo Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
Il Principe was written by Niccolo Machiavelli and released in 1513.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Colombia national team.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it was written in English.
She wrote The Color Purple which is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
The Color Purple is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, it is Musical. Do you like Musicals?
It was written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know a whole lot, but Christopher Nolan produced it and directed it.
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder for the France national football team?
Real Madrid is a football team coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a tennis fan myself. Do you like tennis?
Do you like The Scarlet Letter because it's a drama?
Yes, he wrote The Cider House Rules. Have you read it?
The World According to Garp is a thriller.
I'm not sure, but The World According to Garp was released in 1981.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray is an American film director, producer, producer, producer, producer and producer. Do you like his movies?
Yes she was in Princess Mononoke. Do you like her?
It is a War film starring Jada Pinkett Smith and was released in 2011.
Sure. I will add it now. Enjoy!
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it's a drama?
Sure, The Fight Club is a drama/crime starring Matt Damon and Morgan Freeman. Do you like dramas?
I don't really know a comedy, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
Yes, Brad Pitt is a great actor. He also starred in a comedy called X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Romance Film. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a Romantic film.
Yes, it is. It is also a Romantic film.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Do you know a lot about Cricket? It's a popular sport. It's very popular.
That's interesting. Did you know he's from India?
I'm not a big fan of Lakers, but I do know that they are in the NBA. Do you like them?
I think he is a good coach. He was born in Los Angeles, California.
Yes, it was written by Louisa May Alcott. Do you like the author?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he wrote a couple of books titled "Twilight of the Night" and "Twilight of the Night."
Holes is a great book for books. I think you would enjoy it.
I know he is a basketball player and plays for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's married to Gisele.
They are a basketball movie. Do you like basketball movies?
You are welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vampire Academy. Have you seen that?
Sure, Vulgar is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 1996.
Sure, Vulgar is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 1996.
Kevin Smith is an American film director and producer. He was a producer and a producer on The Titans. He was a producer and a producer.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about soccer, I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind. Do you like the author?
He wrote Wizard's First Rule and Wizard's First rule. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1994.
Yes! Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George R.R. Martin and is a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1949.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that George Orwell also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Down and Out in Paris is a Historical novel.
You're welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes, Stephen Gostkowski is on the New England Patriots team.
I do! He's a great boxer! He's a very good boxer.
Yeah, he's a good boxer. Did you know he won a lot of fights?
Yes, he was a boxer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
The City and the Stars was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Star Maker.
It is a Speculative fiction.
Do you like Twilight because it's a Romantic comedy?
Have you seen the movie Twilight? It's in the romance genre.
Sure! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Chris Rock.
I'm sure you will enjoy them both!
Yes, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
Yes, she did. She also won the Academy Award for Best Picture of the Year.
How to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dale carnegie and released in 1936. Do you like self-help books?
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one.
I don't know, but Stephen R. Covey also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Jack Reacher stars Tom Hanks and is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Jack Reacher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he's a great artist! He's a very talented artist.
Ziggy Marley is a very talented singer. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I can play some of his songs. Do you like any of them?
Do you like Ratatouille because it's a romantic comedy?
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Se7en is a great movie. Do you like Se7en because it's a thriller?
If you like crime Thrillers, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
I'm sure you will love it!
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released 2011.
No, I haven't, but I can tell you it was released in 2011.
Circling the Sun was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written in English.
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in We Rode in Trucks?
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like Stronger. Do you like any of her songs?
I don't know if she has any other fans, but I do know she has a lot of celebrity fans as well.
Yes, I do. I like reality television. I'm a big fan of his.
Yes, City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy/Adventure novel.
She also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Wizard of Oz and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, she starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a drama film.
I'm not sure, but The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama film.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like history movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a history film.
Yes, he wrote The Män som hatar kvinnor.
The Castle was released in 2001. It's a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Goonies, which is a great movie.
Catch Me If You Can has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
She wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren and The Prince and the Frog. Have you read either of those?
The Siren is a thriller and The Queen is a drama.
I'm sure she's good for her niece! She also wrote The Siren, The Siren, and The Queen.
Yes, it was written by Modern Prometheus and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I can tell you that Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Modern Prometheus, which is genre Thriller.
He's done a lot of great comedies. He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was also in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is in the Young-adult fiction genre.
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
Yes he was a point guard as well as a point guard
Yes, they have become a point guards as well.
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by Tony Tanner and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Yes, it is a great science fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi movie?
The Planet of the Apes stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like that actor?
Volcano stars Tom Hanks. It's also a Sci-Fi movie.
I have not seen it, but it was written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his movies?
Yes, they were both in that movie. Do you like that genre?
Missy Eliot was the lead in the film, Moulin Rouge.
No problem!
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player from Portugal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I'm more of a soccer fan myself. I prefer American football.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I do, I like American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I hope they do. They have a good chance.
Sure, Alan Rickman starred in The Wild West which is a drama film.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's a good crime/thriller.
Yes, you're right! Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in the film?
You're welcome!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
That's a good one. Abigail Breslin also starred in a couple of other movies.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes I do, he is a very talented singer.
Yes, she won the American Idol a few years ago
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was made into a movie.
Do you like Ender's Game because it's a speculative fiction or because it's speculative fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is also Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Waylander was written by George R.R. Martin
you are welcome
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Richelle Mead
You're welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
She's a great actress! Did you know she was born in New York?
Yes, she was in the muppets too.
Do you like Coldplay because it's a song or a song?
That's a good one. Did you know Yellow was released in 1985?
Yes, they were. Amsterdam is a great place for music.
Yes, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie which is a comedy.
Yes she is. She also starred in The Wedding Singer.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
yes it is. what else can i answer for you?
it was released in 2004. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
It's pop music. Do you like pop music?
I do! He's a great singer. Did you know he's from the United States?
Its about a young man who meets a woman in a deserted town and falls into a desert.
I'm not sure what year it came out
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Wolverine because it's a Thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a romantic comedy.
He also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Mike Starr starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Mike Starr also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He directed the movie Shooter. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I don't have that information, but Stephen Hunter starred in a lot of thrillers.
Yes, he did. The O.C. series is a tv series.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
Do you like Godfather because it is a crime movie?
Then you might also like The Man Who Stood Up in the Smoke.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a crime movie.
Sure! Maleficent stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like that actor?
Angelina Jolie also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
Mr and Mrs Smith was in The Bone Collector.
Yes, that's a good one. Did you know that Owen Wilson was in Wedding Crashers?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like Owen Wilson?
He plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
He plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni Kroos plays on the Germany national football team. He's a very good player.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Portugal. Do you like soccer?
It is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is a player on the Portugal national football team.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Orlando Bloom?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like Edge of Tomorrow?
I don't have any information on Edge of Tomorrow, but I can tell you that Tom Cruise also starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes, he was great in that movie as well.
Great, enjoy the movie!
I haven't seen it, but I do like it. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
I don't think I've seen murder mystery, but if you like murder mystery, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, which is a murder mystery.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet, can you tell me more about it?
Yes, she's a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
She wrote a lot of romance novels. She also wrote Apocalypse Now. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a baseball fan, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like the Yankees?
He's from New York, New York.
Yes, it was written by Tim Burton. It was released in 2002.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was produced by Tony Tanner.
I don't know what else he produced, but I can tell you that he also produced Apocalypto.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Tom Hanks
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, and Michael Rapaport also starred in Inside Out. Do you like him?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Romantic comedies?
Yes, Robin Williams is in it as well as Good Will Hunting.
Yes, The People Speak and Push, Nevada is a great movie.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I like Joe Montana, he was on the New York Giants.
I like the Steelers, but I'm more of a Steelers fan myself.
Do you like The Thorn Birds because it's a thriller?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Women of Brewster Place is a film starring Gloria Naylor.
Oprah Winfrey also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Great. I hope you enjoy!
Dark Lover is written by J.R. Ward and is a vampire novel. Do you like vampire books?
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Do you like his writings?
The Mist was released in 2005 and The Maze Runner is a great science fiction Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Mist and The Maze Runner is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Have you read them?
Sure, I will do that!
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
It's a horror film. Do you like horror films?
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Sure, Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
The Invasion has a great cast including Chris Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like any of them?
She also starred in The Body Snatchers. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know he's a basketball player from Miami. Do you like basketball?
She starred in Cadillac Records, which is a romantic comedy.
Lady Gaga is a very talented singer. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Do you like Bradley Cooper?
It's a great movie! Will Smith also starred in The Muppets. Do you like Will Smith?
Martin Gardner starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Essential readings for the Non-Believer is a non-Believer written by Martin Gardner.
I don't know a lot, but Victor J Stenger was influenced by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers because it is a fantasy movie?
He also starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he starred in Zulu, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I do! She's a great author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Do you like her?
Yes, he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I do! I love Adam Sandler movies. Do you like Adam Sandler?
I loved Hot Tub Time Machine. Did you know Harold Ramis also wrote that?
Yes, he directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Now You See Me is a great movie. Do you like Now You See Me because it is a Thriller?
Yes, it was released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
I don't know much about Crime Drama, but Alan Pakula also directed and produced it.
Do you like Juno because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Young Adult films are you interested in Young Adult films, such as The Incredibles and The Incredibles?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper is one of the stars in Young Adult films. It's a comedy drama
Bradley Cooper starred in The Hunger Games, which is a comedy drama.
Bradley Cooper starred in a comedy movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and Light Between Oceans.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and it was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
Have a great day!
Do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a romance novel?
Lullaby was written by Jane Austen.
I don't have any information on any other books he wrote, but he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Yes, I do. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yeah, it's a great movie. Did you see it? It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Melinda Clarke also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I haven't seen it yet, but I can check it for you if you like.
Rocky is a war film. Do you like war films?
Have you seen the boxer movies? It's a martial arts film.
It's a martial arts film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it's a Romantic comedy?
You should check out Water for Elephants, it is a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Blake Griffin was great in the movie The Matrix. Do you like basketball?
I'm more of a basketball fan myself. What is your favorite player?
I agree. I love sportsmen. I'm a big football fan.
Oh wow, i didn't know that. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon.
Sure, do you like Godfather because it is a thriller?
Yes, it is. Do you like the movie because it is a Romantic comedy?
Apocalyps Now is a great movie. Apocalyps Now is a great movie.
Apocalyps Now is a great movie starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Princess Diaries which is a great movie.
Do you like the movie because it's a fantasy film?
I don't know a whole lot but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Meg Cabot. He was born in London. Do you like his work?
Underworld is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Yes. Meg Cabot wrote Underworld: Global Cooling and Underworld: Global Cooling.
You're welcome!
Do you like Insomnia because it's a thriller?
Insomnia is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I'm sorry I don't have the release date for this movie.
You're welcome!
Craig Ferguson starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
Yes, he starred in Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2004.
Yes, she is a tennis player from Constanta.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know she was born in Sao Paulo.
Yes Victoria Azarenka is also a tennis player.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
Yes, he is a good coach. He was born in San Francisco. Do you like San Francisco?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
127 Hours is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
127 Hours is a great movie. James Franco also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
The Wrestler is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like wrestling?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player?
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know that Virat Kohli is from Bangalore.
I don't really follow cricket, but I know Virat Kohli is from Bangalore.
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1951.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
There's a whole series of books written by J.M. Barrie, such as The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings series.
Yes, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks.
It's a Historical novel. It was released in 1904 and is about a murder.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction written by Theodore Lesieg and was released in 1905.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
He wrote рат и овести, ес, and ес.
I am not sure, but Eecbl was released in English and was released in English.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in English.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods starring Tom Hanks?
The Cabin in the Woods was written by Kristen Connolly.
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Roberto Orci?
Did you like the movie because it was a superhero movie?
Yes, he also directed Superhero: Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
I don't have that information, but I can check Ben Affleck starring Owen Wilson.
2006 was the year that released The Scanner Darkly.
The Blind Side is a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Biographies are Biographical films. Do you like Biographies?
It's a Biographical film starring Sean Penn. It's about a young man who lives in a deserted town.
You're welcome!
She's a great tennis player. Her sister Serena is Venus Williams.
I do not follow tennis but I do know that Venus Ebony Starr was ranked world No. 1 in singles
Venus has a doubles partner as Serena.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. The Proposal is a romantic comedy. Do you like that?
I haven't seen The Other Boleyn Girl, but I've heard it's a great romance.
Do you like Prisoners because it is a mystery or a thriller?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Robert De Niro is in it. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2004.
I haven't seen Superman Returns, but I do enjoy watching Superman Returns. How about you?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a good one. You should check it out. It's a great movie.
Tom Hanks is also in You've Got Mail.
I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome
Do you like Deception Point because it's a thriller?
yes Techno-thriller has examples: Reamde. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i answer for you today?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
It is based on a book written by Lemony Snicket.
The Wide Window has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, that's correct. Daniel Handle also wrote Apocalypto.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
I haven't read Outlander, but I know it was written by Neil Gaiman and is a science fiction.
I'm not sure what else she wrote, but I know she also wrote Inland Empire.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Isn't he a soccer player?
Not really. I'm more of a football fan myself. What about you?
Yes they were. Do you like Ryan Gosling? He was in Remember the Titans.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow, which is a thriller.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I love Madonna! She starred in a lot of movies. Did you know she was in a relationship with Madonna?
I like a lot of Madonna's music. I'm more of a Madonna fan myself. She's also a musician.
I'm a big fan of his song : Speak Your Mind. What's your favorite song?
I'm not a fan of the New York Jets, but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I don't really follow football, but I do like the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I don't know much about football, but I do know that the New York Jets is owned by Bill Murray.
Yes, he starred in Snatch. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and was released in 2012.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, I can do that for you.
I have heard of them. They are a very good band. Do you like them?
I haven't heard much of their music but I do know they are very popular in the K-pop generation.
That's a great song from South Korea. It's about a man who lives in a deserted desert.
He starred in Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Yes, he was in both Deadpool movies, have you seen it?
Eminem is a great rapper. Do you like rappers?
Yes, he is. Snoop Dogg is a great singer.
Yes, he did. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Time Bandits is a comedy/drama released in 2002. It was released in 2010.
Time Bandits is a romantic comedy released in 2003.
She also starred in The Ice Nymphs. Do you like her?
Sure! Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She's written The History of a murder. Do you like that genre?
It's a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Transformers is more of a crime movie.
Yes, it is. Do you like Dwayne Johnson's movies?
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do like American football. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. Do you like football?
I am a huge fan of the commercials. I think the super bowl will be tomorrow.
She starred in The Matrix and in The Matrix. Do you like her acting?
Yes, she was in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have it, but it's a good movie.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
The Time Traveler's Wife is a romantic comedy.
Stan Lee wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Memento was written by Roland Emmerich. He also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, he has written several movies such as Unbreakable and The Dark Knight Rises.
Batman Begins added to your watch list.
I'm not a Packers fan, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't have that information but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about their coach, but they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Have you read Les Miserables? He also wrote Les Miserables.
Do you like books written by Victor Hugo? He wrote Les Miserables.
Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Frank Grillo.
Deadpool was released in 2010. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he the one who plays for the Belgium national team?
I'm more of a football fan myself. What about you?
I'm sure it won the Premier League this year.
I haven't seen her music but I do like her in Princess Protection Program. Do you like her?
Yes, he was in Men in Black 3.
I haven't seen it yet, will watch it tonight!
Step Brothers stars Sean Connery and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
John C. O'Brien is hilarious. Isn't he a writer as well?
I'm not sure, but John C. O'Brien wrote it.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a novel.
That's correct. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure! He directed The King's Speech, The King, and The King's Speech.
The King's Speech was rated R.
The King's Speech was released in 2011.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots.
That's right. He also coached the Patriots. Do you like him?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage. Do you like Nicolas Cage?
I'm a big fan of her music. Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
I'm not sure, but I do know that she was in Battleship with Taylor Kitsch.
I think you would enjoy it. It is a great movie.
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
He is a tennis player from Villiers. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
That's a great album.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Yes he was. He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Yes, Olivia Munn starred in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
Hope you enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Do you like Juraissic because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is science fiction?
Yes, he was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Apocalypse Now
Sure, X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a good adventure movie
Yes, he starred in The Wolverine, The Wolverine, and The Wolverine
Yes, he wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was cowritten by Stephen King.
I'm not sure if he's a great author but he also wrote a couple of books starring Rolling In and Rolling.
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are in the NFC West division. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about the coach, but I do know they are in the AFC West division.
He plays the forward position
Yes, they will make the playoffs tomorrow
Yes, she is a very talented singer. She has been around a while.
I don't know a lot about her, but I do like Battleship. Did you know she was born in San Francisco?
I don't think they are mixed up, but I do like Liam Neeson.
Yes, I do. He starred in Desperado. Are you a fan of his?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
i dont have that information. but i love her music. what about you?
Charlotte Bront wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Jane Eyre. It was released in 1853.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Le Comte de Monte-Cristo and was released in 1966.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and released in 2014. Do you like the author?
Sure, she also wrote Station Eleven. Station Eleven was released in 2014.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, they are similar to The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
He also wrote Time (Drama Film), Time (Drama Film)
It was released in 1595
Do you like the movie because it's a Romantic comedy?
Well, if you like historical movies, you should check out The Notebook.
Yea, it was written by Sara Gruen and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, I will do that.
Yes, it was written by Jamie Ford. It's a great book.
Yes, he also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
Yes, it is somewhere in the United States of America.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2001.
Do you like Batman Begins because it stars Tom Hanks?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
Do you like the book because it's a Speculative fiction?
Mysteries is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Have you read The Crow Road? It's a great book.
Margaret R Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he wrote it and it was released in 1891.
He wrote a book called A Pure Woman Faithfully Present which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote Silkworm
J.K. Rowling also wrote Silkworm
You are welcome.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
The Goonies is a fantasy book
There's Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
i dont have information about that
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.D. Salinger?
Yes, it was written by Simmons.
I don't have any information on any other books by him, but I can send you the book to you.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Do you like him?
He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know that James Coburn also starred in Apocalypto.
That's a great one! I also like Young Frankenstein.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I think he's a good player. Isn't he a point guard?
I'm more of a basketball fan myself. I'm more of a basketball fan myself.
He is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
Do you like The Catcher in the Rye because it is a Speculative fiction?
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is that what you're looking for?
I know they are a singer from Seoul, South Korea. Do you like them?
I don't know a whole lot about classical music, but I do know that they are from South Korea.
I don't know much of her music, but I do like Pink. Do you like Pink?
The Poisonwood Bible is a novel written by John Irving. Do you like that author?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1995.
I would recommend World Without End, written by Barbara Kingsolver.
I'm going to add that one to your list.
You're welcome!
Looper is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
have a good day
Do you like A Beautiful Mind because it's a Romantic comedy?
Yes, he directed The Beautiful Mind, which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Tanner.
Tony Goldwyn also wrote The Lady in the White City: Murder, Murder, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America.
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
It was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and was released in 2004.
Yes, he also wrote Nine Stories. Have you read that?
You are welcome.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Argentina national football team?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2005.
I am not sure who starred in that one but I do know it was written by Virginia Woolf.
I can't think of a good Drama movie, but I can recommend a similar drama called Afraid of Fire.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma which was released in 1895.
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, and The White Queen.
It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Novels?
Yes, they are both historical fiction books.
You're welcome
It is a sports team based in England. Do you like sports teams?
They're in the AFC West division right?
I'm a Packers fan myself. I'm a Packers fan myself.
Wally Lamb is a great actress. Did you know he starred in a lot of movies. Is it the movie or movie?
I know This Much Is True is written by Wally Lamb. It's also a great Fiction novel.
Then you should check it out. It's a great novel.
You are welcome.
I'm not a big fan of the Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are in the AFC West division.
I do. I'm a Packers fan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Do you like Inside Out because it's a thriller?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I do know it was written by Steven Spielberg.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes Victoria Justice was a great sitcom. Did you know she also starred in the Children's Television series?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Zoey 101 starred in Victorious.
I forgot about that one. I think she was a very good actress.
Downfall is written by John Malkovich and is a war film. Do you like war films?
Windtalkers is a war film. Do you like war films?
Sure! Zero Dark Thirty has been added.
The Catchter in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I don't have any recommendations for any other Fiction novels.
Sure, I can add Wuthering Heights to your list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes! The movie Ralphand Wall E is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, she starred in Despicable Me. Have you seen it?
Mindy Kaling starred on Wreck it Ralph Ralph. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are in the AFC West division.
I'm not a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about him, but I do know he's from the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, I do. Wes Anderson starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Owen Wilson plays the role of The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree, he is a minor role as well.
Yes, he is a golfer from London.
He's a great golfer from England. He won a couple of PGA Championships.
I don't know too much about him but he's a tennis player from England.
I do! Virginia Woolf wrote The Lighthouse and The Lighthouse. Have you read them?
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Do you like Leonard Woolf?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2008.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
He currently plays for the Denver Nuggets. He's on the New Orleans Saints.
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. Do you like any of them?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in a lot of movies. Is that what you're looking for? She starred in A Bug's Life.
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Incredible Hulk, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, he has directed several films such as The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book.
It's a great movie. It's a Romantic comedy.
Me too! She's a great actress. She's a wonderful actress. She was born in Paris. Do you like her music?
She also wrote the book, Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I agree, Taylor Swift is very talented and a lot of her songs are catchy, do you like her?
I haven't seen Valentine's Day, but I haven't seen it yet.
I don't know much about the Pittsburgh Steelers, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know he's in a relationship with Angelina Jolie. Do you like her?
Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland and Night Star.
She also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a football player and plays for the Colombia national football team.
Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a big fan of Radamel Falcao, but I do know he was born in Santa Marta.
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Dead Poets Society is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Dead Poets Society is a drama/fantasy film.
Well, if you like Drama, you should check out A Bug's Life. It's a drama.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, John Tiffany is a romantic drama written by John Tiffany. Do you like romantic dramas?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Casual Vacancy, The Casual Vacancy, and The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, it was made into a movie. Do you like the movie?
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Emile Zola.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Bourne Identity because it's a Thriller?
The Bourne Identity-The Story was written by Tony Tanner, who also directed The Bourne Identity.
Yes, they both starred in The Bourne Identity.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York
She also wrote Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. He directed Mangold. He also directed The Man Who Stood Up, which is a thriller.
Yes, she was. She also starred in Walk the Line. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course, you might like The Women of Brewster Place. It's a great Romance film.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee.
Great, I will add it to your reading list.
Sure, he starred in The Matrix, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Spud is a Thriller
Yes, he starred in the movie Spud
Hugh Jackman also starred in Spud
Yes, he directed The Last Temptation of Christ and The Last Temptation of Christ.
The Return of a Man Called Horse was released in 1999.
You are welcome.
Yes, he starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Yes, he is in The Other Guys and he also starred in The Cool Guys.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome
Sure! He starred in The Civil War, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Mists of Avalon, which is a very sad movie.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Lawnmower Man.
You are very welcome.
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, which is a biographical film.
He also starred in The Prestige, which is a biographical film.
Yes, and James Cameron also starred in The Prestige and The Prestige.
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Well, if you like 50/50, you should check out The Incredibles. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, I do. Vanessa Fertilio also starred in the movie Shadowboxer. Do you like her?
You're welcome!
Yes, the Brooklyn Nets are a basketball team.
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Nanking was produced by Stephen Dorff. Do you like Stephen Dorff?
Yes, she is a great author. Did you know she was born in New York?
These Happy Golden Years is a novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. It was released in 2005.
Yes. The Looking Glass Wars is a good one.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Have you read Then you will like it. It's a drama.
Have you read Apocalypse Now? It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was written by Richard Avary and released in 1980.
It was released in 1980 and is a drama/crime.
Brad Garrett starred in Troy. Do you like Brad Garrett?
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like his movies?
The Pacifier was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Laurence Fishburne and stars Anne Hathaway.
Yes, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, it is a romance film.
It was directed by Laurence Fishburne, who also directed the movie.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2008
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, she starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
He is a football player and plays for the Colombia national team. Do you like football?
Yes, they are a very good team.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Falcao is a midfielder.
I'm sorry, I don't have information on any actresses from Columbia.
I, Robot stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like As Good as It Gets because it's a comedy?
Terms of Endearment is a comedy/crime film released in 2012. It's a great movie.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
I think they are a pretty good team. They are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
She plays badminton and was born in Nagpur. Do you like badminton?
Yes, she did. That was a great year for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm also a tennis player.
He's from India. He's from India.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Notebook and The Notebook.
It was released in English.
He also contributed to films such as Two by Two and The Wedding.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter and producer as well.
Yes, he was a comedian as well.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I'm not sure there is a sequel to Kill Bill. It was released in 2004.
Yes she is. She starred in it. She also starred in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Sin City is a crime thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Robert Rodriguez starred in the Indie film Sin City. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, Veronika decide morrer is a book similar to Veronika.
Yes, he directed The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
Peter Pan is a Thriller.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby was released in 2008.
I don't have any other books in that genre, but if you like drama, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It was released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by E.B. White and released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925.
Yes, The Fighter is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Jane Eyre. Do you like her work?
Jane Eyre is also considered a novel and was released in 1847.
Villette is a novel and was released in 1847.
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and It Happened to Goodbye.
This Lullaby,The Truth About Forever is written by Sarah Dessen.
Marc Webb starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Do you like Spider Man movies?
Yes, he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and he also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a great movie!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
AB de Villiers is a former player on the South African national team.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure who starred in this movie, but Baz Luhrmann also directed it.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I haven't seen the movie yet, but I can check it for you if you like.
Yes, that's correct. The Princess and the Frog is an excellent fairy tale.
Yes, that's a good one. It was written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
You might like The Return of the Native. It is also considered a historical fiction.
To Build a Fire is a great book written in London. It was released in 2012.
Beautiful Disaster is a book written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like it?
I haven't read Walking Disaster, but I do know that it was released in 2011.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You got it! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like her?
Yes he was, he was also in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
The Bears are owned by Bill Bidwell. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about them. I do know they are coached by Bill Bidwell.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. Do you like Toni Morrison?
Do you like movies written by Beloved because it's historical fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is it the information you'd like?
I love her music. Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Liam Hensworth is a musician and a musician. Do you like his music?
I haven't seen The Last Song yet, but I will check it out. Nicolas Sparks is very talented.
The Lucky One was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding Planner. Have you read that one?
He also wrote The Notebook which was made into a movie. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Sure! Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you seen either?
I'm not sure, but Jean-Marc Vallée starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, it's about a woman who meets a woman and falls into a woman.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else she's in.
Sure, will do.
Do you like Fast and Furious because it's a Thriller?
I don't have that information, but Fast and Furious is starring Vin Diesel.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and Vin Diesel
You are welcome
Do you like World War Z because it's a war film?
Do you like World War Z because it's a zombie movie?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know it was written by Roland Emmerich?
Yes, he also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Sure, he also starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions
You are welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know a whole lot but I can tell you it was written by Kurt Vonnegut.
I hope you enjoy!
I think he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know he was a point guard as well. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball, but he was drafted by the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, I do, he is a great singer. Did you know he was born in New York?
I don't have any information on any of his songs but I do know he was influenced by Sam Smith. Do you like his music?
yes she is a screenwriter. do you like her?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do like their coach, Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, but I've heard that The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Knicks.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. Do you like the Philadelphia Eagles?
Yes, he starred in The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
It was a great movie. It was directed by Chris Weitz. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced American Pie. Have you seen it?
Do you like The Day After Tomorrow because it's a romantic comedy?
No I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller?
Yes, I do. He was great in The Day After Tomorrow, which is a thriller.
I'm not sure, but I know he's a great actor. He also starred in The Hunger Games.
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Oh wow! That's a great sport to follow.
I didn't know that! I'm a huge fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
I didn't know that! I'm a huge fan of Kevin James. He's a great actor!
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary.
Yes, it was released in 1818.
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary. Would you like to hear about similar authors?
You're welcome!
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Ara Celi also starred in American Beauty. Do you like her acting?
Yes, he starred in American Beauty. He also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a comedy.
Yes, she's the highest tennis player in the world right now. Do you like her?
Yes, she's pretty good as well.
I'm not sure. Is she a celebrity?
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Doors. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information but Ridley Scott wrote Alien : Part of the Universe: Alien :The Money in the World
All The Money in the World is a comedy starring Kristen Connolly and Chris Rock.
He has also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class
You are welcome!
I do not have a new album out, but I can tell you she is a singer/songwriter from Nashville.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I love Coraline, it was written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
It's a Historical film. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wicked City was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a very good movie.
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows.
Yes, he has written many children's literature. One of his most well-known works is The Red Fern Grows
It was released in 1996
Your welcome
You're welcome
Do you like The Notebook because it's a Romantic comedy?
I'm not sure, but he also wrote The Notebook and The Notebook.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Moby Dick. Have you read it?
That's right. Did you know he was influenced by William Shakespeare?
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he did. Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go, Go! is a great book.
Sure, he starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Surviving Picasso is a drama film, do you like dramas?
Surviving Picasso has a great cast including Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Do you like The Godfather?
Sure, adding now.
Danny Boyle directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in 127 Hours. He also directed and directed 127 Hours.
127 Hours is considered a Romantic Comedy.
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in Troy, which is a great movie.
I don't have that information, but he is in a relationship with Angelina.
I don't know a whole lot but he was also in the movie Apocalypto
Robert De Niro is also in that movie
you are welcome
Do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revisited, and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome!
I don't really follow soccer, but I do know she won the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final.
Do you like Oldboy because it stars Tom Hanks?
Philip Pullman was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure! He wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung. Do you like that genre?
Die Verwandlung has genre Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zero Dark Thirty stars Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance, Taking Chance, and Taking Chance. Do you like him?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in the Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but it was written by Robert Wade. Do you like it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2012.
I'm not sure, but it was a TV series.
You're welcome!
Do you like Cloud Atlas because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Tom Hanks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Charlize Theron has been in many films. He also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a great action film
You're welcome
Great, have a great day!
Did you like it because it was a Thriller?
I'm sure you will enjoy that one as well.
There's one you might enjoy called Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's a great movie
You got it! Enjoy!
The Pillars of the Earth is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Ken Follett wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
The Day of the Jackage was directed by Christopher Hitchens and was released in 1999.
Yes, she wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was written by Anne Frank. She also wrote A Woman Named Jackie.
It was written by Anne Frank and was released in 1886.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Star Wars, Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is a Sci-Fi?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Have you seen that?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, he directed The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Well, if you liked Surf's Up, you might also want to check out Out of the Dust.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is directed by Matthew Vaughn and is a thriller.
Yes, We Are Marshall is about football. Do you like football?
Angelo Pizzo is a great actor.
I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like football?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a football fan. Do you like football?
Have a great day!
I agree, she's a very good player. Isn't she a midfielder?
I like football. I'm a big football fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm a big football fan.
I like the Washington Redskins, but I don't really have a favorite team.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he is starring in Scream 3 and Scream 3
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Do you like The Matrix because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Andy Wachowski. It is a great movie.
It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Sure! Do you like cornelia funke because it is written by Cornelia Funke?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz and Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a Romance Novel.
King Kong was written by Tony Tanner and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Naomi Watts starred in The Wedding Singer and The Lord of the Rings. Do you like romance films?
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner and was released in 2011.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's more of a pop music.
I don't know too much about her, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is a singer/songwriter. He also starred in The Five Love Languages: How to Express Your Mate.
Yes, he is a great writer. He was born in New York. Do you like his work?
I have not read him, but I know he is a musician and a musician
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, and it was released in 1987.
Yes, he produced it too.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958
i dont have information on that
yes I do
i dont have that information
Yes, American Hustle stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
It's a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Robert Duvall is the author of the movie.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. It's a great crime movie.
You are welcome.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Washington Redskins. Do you like football?
Do you know anything about the Raiders that he coached?
I don't really know much about it, I don't really know much about it, I don't really know much about it. Do you like it?
Sure, do you like Romantic comedies?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012, she also wrote Where Have You Been, which was released in 2012.
Between the Lines is a drama written by Tammara Webber. Do you like drama books?
She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day!
He directed The Goonies, which is a great movie.
Steven Soderbergh starred in The Good German, which was written by Joseph Kanon.
He also starred in The Good German, which was written by Steven Soderbergh.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
Watchmen was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Well, it's genre is Gothic fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Tristan & Isolde and Three Cups of Tea
Rules of Attraction was released in 2011. It's considered a thriller.
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Return to Paradise. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Both are written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
That's correct. Leo wrote the book and the movie, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
Yes, it was a History of Great Britain. Do you like History?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow was also influenced by Sarah Vowell
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he produced The Longest Yard and 50 First Dates.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Adam Sandler was in that film as well.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is considered children's literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts was written by Frank Darabont. It was released in 2004.
Yes. You are correct. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Order of the Phoenix.
Michael O'Neill starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a war film. Do you like war films?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It is a crime drama.
Don't mention it
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a fan of the Spanish soccer team. I don't know much about him. Is he from Spain?
You're welcome!
Do you like The Hangover Part II because it's a comedy?
I'm not sure when it was released. Todd Phillips also wrote The Hangover Part II.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I haven't seen murder mystery, but I do enjoy murder mystery.
I haven't seen that one yet, I will check it out.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it's a Speculative fiction?
Persuasion is written by Christopher Paolini and was released in 2012.
Persuasion was released in 2008.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes she starred in the movie. She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he was born in Switzerland?
I don't really watch tennis, but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know a certain player, but I do know he is a tennis player.
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a romance novel.
She also wrote Inkheart, which is a family novel. Do you like family novels?
I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
The River is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Novels?
The River has genre Thriller and is a great movie. Have you seen any of his movies?
You're welcome!
Shawn Levy directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Real Steel stars Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like The Untouchables because it's a thriller?
Have you seen Crime Fiction? It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Crime Fiction movies. Is there anything else I can help with?
Isn't he a soccer player from Manchester United F.C?
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium.
Well, Alice Walker was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you familiar with his work?
Benjamin Franklin wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great soccer player. Do you like soccer?
No I didn't know that.
Yes they both play in FC Barcelona. Do you like football?
Yes, he was a midfielder as well.
Yes, it is a great book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Wise Man's Fear is a good one. Have you read it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which became a film as well.
The Guard was produced by Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you more about it.
Sure! Did you like The Social Network because it was a comedy?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
I do! Treasure Island was written by Roberto Orci. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1882.
Great, enjoy!
Have you read Apocalypse Now? It is a great book.
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was written by Mark Twain. Do you like his movies?
Danny Aiello is also in The Man Who Brought Down. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in that movie.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Color Purple which is similar to the movie.
I'm sorry, I don't know much about World War II stories.
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Aladdin was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in the movie. Do you like Ben Affleck?
The Lion King was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote For Whom the Bell Tolls. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes I do, I like Drake Bell more. Do you like him?
yea hes good. do you like him?
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back.
White Oleander also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1955.
The Weight of Glory is a great book written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like The Weight of Glory?
Will do! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, they are a pretty good basketball team. Do you like them?
No, I haven't but I do know that Mike Woodson is the coach.
The Hornets have been a long time since they made the playoffs, have you been there?
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a Speculative fiction.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was published in 2008.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it, but it was directed by Alaska. Do you like Alaska?
He also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great football player. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's from Germany.
I don't think so, but I do know he won the Bravo Award.
Yes, he has a good record as a forward.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. Do you like his movies?
Rango is a western, starring Tom Hanks. Do you like westerns?
You're welcome.
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige has genre Thriller and Drama.
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also directed The Prestige.
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige and The Prestige.
You're welcome
L. Frank Baum wrote L. Frank Baum. Do you like his writings?
Yes, it is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Voyager is in the fantasy genre. Do you like Voyager?
Yes, she wrote it. She also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Christopher Nolan.
I'm not sure, but Kate Winslet was in The Holiday which is a Comedy-drama Film.
The Pillars of the Earth is a romantic comedy-drama film
i don't know much but if you like thriller movies you should check out Shark Night.
yes she starred in The Wedding Date.
WALLE was written by Markus Zusak and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, if you like Sci-Fi, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great movie.
Sure- it's a great movie! It stars Hugh Jackman and was released in 2012.
I'm not sure if it's a movie, but it's a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure if it's a Sci-Fi movie, but I can check it for you now.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, it's written by Sarah Dessen and also falls into the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Nick & Norah was also written by Sarah Dessen and it's a romance novel.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Do you like her books?
Yes, it is a children's book. Do you like children's literature?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
Yes, I have seen Ocean's Twelve. Ocean's Eleven starred Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi. Ocean's Elfi also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Matt Damon also stars in Ocean's Eleven.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Poland national team.
Yes, I do like football. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of SC Freiburg. Isn't he a good player?
I know he's a soccer player from Romeo and Juliet. Are you a fan?
Yes, he wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Do you like his work?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a fantasy novel.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Cursed Child, which is a great movie.
Sure, I can do that!
She wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a romance novel.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was released in 2014 and is about China Dolls. It was released in 2014 and is about Chinese Dolls.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime movie?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie and was released in 1999.
It's a good one. Reservoir Dogs stars Emma Stone. Do you like Emma Stone?
Flickan som lekte med elden is written by Stieg Larsson
Sure, Syeig Larsson also wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was released in 2006 and it was directed by Steig Larsson
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Michael Parks is a movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Wicked is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Ken Kesey also wrote The Book Thief and also The Book Thief.
You got it! Enjoy!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if Michael Jordan was in it, but he's a great actor.
I love Ghostbusters! My kids loved him in that movie. I'm sure they will love it!
Yes, he did. That was a great movie.
Yes, he starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Boy Next Door and Fast and Furious.
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he has written a lot of great novels. He also wrote A Woman Named Jackie and A Woman Named Jackie.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he was also in What Lies Beneath.
What Lies Beneath is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the New York Giants. Do you like football?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that Eli Manning is from New York.
I haven't seen Shark Night. Shark Night is a good one.
Yes, The Paris Wife is a fiction book written by Paula McLain. Do you like fiction books?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Paula McLain.
You're welcome!
Do you like that movie because it's a thriller?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
drama. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it is! The Fault in Our Stars is a Romantic comedy starring Matt Damon.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hotel Rwanda because it is a Thriller?
Yes, it was written by Mandela. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a war film.
Great, enjoy the movie!
She wrote Where You Are, Easy, and Where You Are. Have you read them?
Where You Are was released in 2011.
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Do you like his work?
Peter Cushing starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
He also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, and Top Secret. Would you like to know more?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by Roberto Orci.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
While You Were Sleeping is a recurring film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Richie Rich and Holes was the executive producer.
You're welcome!
Yaphet Kotto is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like his movies?
Yes, The Running Man is a crime film.
I haven't seen XXX, but Yaphet Kotto also starred in X-Men.
You're welcome
I know he's a professional basketball player from the United States. Do you like basketball?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Silence. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
She also wrote The Silence of the Lambs
It's a memoir memoir
You are welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Matrix, which is a drama.
Yes, he did. He also directed Escape from New York. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if Kurt Russell starred in that one, but I can tell you that Kurt Russell also starred in Escape from L.A..
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Magic.
I don't have any information on similar books but I can tell you that he was influenced by Byrne.
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a film.
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a drama film.
Sure! Your Friend the Rat stars Orlando Bloom and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure of any family friendly films, but I can recommend a couple of movies if you haven't seen it already.
I'm sure you will like it!
Still Alice is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tom Hanks?
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was good. Do you like that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think you'll like it.
Mark Haddon is a film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it was adapted into a film.
Yes he did and it was directed by Mark Haddon.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Here Comes the Boom is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama films?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Once Upon a Time in America is a movie similar to Once Upon a Time in America.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both historical dramas.
I'm not sure who starred in Nightcrawler, but I do know it was written by Thomas Harris and is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great tennis player. Do you like his movies?
It was released in 1999. Do you like Two Hands?
I'm not sure, but Heath Ledger also starred in Two Hands with Heath Ledger.
You're welcome
Yes, The Blind Side is a crime movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that actor?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that John Lee Hancock starred in The Blind Side.
Moneyball is a drama film directed by John Lee Hancock. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
City of Bones was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Then you might like City of Bones written by Cassandra Clare.
Sure, it was written by Frank Beddor and was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Cuaron.
Yes he did and also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome!
Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like Romance novels?
C.S. Lewis also wrote The History of Man and Mere Christianity. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome.
Paul McCartney wrote Yellow Submarine.
Yes, I am a Beatles fan. I like the Beatles.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in Liverpool. Is he a musician?
I do, he has a lot of songs in my playlist. My favorite is The Beatles.
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Do you like her work?
Wintergirls was released in 2011 and is a Speculative fiction.
Sure, I will send it to you now.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, she has won a Grammy for Best Rap Song. Do you like that?
Battleship is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It's a romantic comedy about a young man who lives in a deserted a deserted wilderness.
You're welcome!
Mockingjay is a young adult fiction written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide?
Yes, he did. It was released in 1999.
Yes, he starred in Little Altars Everywhere. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he was in the version of Elizabeth. It's a romance film.
She is a great actress! She also starred in Little Miss Sunshine, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I don't know a whole lot, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote A Walk to Remember: A Walk to Remember. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was made into a drama film. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a drama.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski and directed by Lana Wachowski.
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Mystic River was directed by David Ayer, who also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also directed The Mechanic.
I don't have that information, but Simon West directed The Expendables 2
You're welcome
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and Light Between Oceans.
2012 was the year that released The Invisible Man was released. Do you like that?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he directed The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote Maurier which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
My Cousin Rachel was influenced by Daphne du Maurier.
I don't have that information, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote My Cousin Rachel.
You're welcome.
I'm not a Packers fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a Packers fan?
i haven't been there. do you have a favorite stadium?
i think he is a good player. what do you think about him?
i think he is a good coach. do you like him?
no i didnt know that!
Yes, I am a big fan of his music. Did you know he's married to Gisele?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't have that information, but I do know he also starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits.
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in We Rode in Trucks?
I haven't. Is it the one with Clay Aiken? I haven't seen it yet.
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like.
I didn't know that! Is it a doll that came to life?
Do you like Rudy because it is a Thriller or because it stars Joseph Sikora?
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like The Watcher because it is a thriller?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Watcher.
No problem!
Me too! She's a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries. Do you like her work?
I don't know a lot, but I do know she was born in San Francisco. She was born in San Francisco, California.
You're welcome!
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and released in 2014.
Yes, she wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye.
The Bluest Eye genre is fiction
Toni Morrison also wrote The Bluest Eye
Enter's Game was written by Tony Morrison.
You are welcome
Do you like the movie Downfall because it's a crime movie?
Robert De Niro is in the movie. Do you like Biographies?
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed The Skulls. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Walt Disney Company, which is a great movie.
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton and was released in 2001.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like F. Scott Fitzgerald?
The Crucible is written by J.K. Rowling and is a Drama. Do you like Drama books?
Harald Kloser wrote "The Crucible" and "2012" and "2012"
You're welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Terminator and The Pillars of the Earth
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure, but it's a drama.
Sure! Playing for Keeps is done for you.
Yes, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1999.
Yes, he did star in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
He also directed American Pie. He also directed The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
No, I haven't seen that one. Is it a drama?
Alejandro Amenábar directed both Taken and Taken.
The Nightingale is a young adult fiction written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like young adult fiction?
I don't have any information on any of her works, but I can tell you that she wrote The Nightingale.
I don't have any more information on True Colors, but I can tell you it is a short story if you like.
Isn't he a tennis player?
He was in The Expendables 2 and he was in The Expendables 2. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Frank Beddor. Do you like his movies?
That's right. The Lorax and Cat in the Hat was released in 1957.
I am not sure, but The Sneetches and Other Stories has a genre Children's literature and was released in 1957.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a drama starring Melissa Benoist. Do you like dramas?
Yes, she did a great job in The Longest Ride.
Yes, Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, Faster is a good one as well as Faster.
You're welcome
I'm not a big fan of the Los Angeles Lakers, but I do know they are in the AFC West division. Do you like them?
I'm more of a Lakers fan myself. I'm a big fan of Lakers.
I agree! They have a good game!
She wrote рат и овести and рат и овести.
He wrote рат и овести and рат и арамаов.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Yes, it was written by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Washington Redskins. Do you like the Washington Redskins?
I don't really know much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know he's a good player.
I didn't know he was a sportsman of the year. What sport do you like?
Yes, she wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
She also wrote The Secret Life of Peter Rabbit. Have you read that one?
Great, enjoy!
The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Lennon. Did you know he starred in The Matrix?
Yes, it is. Do you like comedies?
I have heard of Reno 911. Did you know he also acted in The Matrix?
Little House on the Prairie is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Novels?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, I do. She is a great tennis player.
I didn't know she was in Hair Show but I did see her in the Hair Show.
I didn't know that. Yetunde Price starred in a match with Naomi Watts. Do you like her?
Yes, The Lost Symbol made the best seller list.
Yes, he starred in The Lost Symbol and also in The Hunted.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Dan Brown also produced The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
I'm not sure if it's similar to The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, I do. He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI?
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like X-Men 2?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he starred in Iron Man 2 and directed by Stan Lee. Do you like him?
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Tim Dolin also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey is an author who wrote The Infinite Sea. Do you like that book?
Sutton was written by Gareth Stedman Jones and was released in 1996.
You're welcome
No, I haven't seen it. Do you like The Millers because it's a comedy?
Thomas Lennon was also in The Ten, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Would you like to hear about other movies by Margaret Mitchell?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a Historical film.
The Untouchables is written by George R.R. Martin and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like any of his movies?
You're welcome!
Did you know it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
I don't know, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song.
I haven't read it, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a singer from Seoul.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a Speculative fiction book.
I don't have that information, but Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it's a comedy?
Its a comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by him.
It's a romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he was in Hook Ya Crook.
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Last Runaway. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he did write a autobiographies as well. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are coached by David Platt.
Yes, he wrote The Odyssey of Sherlock Holmes and The Odyssey of Sherlock Holmes.
Do you like the movie because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk, which is a Sci-Fi movie
Yes, he starred in The Incredible Hulk as well as The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome!
Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Johnson and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale's movies?
He is known for starring in We Bought a Zoo and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen either?
Sure, he directed The Lion King and The Witching Hour. Have you seen those?
He also directed The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in that movie as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
You're welcome!
Sure! Sharp Objects was written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2006. Are you interested in suspense or suspense?
I don't know, but Gone Girl is a suspense novel. Do you like suspense?
Yes, it was made into a movie.
What Do You Do was released in 2011.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Cold Blood is a drama and crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Transformers because it's a sci-fi movie?
It stars Robert De Niro and Michael Byrne. Do you like the actors?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was directed by Robert Zemeckis.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Official Iliad: The Complete Illuminated Movie Companion and New Moon.
Yes, it is a vampire series.
Yes, she also wrote the Twilight series, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller directed by Martin McDonagh
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Joseph Heller. Do you like his work?
Gap Creek is a young-adult fiction written by William Steig.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I haven't seen this movie, but I know it was written by Adam Sandler. Is it a romantic comedy?
Yes, she starred in that movie as well.
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Ice Harvest. Have you seen either?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Roberto Orci
The Situation is a Historical period drama
The 5th Wave is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2016 as well.
I like both Sci-Fi and Adventure films. Do you like those?
The Last Star is a mystery book. It was released in 2016 and is considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I'm not sure, but I do like her in Valentine's Day, which is a good movie.
Yeah, she was hilarious in Valentine's Day.
Yes I do! He's a great writer. He's been around a long time. Did you know he's in a relationship with Ryan Reynolds?
Yes, I have seen Wolverine. Did you know he was in X-Men: First Class?
Yes, he was in the movie Ted. Did you know he also starred in The Incredibles?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he's in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
I'm not a big fan of her music but I do like her in Valentine's Day.
Oh wow, that's a good one.
Do you like Star Wars, Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is a Sci-Fi?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2010
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2013
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a great actor. He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 2001.
Yes, it is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
You should check it out. It's a classic.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Water for Elephants which is a Historical film.
I do! I love her music. She's a very talented singer. Do you?
I don't know a whole lot, but I do like Sia and her music. She's a very talented singer.
Yea, he's also a composer and songwriter.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Peter and Paul has a genre of Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I'm not a big fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I do know they are in the AFC West division.
I don't think they will give it a run, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I do, he is a basketball player for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about the Nuggets. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What do you think?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's very good.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark was written by Shakespeare.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1926
Have a great day!
She's a tennis player from Constanta, Romania.
Yes, Venus and Serena Williams do as well. Do you like Venus?
Yes, she lost a couple of matches with Maria Sharapova.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but he was coached by the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2009.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1886.
Well, you might like The Chronicles of Narnia, which is a horror film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
There was a movie based on Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling.
He also directed The Casual Vacancy which is a great family film.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese.
You Can Win was released in 1998. It was written by Spencer Johnson.
You're welcome!
The Fountainhead is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Do you like the book because it was written by Nina Auerbach or because it was a thriller?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Girl Next Door is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He is a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in New York City.
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a novel. Under the Tuscan Sun is considered a novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes, he wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Roberto Orci?
I haven't seen it yet, I will check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
I haven't seen it yet, but I can check it for you if you like.
He also starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen that?
Michael Byrne also starred in Vampyres and Tomorrow Never Dies. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Beowolf. Have you read it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure, but it was written in English.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Pillars of the Earth.
It's a great action film starring Brian Thompson. It was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it also starred Tom Hanks.
He also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a great film.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths stars Sean Connolly. It was released in 2011.
Seven Psychopaths has a genre of Thriller. Seven Psychopaths has genre Psychopaths.
Yes, he's a great shooting guard for the New York Knicks. Do you like basketball?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Wilson Chandler was a great shooting guard. I think Willie Green was a great shooting guard.
Do you like the Wise Man's Fear because it is a Speculative fiction?
Sure, do you like Alien because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Jennifer Jason Leigh?
Yes, he is a great writer! He also wrote Alien 2 and a sequel called Alien 2.
He also wrote The Matrix Revolutions which is a horror film. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote The Rosie Project and it was released in 2013.
Yes, We Are Called to Rise was released in 2014. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote Le cosmicomiche, Le cosmicomiche, and Le cosmicomiche.
Olympus Has Fallen has a great cast such as Robert De Niro and Tom Everett.
He also produced Apocalypse Now which is a great movie.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a great Sci-Fi.
Yes, I do. He's a great singer.
Yeah, they both starred together. Did you know he also starred in The Incredibles?
I'm not sure if he's friends with Will Smith, but I do know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz.
Do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird was also written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, it was also written by her as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm a Yankees fan, but I don't really like the Yankees. I'm more of a baseball fan.
That's right, he also owns the New York Yankees.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that George Steinbrenner was influenced by George Steinbrenner who was influenced by George Steinbrenner
Oh wow, I didn't know that. I know Michael Jackson was influenced by George Steinbrenner.
Yeah, he is a very talented person.
Isn't she the athlete that plays badminton?
I don't know much about badminton, but I do know she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Saina Nehwal was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes I do. Last Sacrifice is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like comic books?
He has written The Amazing Spider-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure film starring Maggie Smith and Emma Watson
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote The Liars of the Earth which is a romance novel.
Sharp Objects is a fiction book.
I don't know a whole lot but Gone Girl is a fictional suspense book
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Great Dune Trilogy.
Ok, have you heard of Apocalypto? It's a Psychological Thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like Zoolander, it is a comedy with animals.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it's a fantasy movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louisa May Alcott. She also wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Do you like her work?
Sure! Serving Sara is a comedy-drama film directed by Christopher Nolan. It was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Water for Elephants written by Sara Gruen. Do you like Sara Gruen?
No, I haven't. Is it the book written by Sara Guen?
No, I haven't. Is it the book written by Sara Guen?
I'm sure you will like it.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
I don't know a whole lot but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion and Beautiful Oblivion. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino was the main actor.
John Travolta also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
She has been in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do you like self/less?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was in the movie Walk the Line
She was also in Walk the Line, which is a great movie.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a sports team. Do you like it?
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in The Matrix Revisited.
End of Watch was released in 2012.
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in it, along with Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, which is a great book.
The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, is a fantasy novel.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 1961.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
I'm not sure who the author is but she also wrote Avalon.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger directed The Jungle Book. Have you seen it?
What If If is a romantic comedy, also starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that genre?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read any of those?
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I do enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou?
Yes, he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Wedding Belles and The Wedding Belles. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, it was released in 1995.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was released in 2009.
I have not, but I know he was influenced by Ken Kesey. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, one Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film that was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was, along with Ken Kesey. Have you seen that one?
Leo dicaprio starred in Leo dicaprio. Are you interested in more movies starring Leo dicaprio?
Yes, he was in Leo & Leo & Juliet. He was also in Leo & Leo
Well, Leo & Juliet is similar to Leo.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he starred in The Incredibles and The Amazing Spider Man.
Yes, they both starred together in the movie, Conrad Veidt.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2003.
C.S. Lewis also wrote The Lightning Thief and The Lightning Thief.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp directed The Silence of the Lambs which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she was in that. She was also in Scream 4 which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I think she was in a movie called Call Me Maybe. Do you like her music?
I really liked Call Me Maybe. She's a very talented singer. Do you like her music?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a football player who plays for Manchester United F.C..
Javier Hernández is also a player on the Mexico National Football team.
I'm not sure where he is from.
Sure, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, there's Something About Mary with Bobby Farrelly, to name a few. He also directed There's Something About Mary, to name a few. Do you like comedies?
Me, Myself & Irene stars Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, and Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey?
You're welcome!
He's a basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Yeah, I do like the Bulls. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by John Green. It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote Number the Stars, which is a Historical novel.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in The Twitts and The Watchers.
He wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Have you read them?
Yes it is a fantasty. Do you like fantasies?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I can check it for you now.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson was written by John Green, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
He also wrote Paper Towns and Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Firm because it's a thriller?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1956.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Great, enjoy!
You are welcome.
Yes, she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that?
Yes, Robert Redford was in Sneakers. Do you like his movies?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight?
Scoop is Action/Adventure movies. Do you like Action movies?
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2004.
Yes 2008 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She is a great singer. Do you like her music?
I didn't, but I've heard that she's pretty good.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like her song Breathin.
Robin Williams starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, it is a comedy also starring Robin Williams. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. Do you like her?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
I'm not sure, but he also directed Fair Game. Do you like comedies?
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
It was written by Christopher Bigsby and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, you should check out The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It was written by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Bigsby and is considered a tragedy.
You're welcome
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know they are part of the National Basketball Association.
He plays the Midfielder. Do you like basketball?
Sure! Mary Harron directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
Mary is a drama film
You are welcome
It was released in 2008
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Orlando Bloom?
He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
He also directed The Matrix Revolutions, and Speed Racer.
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
I'm not sure who starred in Allegiant, but it was directed by Robert Schwentke.
It's a action movie. Do you like action movies?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Thriller.
I am not sure, but I do know it was written by Roland Emmerich and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a professional tennis player from London.
Andy Tennant starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a romantic comedy.
Fool's Gold is a drama film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, he did. He was also in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome!
He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Sure, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada and The Power of Thinking Without Thinking
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Didn't he star in the movie?
Taxi Driver was directed by Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also wrote Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome!
Luis Suarez is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Uruguay national team.
Yes, he did play for Liverpool F.C... Liverpool F.C. are you familiar with him?
Did you know he's from the United States?
The New England Patriots are a professional American football team based in New England.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was the sixth book in that series.
I'm not sure about that, but the whole whole series was actually made into a movie.
O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by William Shakespeare and starred in many films. Do you like his movies?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Ok, it was released in 2008 and is in English.
You're welcome!
Are you looking for other books written by Tennessee Williams?
That's a great one. Tenessed Williams wrote a lot of books. Would you like to hear about other books he wrote?
It's a great book. It was released in 1960. It's about a murder.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Sirens of Titan. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but Hayao Miyazaki starred in it.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a professional professional table tennis player from China.
I am not sure, but he went to the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was the year that the olympics.
I haven't seen much of their games this year. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
I do not really know much but I do know they were runner ups in the 2012 World Series
I do, I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not a big fan of soccer but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
Not really, I'm a soccer fan. I'm more of a American Football fan.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, it is a very good story for children. It was written by John Green.
Are you referring to Horse and His Boy?
You're welcome
I haven't seen her work but I know she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Susannah Grant wrote the screenplay.
I'm not sure if she did anything else, but I can recommend some other comedies if you like.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Odd THomas stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
If you like Odd Thomas, you should check out The Sorcerer's Apprentice. It's a great book.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but I can give you other recommendations if you like.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice has a genre of Romance and Speculative fiction.
Well, it was a film that was made into a film by Jane Austen, based on a book by Jane Austen.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Titanic because it's a Romantic movie?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book. Divergent was written by Veronica Roth.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor or The Looking Glass Wars.
She's a great actress! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
Yes, she starred in Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
Its a Romantic comedy. Do you like Romantic comedies?
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
I do! She starred in The Princess Diaries which is a great movie.
That's a great movie. It also stars Robert Duvall.
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, he directed The Woo, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Red Cliff is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen War films? They are both war films.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Darnell was in a relationship with Nicolas Cage.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Tempest. He also directed that one.
I'm not sure, but he did write The Worlds End, which is a science fiction film.
Shaun of the Dead is a movie starring Tom Hanks. Shaun of the Dead is a comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a great basketball player. He won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Seattle.
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks, do you like basketball?
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
C. S. Lewis also wrote The History of Bereavement, which was released in 1961.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a tennis player?
I don't know much about him, but I know he was born in London. Is he from London?
I didn't realize that, I didn't know that. Is he from London?
Wow, I didn't know that! Is that what you're thinking of?
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he is a journalist. Do you like his writings?
Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a great movie starring Vin Diesel.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in Fast and Furious.
I'm not sure he passed, but he was in Takers too.
Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like animated films?
I still Dream About You is written by Fannie Flagg and released in 1996.
I don't have any information on any other psychological thrillers, but I can tell you more about Fannie Flagg's work.
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 was written by Tony Tanner and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen that one, but I do know that it was written by John Lasseter and it was released in 2010.
Toy Story 3 was written by Charlize Theron and it was released in 1996.
Do you like Memento because it's a thriller?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a psychological thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses was written by Auel and is considered a Speculative fiction.
Yes, you're correct.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. The Battle of the Labyrinth was released in 2001.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero is a young-adult fiction.
I don't really know much about him. Is he a football player?
He's on the Germany national football team. He's on the Germany national football team.
I don't really know much about him. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, I am a huge football fan. Do you like football?
i don't really follow soccer so I don't really follow soccer so I don't really follow soccer so I don't really follow soccer so I don't really follow soccer.
That's a great movie. Remember the Titans!
Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the Pooh and Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes, she is most famous for her work on television.
You're welcome!
I do, National Treasure is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Roberto Orci?
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh also starred in The Wedding Singer?
Yes I can. It is on your playlist.
You're welcome
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it's a Speculative fiction?
Its a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It's a Historical fiction novel. It was released in 1999 and is about a murder.
She's an actress who has starred in such films as The Swan Thieves and The Catalyst.
I'm not a football fan, but I do know that it was in London. Do you like football?
Yes, they are part of a league. Do you like football?
I'm not sure if they do, but they are also in the Premier League, London.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote The Odyssey of Peter Rabbit. Have you read that?
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, he did write that one as well as The Hero of Ages.
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
It's a thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in Zodiac. It's a Crime Thriller.
If you like crime Thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, X-Men 2 stars Leonardo DiCaprio and X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by David Koepp. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Sure! Terry Gilliam directed The Devil Wears Prada. Do you like his movies?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a fantasy adventure film directed by Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
You're welcome
Have a great day
The Lucky One was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Have you read The Wedding Planner? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, The Wedding was released in 2012 and is a romance novel.
Yes, Zane Grey wrote The Wedding and The Guardian.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
The Art of Cooking was written by Ann Patchett and released in 1999. It's a great book.
Great, enjoy the movies!
Do you like The Clan of the Cave Bear because it is a thriller?
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It's a Historical novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i answer for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know it was released in 1996.
She also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Do those sound interesting?
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. Would you like to read other books by her?
Sure, The Scar is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a mystery novel.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Theory of Everything.
Yes, he also directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
Sure, The King and Man on Wire is a drama film directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is a movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Ronny Cox also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens. Do you like Monsters?
Ronny Cox was in The Car and The Beast Within.
You are welcome.
Do you like the book because it was written by Nina Auerbach or because it was written by Nina Auerbach?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
Brave is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Up is a great movie with the kids. Another good Pixar movie is A Bug's Life.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player from Brazil?
Yes, he is a Brazilian football player from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, and he is a very talented player
Yes, I do. He's a great singer, songwriter and director. Do you like his music?
Yes, you might like The Shadows. It's a drama and crime story.
It's a drama and a crime story. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, I will add that now.
Is he a cricket player?
I don't know much about it, but I know he was born in Mumbai.
I'm not sure if they play at Wankhede Stadium. Do you have a favorite team?
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, it was. If you give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
I am not sure, but If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon Elkeles is a tennis player. Do you like him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Simone Elkeles wrote a lot of books in English. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. Do you like his movies?
Harold Ramis is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Yes, Steve Jobs was written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know a whole lot, but he was influenced by Steve Jobs. He also wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine.
Sure, Sever and Fever was written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2011. It is also a science fiction novel.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, True Believe was written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 2001.
Nicholas Sparks wrote True Believer and it was released in 2012.
It's considered a film and a biography.
No problem!
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a great team. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know much about the Dallas Cheerleaders, but Jason Garett was born in Philadelphia.
Yes, the owners of the Cowboys wanted to make such an art collection.
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer who starred in Jumbo.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. He was born in Mumbai. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen horror films, but I can check it for you if you like.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read other books by Harper Lee?
Yes, both are written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
Isn't she the athlete that plays badminton?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi, but I know he was born in Mumbai.
I have heard of Venus and Serena Williams, but I don't really know much about Serena Williams.
I know he is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but I know she's a singer/songwriter.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he was influenced by Adam Levine.
Kick Ass was a great movie. Did you like it because it was a Thriller?
Kick ass is a crime drama.
Kick-Ass was directed by Nicolas Cage.
Yes, Nicolas Cage starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a comedy film.
Both are action and drama films.
He was in The Sorcer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great artist! He's a great artist!
Yes, he is a very talented singer. I like his music.
I'm not sure, but I know he won the Padma Shri Award.
Do you like Inside Man because it's a thriller?
She's a great actress! She also starred in The Manchurian Candidate, which is a thriller.
Well, it's a thriller, starring Angelina Jolie. It's a great movie.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Joel Coen. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like Liam Neeson or it's genre?
It's a historical drama. Do you like historical dramas?
You're welcome!
Do you like the great gatsby because it's a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, if you like Fiction, you might also like A Bug's Life.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like children's literature?
Sure, she wrote La sombra del viento, La sombra del viento, El palacio del viento, El palacio del viento, El palacio del viento, El palacio del patriarca.
I don't have that information, but Lucia Graves wrote it. It was released in 2002.
I am not sure, but I can add it to your reading list.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I know she was in the movie The Muppets. Do you like her?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you she is a very talented singer.
I don't know, but I do know she starred in the Muppets
No I don't have that information but I can tell you she is married to Gisele
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in San Francisco.
Did you know he was born in Baltimore?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, you might like Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely are also Young-Adult Fiction books.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
I don't know any other books in the Young Adult Fiction genre, but Ansel Elgort is also a Young-Adult Fiction.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Lois Lowry wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a speculative fiction.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
Have you read The Crucible? It's a great read.
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's a Romantic comedy?
I don't know a whole lot, but I can tell you that he wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
It's a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth.
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you if you like horror.
Yes, she is a great actress! She starred in A View to Kill, which is a great movie.
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
I'm a big fan of her music. Do you have a favorite song by her?
I'm not sure, but it's pretty catchy. I'm a big fan of her music.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 2003 and The First Man in Rome was released in 2003.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alison Doody starred in Alison Doody. She also starred in A View to Kill. Have you seen that?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 2004
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Tom Hanks
You're welcome
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Maurier and Maurier. Would you like to hear more?
Rebecca was released in 1946.
Yes, she was.
Yes, he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, The Muse is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I do! It's a crime fiction that you might enjoy.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies with Despicable Me 2 because it is a thriller?
Yes, he starred in that movie. Steve Carell also starred in The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Into the Wild. Do you like his books?
She wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Do you like The Terminator because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Yes, the Patriots lost to the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I've seen the wife, Gisele, on TV sometimes.
John Lennon wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is one of his works
John Lennon also wrote The Yellow Submarine. Do you like his music?
Sure, Ant Man was written by Stan Lee. He also directed Ant-Man.
Be Cool and Bad Boys 2 are comedies written by Stan Lee.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by James Dashner and was released in 2012. Do you like James Cameron?
Pearl Harbor was also a movie starring Natalie Portman.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
There is a sequel.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know he's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure, but I know he was in it as well. Do you like him?
I have seen Space Jam. Space Jam was a great movie.
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks a Biography. Do you like Biography?
You're welcome!
I know they are in the National Football League and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
The Packer is a football team. Do you like football?
I'm a Packers fan, but I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
The Apostle is a Romance and a Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a snowboarder and a snowboarder. Do you like snowboarding?
I am not sure if he used those, but I do know he was influenced by Hugh Jackman.
I don't know if he was in anything else, but he is also a producer and a producer.
Total Recall is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote The Matrix Revolutions, which is a science fiction film.
Robert De Niro is in that movie. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, Drew Brees is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I have seen Wildcats and Goldie Hawn. Do you like his movies?
Yes I do. Last Sacrifice is a young-adult fiction written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes it is
I don't know a whole lot but if you like Vampire Academy, you should check out Vampire Academy.
You're welcome
Sure, Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like it because it is a Speculative fiction?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Do you like the very hungry caterpillar because it's a thriller?
Yes, he wrote a lot of children's literature. He was also influenced by William H. Macy and William H. Macy
Another great children's book is A Bug's Life. Have you read that one?
I don't know if there are any other books by him, but he was influenced by William Steig.
I don't know if he wrote any other books but I can find some for you.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love.
I'm not sure, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Jackie Burroughs.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much but I do know that he won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't have that information, but I do know he plays for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, she starred in The Swan Thieves and The Swan Thieves.
The Historian is a horror book that was released in 2005.
Yes she wrote The Historian and The Historian. Have you read them?
You are welcome.
Have you read Little Lord Fauntleroy? It's a great story.
Yes, Winnie the Pooh was also written by John Updike. It's children's literature.
Yes, it is.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about them, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not sure, but I do know he's a pretty good player.
I don't really know much about the Greek Freaks, but I do know he's a great player.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did and Wonder Boys was released in 2001.
Yes, Linkin Park is together. Do you like them?
Do you like The Road because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Have you read Apocalyptic? It's part of the series.
Way Station was written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he does write science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Terminal because it stars Tom Hanks?
Have you seen That Thing You Do? It's a great Drama.
Yes, The Green Mile is a Drama/Drama.
You're welcome!
She's a great actress. She starred in a few movies. She's also in a few movies. She's been around a while. She's been around a long time.
I have heard of her on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I haven't seen that show, but I do enjoy satire shows.
Yes, it's a satire show.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Isn't she the athlete that plays for the Brazil national football team?
I know he's a football player and plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I didn't know she was a woman.
I think she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
I'm a big fan of Adele. I like her song Getting Rich.
Yeah, I like Yellow Submarine, but I don't like Yellow Submarine.
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Beatrice Sparks.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury was influenced by Ray Bradbury. Are you a fan of his? Ray Bradbury was born in New York.
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it's also part of the Wizard's First Rule series.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Freakonomics is starring Seth Gordon. Do you like his movies?
He plays soccer, but I don't know much about him. He is a midfielder.
Yes, he is a very famous soccer player from Portugal.
Yes, she is. She was born in Victoria in Victoria.
Total Recall is a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
Robert De Niro is playing with him. Do you like him?
Ella Enchanted is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Ella Enchanted is written by Quentin Tarantino.
Ella Enchanted is written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Yes, Irwin Kershner starred in The Last Temptation of Christ. Have you seen that?
The Return of a Man Called Horse was written by J.K. Rowling and was released in 1996.
He was also in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Mark Overstall wrote Madame Bovary which was released in 1929.
Madame Bovary was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1856.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was
No, I haven't seen that one. Is it a comedy?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad.
Yes, The Portable Atheist was written by Paul Theroux and he also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it is.
He wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up was released 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up.
It was written in English and was released in 1904.
No problem!
Emily Bront wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Well, it's genre is Gothic fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
Sure, I can do that for you.
He wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
He also wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
It's genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Spirit Bound is considered a utopian utopian utopian fantasy.
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I am a tennis fan. Do you like Venus Williams?
I haven't seen the rough streets of Compton, but I haven't been there yet.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Nashville. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know he's married to Gisele.
I'm not sure, I don't know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
Are you interested in other books written by J.K. Rowling?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard
You are welcome
Yes, it was turned into a movie. Did you like The Help because it was a thriller?
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Novel and the Academy Award for Best Novel and the Academy Award.
Viola Davis also starred in a movie called The Help. Have you seen it?
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Maze Runner and The Siege.
Yes, he did direct the musicals. State Fair is a great one.
Yes, he's a great actor! He also starred in The Subterraneans which is a great musical.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Pat Conroy because he wrote Pat Conroy, or because it's a thriller?
Yes, he is. He was born in London.
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Secret Life of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
It's a suspense novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens.
He also starred in Aliens, which is a horror film.
I don't have that information, but Weird Science also starred Tombstone. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and When Bad Things Happen to Good People.
She writes romance and crime fiction novels as well as romance novels. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Unleashed and The Dark Knight Rises.
He also directed The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book.
Total Recall was released in 2011 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen Snow White and the Huntsman? It's a great one.
Undertow is a romantic comedy starring Kristen Stewart and was released in 2011.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Joel Coen who also starred in Snow White.
I'm sure you will like it.
The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars, it is also in the fantasy genre.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. That's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Matrix Revisited. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know, but Prometheus starred in Prometheus, which is a comedy.
Sean Harris was also in Prometheus, which is a comedy.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like them?
Oh wow, I didn't know that! Is that a baseball team?
I'm a big fan of the Oakland A's. Who's your favorite team?
Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington are in the Equalizer movies.
Yes, she was in The Pillars of the Earth which is a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2006.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Ma Long is a professional professional golfer from China.
Yes, he is from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, and also Zhang Ziyi. Do you like Chinese movies?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to read it?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a Historical novel.
No problem!
Do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a romance novel?
Pride and Prejudice is one of her most popular novels.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Hunt for Red October was written by John Green. He also wrote Toy Story.
The genre for The Hunt for Red October was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. what else can i answer?
Yes, he was in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in The Incredible Hulk?
Yes, he was. Luke Wilson also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I hope you enjoy it!
She sings a lot of hip hop. I like her music a lot. Did you know she was influenced by Madonna?
I don't know much about her but I know she was married to Kevin Federline when she was a kid.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
Do you like The Terminal because it is a Thriller?
It was written by Lisa gardner and released in 2012. Do you like The Terminal?
Yes, The Terminal was funny. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but The Great Escape was released in 2008.
The Towering Inferno stars Robert De Niro and it's a horror film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or the genre?
The author is J.R.R.R. Tolkien
The Picture of Dorian Gray is a picture book.
Do you like Monty Python because it's a comedy?
It was made in 1937. Do you like that book?
It was written by Scott O'Brien
Yes, he was also in the Adventure genre.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is a great movie.
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Barcelona team. Do you like college?
I agree. Louis van Gaal is a great coach.
Yes, he is the lead. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was great in The Fugitive. Sela Ward also starred in The Fugitive.
Yes, I will do that.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower
The Perks of Being a Walflower stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Yes, Emma Watson starred in that movie.
Yes, he did direct The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Andres Iniesta is a football player from Spain. Do you like football?
I don't know much about the Dodgers, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Yes, they are a goof team. Do you like the San Francisco 49ers?
I'm not sure, but I heard they were runner ups in the 2010 World Series.
I'm not a big fan of the world series. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like The Devil Wears Prada because it's a romantic comedy?
Aline Brosh also wrote Aline Brosh, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like his movies?
The Legend of Zorro stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Yes, he directed The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen that?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, it is in Black-and-White.
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not really a tennis fan but I do enjoy watching it.
Jonathan Dayton was a producer of the movie Little Miss Sunshine. Do you like his acting?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
I do not have that information but Jonathan Dayton also directed it.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Her current ranking is No. 1 in the WTA tour now.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure! He wrote The Walking Dead and The Walking Dead. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, he also wrote a few other books such as The Mists of Avalon and The Devil Wears Prada.
You're welcome!
Ella Enchanted is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I don't know, but Gail Carson Levine also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre, have you read that one?
Yes, it is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy novels?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. They're in the AFC West division right?
Yes he did coach the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, he was drafted by the Denver Broncos.
Isn't he a football player? I don't know much about him.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Yeah, he has strong players like Sergio and Antonio Banderas.
Do you like it because it's written by Jeff Kinney?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It stars Christian Bale and was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Well, she wrote Divergent. Would you like to hear about other books she wrote?
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Allegiant.
PS, I Love You was written by Meg Cabot. It was released in 1994.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read it?
It is a fiction novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
The Golden Compass was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he was. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Yvonne Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You're welcome!
I do! She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in New York?
I like Shakira more tho. She's a very talented singer. She's also a composer and songwriter.
That's right. Did you know he was born in San Francisco?
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. Have you read any of his books?
I am not sure, but I do know it was written by David Ayer. Do you like Science Fiction?
Isn't she a tennis player?
I haven't really watched tennis but I do know that she has a sister named Serena Williams
I agree. Did you know that Serena lost to Venus?
I'm not a fan of the New York Knicks, but I do like their coach, Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Oh yea he was a midfielder too
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard he was in it as well.
Isn't he a football player?
Not really, I watch it from time to time. Do you like football?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He wrote The Prince of Tides, The Prince of Tides, and The Prince of Tides.
The Water is Wide is a fiction book
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Great, hope you enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like The Battle of the Labyrinth because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan. It is also a Speculative fiction.
It is a horror book. Do you like horror books?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. It's also a great movie.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West is a Classic Spaghetti Western. It's a great action film.
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Romantic comedies?
Well, if you like drama, you might like The Fault in Our Stars, which is also in the Drama genre.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and was released in 1996.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was released in 2011. It's a great thriller.
Do you like The Revenant because it stars Tom Hardy?
Yes, he is a composer and lyricist. do you like his work?
Yes, he is a DJ. Do you like him?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't really know much about him.
I like tennis. I'm more of a tennis fan. What about you?
I'm not a big tennis fan but I do know he's from Belarus.
Sylvia Day wrote The New York Trilogy and The New York Trilogy.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2011
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys. Do you like him?
She sings a lot of pop and pop music. Do you like any of those genres?
I am not a big fan but I do like Taylor Swift. Do you like him?
I do like Sia Furler, but I don't really know a lot of her songs. I like Sia, Shakira, and Shakira.
I don't really know much about her. I'm a big fan of her music. Do you like any of her songs?
Yes, Virat Kohli is a cricket player from India. Do you like it?
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he is a professional boxer.
Yeah, he was in Remember the Titans.
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Yes, Bill Paxton has starred in a lot of science fiction movies. Would you like to hear about Bill Paxton?
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you like Field of Dreams because it is a science fiction?
1989 was the year it was released.
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy?
Have you seen The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey? It's a great fantasy movie.
It's a great movie. It stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was in that one as well. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also wrote The Wedding Crashers
I'm not sure if she has acted in drama films, but I can tell you more about Emma Kinsella.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player from Chennai. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's from Chennai. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a big fan of cricket, but I've heard he's a good player.
Sure! Sharp Objects was written by Gillian Flynn and was released in 2006. Do you like suspense genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2014. It's a great read.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her?
They are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like them?
I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. They're in the AFC West division right?
I haven't. I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
I'm a Packers fan myself. Do you like the Packers?
I'm not sure, but I've heard they're a good team.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Louis Sachar also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People which are both very popular.
Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Phil Mickelson is a top golfer! He won the 2010 PGA Championship.
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but Phil Mickelson is a former world No 1 in singles.
I didn't see it, but I did see it. It's lighter.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man, and The War of the Worlds.
The Time Machine was released in 2010.
No I haven't seen it yet. Is it a Sci-Fi movie?
You're welcome!
A Space Odyssey is a sci-fi movie starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
I don't really know much about him, but I do know he's a great shooting guard.
Willie Green is a great shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm sure there will be a game next next year.
I'm not a baseball fan, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like the Yankees?
I'm not a huge baseball fan, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know much about the baseball team, but I do know that the team is owned by George Steinbrenner.
Psycho is a psychological thriller written by David Ayer. Do you like psychological thrillers?
i don't know much about the movie but Joseph Stefano was a slasher. do you like him?
he hasn't been around a long time. He's been around a long time.
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yeah, he's a pretty good businessperson.
I'm sure he helps with them both!
Do you like Rocky because it's a Thriller?
He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Creed is a comedy-drama film that was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
The Great Train Robbery has genre Thriller and was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was in The Incredibles. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he also starred in The Good Doctor
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and was released in 2010.
I am not sure, but Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, you should check out Wicked Lovely. It's a satire.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
Yes, he directed The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Do you like his work?
It's a drama. Do you like Omar Sy's acting?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Eric Stoltz starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
That's a great movie! Rosanna Arquett also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like her?
Yes, it was a drama and also a drama.
That's a great one. Did you know he was born in New York?
I'm not a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I don't have that information, but he was coached by Jerry Jones.
I don't have that information, but he was coached by Jerry Jones.
Irwin Kershner directed The Last Temptation of Christ.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a Sci-Fi starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Sean Connery was in Never Say Never Again.
Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn. Do you like mysteries?
Gone Girl is also written by Gone Girl and Gone Girl. Have you read it?
Gone Girl and What Do You Do is also written by Gillian Flynn.
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes, I do like science fiction. I think you will like it.
Great, have a great day!
He is a cricket player from Chennai. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's from India.
I don't really follow cricket, but I do know that Virat Kohli is from India.
I haven't, but I've heard it's a good sport. Do you like it?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
You too!
Yes, they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Looper is a comedy and a drama. Do you like comedies?
Have you seen Warlock? It's a thriller starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, it's a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
If you like that, you might want to check out Zombieland if you like.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Have you heard of The Great Gatsby? It's a Historical novel.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure when they came out, but Im West West nichts Neues was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Isn't she a tennis player?
She plays tennis, but I don't really know much about her. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about the Williams sisters, but I do know that she is a tennis player from Belgium.
I did not know that. I'm a tennis fan myself.
I'm a huge fan of fashion. Is it your favorite?
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Tennessee Williams
I dont have that information but I can tell you he wrote a lot of movies.
You're welcome
Do you like In the Woods because it's a Thriller?
I dont know a whole lot but I can tell you it was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome
I know he's a musician, a musician and a musician. He was born in Sao Paulo. Do you like his music?
He has been involved with a lot of films such as The Incredibles and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can check it for you if you like.
Yes, he also starred in Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome
I don't really know much but I do know they are in the National Football League.
The New England Patriots are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you like them?
I'm a Packers fan myself. Do you have a favorite team?
He has been in a lot of films. He's been in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Are you interested in his films?
I am not sure, but Andrew Garfield also starred in The Social Network.
Social Network is a Social Network.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2004.
2010 is the year that released The Social Network.
2010 is a drama film written by Andrew Garfield.
You as well!
Sure, Ang Lee directed The Ice Storm, The Ice Storm, and The Ice Storm.
Yes, Joan Allen starred in that movie. He also wrote The Ice Storm.
He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a romantic comedy.
Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like Throne of Glass because it was a thriller?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Milk and Honey was written by Sarah J Maas.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
No, I haven't. Is that a book you've read?
Isn't she a professional badminton player? I don't know much about her.
I'm not sure, but I know she was born in Mumbai.
I'm not sure where the Commonwealth Games played, but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
Sure! Do you like Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking because it's a Speculative fiction book?
Martin McDonagh is a great director. He directed The Road to El Dorado. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was a scientist. Do you like scientist?
He did! He was influenced by Martin McDonagh. He was influenced by Martin McDonagh.
Yes, Robin Williams starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson. Do you like that actor?
Sure, I will do that right away!
Homer wrote The Simpsons, which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Iliad and the Odyssey was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Beowulf was written in English and is considered a classic.
I don't really like football, but I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
That's right. I don't know much about football, but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they have a good season.
The Proposal stars Nicole Kidman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal and also in The Proposal.
Well if you like Oceans, The Blind Side, he also starred in The Proposal which is a romantic comedy.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears. Do those sound interesting?
Yes it is. It was released in 2011.
Yes it was written by him and released in 2010.
The New York Knicks are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Mike Woodson is the owner of the New York Knicks.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're part of the NFC South division
No problem
Yes, it was written by Martin Scorsese and stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Colin Farrell starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like him?
I recommend Seven Psychopaths. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a pretty good team. They are in the NFC West division.
John Fox is a member of the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel?
I do as well. Do you like Shark Night? It is a good Triller.
Michael Irby was also in Matt Schulza. Do you like his movies?
I'll add that now.
Do you like dystopian movies?
Yes, it is based on the book. Divergent is based on the book.
Great, I will add it to your library now.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yeah, he's from Dallas. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
Yes, it is. Do you like Major Leagues?
Yes, I am a huge fan of hers. She was born in Guadalajara. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I know she's also a poet and a teacher.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2001.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
He wrote она и мир and н.
I know he is a football player and plays for the France national team. Do you like football?
This is the End is a romantic comedy starring James Franco. It was released in 2011.
This is the End is a comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Spain national football team?
I don't really know much about him but I do know he's a midfielder for the Chile national football team. Do you like him?
I have seen that one. It's a great movie. Do you like football?
Do you like Doctor Zhivago because it's a comedy?
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes he did and it was released in 2002.
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan as well as The Throne of Fire
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Genie Juliet. it is a romance novel
She is an American author born in New York, New York.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Sure! He wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Martian Chronicles, and The Iliad. Have you read any of those?
I am not sure, but Ray Bradbury also wrote Fahrenheit 451. Have you read Fahrenheit 451?
Yes, The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1996
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder on the Chile national football team?
Yes, he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
That's a good one. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups, he's a great actor.
Yes, she was in Frida.
Sure, he wrote The Morton Chronicles, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
What Lies Beneath was also a Thriller and was released in 2011. Do you like Thrillers?
Total Recall is a good action movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Isn't she a professional badminton player?
I am not sure, but I know Saina Nehwal was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he is from Hisar. Do you like him?
Thor stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thor because it is a Thriller?
I haven't seen that one, but I can check it for you if you like.
He starred in The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
Have you seen The Incredible Hulk? It is a great adventure movie.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but Eric Brees wrote and directed The Killing, which is a thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film directed by Eric Brees and directed by Eric Brees. It was released in 2002.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Bodyguard and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, October Sky is a Thriller starring William Lee Scott and was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Yes, she has overcome so many things. Did you know she was born in Peoria?
Pauly Shore is Dead also starred Robert De Niro, Pauly Shore is Dead.
She is a very talented actress.
Frank Miller directed The Prestige. Do you like his movies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it was a great movie starring Denzel Washington. It was released in 2014.
I'm not sure who starred in 300, but I can tell you that it was directed by Frank Miller.
Yes, I do! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a good film. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 because is a thriller?
Robert De Niro starred in it. Do you like him?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, it was adapted into a film.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but she also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones: City of Bones and City of Ashes.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible Rogue Nation, Rogue Nation. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder. Do you like his movies?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
I'm not a Packers fan but I do know that they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Do you like My Sister's Keeper because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Have you read Where There's Smoke? It's a great book.
No, I haven't read that one. I'm more of a Crime Fiction fan.
I do, he's a midfielder for the Germany national team.
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do like to watch soccer. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a big fan of football, but I do like to watch football.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read them?
The Sweet Far Thing is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, you might like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera is a soccer player with FC Bayern Munich. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Milan Kundera is a Polish professional poet from Poland.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Drew Brees is also a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a professional golfer from Honolulu.
I don't know much about her but I do know she is from Honolulu.
That's right. U.S. Women's Open was held in 2005.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do, he's a pretty good singer. Do you like him?
I didn't know he was in that movie. I think he's a good actor. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he's married now.
Do you like Monsters Inc because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen the sequels like Monsters Inc?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? That's a great one.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either?
It's a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by Oz. Do you like Oz because it is a Speculative fiction?
No, I haven't read that one. What genre do you like?
I'm sure you will like it!
Isn't he the tennis player for the Spain national tennis team?
I'm more of a tennis fan myself. What about you?
I don't think so, but I've heard Marat Safin won the PGA Championship twice.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1901.
Cool! Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1892.
Philip Pullman was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you interested in his work?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor or The Looking Glass Wars?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like it?
I am not sure but it was released in 2011.
It's a great book. It was written by Veronica Roth and released in 2011.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. She's a very talented singer. She's a very talented singer.
She sings a thousand years and also sings a thousand years. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I do know she's a singer and a dancer.
Thor starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thor because it is a comedy?
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote The Tenth Circle and The Tenth Circle. Have you read either of those?
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke, which was released in 2011.
It is a Fictional novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes I do. Premier League is a great sport starring Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
I'm not a big fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do like the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like them?
I'm not a big football fan but I do know that Jake Allen coached the Redskins. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's from the Cleveland Browns.
Peter Weir directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did, and he also directed it as well.
I do! She's a great actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Yes, Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative Fiction.
Yes, the book is categorized as speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Charlotte's Web. She is a writer and a screenwriter.
Yes, it was a play based on a book written by Rosemary Wells.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Do you like Bradly Cooper?
Yes he was in The Looking Glass Wars, which is a comedy.
Submarine has a genre of drama, comedy, and a little bit of drama.
Yes, he was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams.
Douglas Adams wrote The Road to Little Dribbling and The Road to Little Dribbling.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is written by Douglas Adams and was released in 1996.
The Long Dark Tea-the-Shape of the Soul is a novel written by Douglas Adams.
You're welcome!
They are a great kpop band. Do you like them?
They are similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Do you like Nsync?
Yes, I do. They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do know they are in the AFC West division.
Yes, he was a linebacker in the 90's.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Do you like TRON because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might like World War Z. It's a science fiction action film.
You're welcome.
L A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
L.A. Confidential is a comedy starring Matt McCoy. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Taxi Driver. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix?
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That is correct. Denzel washington starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama. Do you like Denzel washington?
You're welcome!
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
Rufus Sewell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that?
She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that?
The Pianist is a biographical film
You are welcome
Yes, I am a tennis fan. Do you like tennis?
I did not. Isn't Serena the one who starred in Hair Show?
That's a good one. American Gangster and Smokin' Aces is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Serena is a tennis player.
Yes, he directed The Killing. It was written by Neil Burger.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Then you might like Paper Towns. It's a great Thriller.
I'm not sure who wrote it but Channing Vermeier wrote it.
Sure! Enjoy!
Do you like Silence because it is written by Natalie Portman?
Broken Silence was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pandemonium because it is a speculative fiction book?
Have you read The Conjuring? It's part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. I love her music. Did you know she was in a relationship with Madonna?
Yeah, it's a very good relationship with Madonna. Did you know she was born in London?
Yes, he was with Madonna in Sex and the City.
Yes she was in that movie. Did you know she also starred in Sex and the City?
That's a great musical. Isn't that a musical you like?
Yes, it was written by David Koepp. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People, which was released in 2012.
Yes, James Patterson wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
Nothing from Agatha Christie is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, he starred in that movie as well. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed a lot of great films such as The Fountainhead and The Fountainhead.
It stars Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood and it is a comedy
Requiem of a Dreams starred Robert De Niro and it was produced by Darren Aronofsky
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in Apocalypse Now. He also starred in Apocalypse Now.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like these genres?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Date Night has a genre of Thriller.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a patriots fan, but I do like the Patriots. Do you like the Patriots?
Yeah, he's a great coach. Did you know he's from New York?
Mad Max is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, he was also in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was born in Los Angeles and is a tennis player from the United States.
Nicky Katt has a genre of Thriller and was released in 2010.
You are welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2004.
We Were Liars was released in 2014 and also was released that year.
You're welcome!
Do you like Seven Pounds because it's a Thriller?
Sure! Do you like the book because it's a thriller?
That's correct. Unknown is also a film. Do you like that genre?
Yeah, it's a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Will do! Enjoy!
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, he's on the Wales national football team.
I didn't know that. Is he from Wales?
Yes, she is a composer and lyricist. do you like her?
I love her music. She's a very talented singer. I really like her music.
I'm sorry, I don't have much information on her music. Is she a singer?
I have not read Misery. Did you know it was written by Ann Patchett?
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it was written by Anthony Heald. It's a good one.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player from Chicago. Do you like her?
Where we belong was released in 2012.
Yes, it is a great movie. It also stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Kazuo Ishiguro also wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
Zoe's Tale is a Zoe's Tale.
You are welcome!
He is a soccer player from Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren and The Prince and the Frog. Have you read either?
The Selection was written by Kiera Cass. It was released in 2011. It's about a regaining his life. Do you like his work?
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi?
If you like Action movies, you might like The Hunger Games, which is a Action movie.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
I didn't see that one, but I can check it for you now.
Yes, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like Gillian Flynn?
She also wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues."
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino. It was released in 2004.
It is a Fiction/Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other self help books.
I don't think so, but Malcolm Gladwell also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a self-help book.
You're welcome!
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good action film
I am sorry I do not have information on that
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus.
Yes, he did direct Amadeus. He also directed Amadeus.
Sure, adding now. Enjoy!
C.S. Lewis wrote the book and released it in 1953. Do you like it?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by C.S Lewis and was released in 1937.
The Silver Chair was written by C.S Lewis and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good athlete. He was born in Mumbai.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I don't really know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I haven't. Is he a good player?
I love his music. I really like his song When You Reach Me. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he starred in the movie Born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Do you like his music?
Yes, he has been in a lot of music movies. One of them is Born and raised in Los Angeles. Do you like his music?
A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey. Do you like James Frey?
He also wrote A Million Little Pieces. He also wrote A Million Little Pieces.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Do you like Michael Crichton because he wrote a lot of thrillers?
he wrote tv and tv tv
Its a fiction book
You are welcome
Isn't he a German football player?
I'm a big football fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of basketball, but I do enjoy watching the Titans.
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote Wreck-It Ralph.
Ken Kesey wrote "Go Further" with a cast including Woody Harrelson.
Sometimes a Great Notion is written by Ken Kesey. It was released in 1996.
Sure, I can. I hope you enjoy!
Paulo Coelho was influenced by Martin Scorsese and Martin Scorsese.
I don't have any information on what else he wrote, but he was influenced by Martin Scorsese.
It's an autobiography.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great football player. He's married to Gisele.
I'm not sure, but G.O.T is a great movie.
Eva Mendes also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and the TV show Stuck on You
American Sniper is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war films?
Bradley Cooper is one of the most popular in the world. He also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Step Brothers is a great film. Do you like it?
Ok. The funny side is a comedy starring Robert De Niro.
It's a comedy starring John C. O'Brien. It was released in 1999.
It is a comedy starring Adam Carolla.
You're welcome!
Yes! Toy Story 2 stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but Tom Hanks starred in Toy Story 2 and also in The Princess Diaries.
Yes, he has produced some comedies, such as Toy Story and Toy Story.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it is a comedy, but it is a comedy.
You as well!
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen the Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace? Liam Neeson starred in that as well.
The Lord of the Rings is produced by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome!
I'm not a big fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
That's right. They have a good coaching history like the New England Patriots and the Patriots.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I'm not a baseball fan, but I do know that they are in the World Series. Do you like them?
Yes, he was from Monmouth Beach.
I'm not much of a fan of New Jersey, but I do like Wayne and Verona. He was born in New York.
I didn't see that one, but I'll have to check it for you now.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he wrote them both.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Great movie is starring Veronica Roth and was released in 2011. Do you like Divergent movies?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a fantasy movie?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Stephen D. Levitt starred in Goonies.
I'm not a huge fan of her music, but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
I'm not sure, I don't really know much about Nicki Minaj. Is he a singer?
Yes, she does a pop song and a pop song.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do like fiction. Did you know Unaccustomed Earth is also a film?
I do like thrillers. I also like Shark Night, which is a thriller.
Dr Seuss wrote The Strange Case of Dr Seuss. Do you like his work?
Yes, Theodore is a cartoon movie
I don't have that information
The Lorax is a great book. Have you read it?
Will do
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Never Let Me Go was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has written a lot of science fiction books. Is that what you're looking for?
I am not sure if he has made any of his books into movies. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
It was released in 2004.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2006
You are welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson
I'm not sure if it was written by Stieg Larsson, but I do enjoy crime novels. Do you like that genre?
I don't know, but he was influenced by Agatha Christie. He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He directed The Seven Samurai and The Seven Samurai. Have you seen either?
Yes, she starred in Yojimbo and also in Yojimbo.
Toshiro Yojimbo, Toshiro, and Toshiro.
You're welcome!
Do you like Oldboy because it's a Romantic comedy?
Confessions has genre Psychological thriller. what else can i answer for you?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
What do you think about the Redskins?
Yes, I do. He is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in a lot of other movies such as X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Well, if you like Max Brooks, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a horror film.
Yes, they are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like them?
I'm more of a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. I'm a huge fan of the Baltimore Orioles. Do you have a favorite team?
They have a lot of players in the Orioles since they have a good season. They have a lot of players in the Orioles since they have a good season.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetv directed Slumdog Millionaire and Slumdog Millionaire.
Sure, it was released in 2011 and also stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Yes, he starred in that movie.
Yes, he wrote Van Helsing. Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine.
Douglas Adams was a great actor. He starred in The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series was released in 1986.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Saga was also released that year.
Great, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime movie?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather. Did you see that one?
Marlon Brando also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now.
Apocalypse Now is a classic drama.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional football team coached by Mike McCarthy. Do you like football?
I think they were founded by the legendary Olympic athlete, Jim Thorpe.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
I'm a Bears fan myself. They're doing good this year. They're doing good this year.
I think they have a good game today. Do you have a favorite team?
I like college football. What about you?
500 Days of Summer is a Romantic comedy starring Christian Bale. Do you like Romantic comedies?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film.
Yes, it was a Lie that was written by Robert De Niro and was released in 1999.
The Namesake was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Do you like it because it is a Speculative fiction?
Have you read The Namesake? It's similar to The Namesake.
Xenocide was written by Orson Scott Card and was released in 2011.
I'll add it now.
Do you like movies starring Thomas F. Wilson? He starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Blake Shelton is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like country music?
God Gave Me You has a record label of Country pop and pop music. Do you like country music?
I don't have that information, but I do know he's from Nashville.
Sure! She wrote Winnie-the-Pooh, Winnie-the-Pooh, and Winnie-the-Pooh. Have you read any of those?
Yes! Pretty Little Liars was a TV series by Sara Shepard. Do you like her?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a big football fan but I do know that they're in the Premier League. Do you like football?
I'm a big fan of American Football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about college football, but I'm a big fan of Army/Navy.
I don't really know much about Pittsburgh Steelers, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not a big fan of the coach, but I do know that he's from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I don't know much about him, but he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
Yes, he starred in The Scorch Trials and The Prestige.
Sean Connery starred in it as well.
I will send it to your screen now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and was released in 2005.
It was bought by Amazon.com
I'm not sure if she wrote that, but she was born in Los Angeles
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
I am not sure, but I can tell you she is a great author.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob
Yes, it is a movie
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie was influenced by Agatha Christie. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 2004
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Romeo and Juliet. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a drama written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1595.
You're welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters.
Yes, Headhunters starred in The Imitation Game as well as Headhunters and The Imitation Game.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Khaled hosseini and released in 2012.
Yes, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns which was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
He was born in Sao Paulo. It was released in 2005 and is in English.
It's about a woman whose lives in La La Land. It's about a woman whose life falls under her personal life.
You're welcome
I'm sorry I don't have anymore information about him.
Yes, she starred in Wonder Boys. Do you like her movies?
The Situation is a biographical film starring Kristen Connolly and Michael Caine.
Sure! Enjoy!
I think he's a great singer and songwriter. Did you know he was in the movie A Bug's Life?
It's a romantic comedy starring Shaun White
I didn't know she was on that show
Yes, it was written by Tony Tanner. Do you like Romantic comedies?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee?
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. It's a drama that was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
Sure, I will do that!
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Wackness is considered a Thriller and a Drama.
I don't have that information, but Jonathan Levine starred in The Wackness, which is a comedy drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read it, but I do know it was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure, he directed The Fountainhead, The Fountainhead, and The Fountainhead. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers. Is that what you're looking for?
It was released in 2013
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. It was made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Donnie Darko stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and was written by Richard Kelly. Do you like it?
Seth Rogan has been in a lot of movies. He also starred in A Bug's Life, The Ice Harvest, and The Ice Harvest.
Yes, he was in it as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
I'm not sure, but Judd Apatow also produced The Matrix Revisited.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
She wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus, and Frankenstein.
Frankenstein is considered a historical novel.
Frankenstein was written in English.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but Cult Club is classified as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
Erich Maria Remarque translated the work of Erich Maria Remarque in English.
You're welcome.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
That's correct. Denzel Washington also starred in The Siege.
Yes, Denzel was in The Siege as well as The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome
I'm not a baseball fan but I do know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm a Dodgers fan myself.
Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Stephen J. Dubner.
Sure, I can do that for you.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes he was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I don't know if there are any other movies in that genre, but The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is also a good one.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is also a good action film.
No problem, enjoy!
I'm sorry, I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a great book.
Then you might like Welcome to the Monkey House that is in the same genre.
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Million Dollar Baby stars Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood?
I'm not sure if he's in a movie, but he's in a lot of movies. Is he a good actor?
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
I'm not sure when it came out, but it was directed by David Koepp.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by David Koepp.
Brad Garrett starred in Troy. Do you like Brad Garrett movies?
Underdog is a Drama/Adventure Film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2005.
I don't know, but I can tell you that Jay Leno also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
I'm not a big fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles. I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I like the Patriots. I'm a Patriots fan myself.
Yes, she starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty is a drama film directed by Sam Mendes. It also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it is. If you like existential, you should check it out.
The Incredible Hulk stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like his movies?
Have you seen The Incredible Hulk? It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Have you seen Die Hard 2? It's a Action film.
Do you like World War Z because it's a war film?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. She is a great actress!
She also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he starred in Wolverine, have you seen it?
Huge Jackman starred in Change-Up and Finder's Feet. Do you like Ryan Reynolds?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Transporter and The Transporter. Do you like him?
Transporter stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like any of those actors?
He was also in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Good Will Hunting is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Vampire Slayer is starring Hugh Jackman and Ben Affleck.
Yes, it was written by Ben Affleck.
Yes, it is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert. Do you like Romance novel?
It was released in 1856.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you like Literary Realism, you might like The Name of the Wind, The Name of the Wind and The Invisible Man.
You're welcome.
Do you like Collateral because it is a sci-fi?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who also directed Stanley Kubrick.
Yes, he starred in Eyes Wide Shut. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Well he was in Die Hard with a Vengeance. Do you like Bruce Willis?
Well, if you like action movies, you might like A Good Day to Die Hard.
Great, hope you enjoy
I know he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a great composer
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that he is a composer and songwriter too.
Sure! He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Star Trek
It was written by Hilda Rosner and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Beedle the Bard.
It was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again and Wolfen.
Yes, they both starred in You Again. Do you like Dwayne Johnson?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read it?
Yes, I'm a big fan of the book. Isn't he from Paris?
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Yes, it was. Do you like Fantasy films?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
i dont have that information but i can tell you it was written by Stephen King
You're welcome
I don't know a whole lot but I know he was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote .
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Warriors, but I do know he's a basketball player, right?
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man and Teacher Man. Have you read either of those?
Do you like Teacher Man because it is a Speculative fiction?
You're welcome
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure. It was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know that they are coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he was born in Madrid.
I don't really follow soccer but I know he was born in Madrid. Do you like soccer?
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
White Fang is considered a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Million Dollar Baby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
I didn't know that. Is that the movie you've seen?
That's a good one. Do you like comedies?
That's a great boxing movie. Did you know that Peter Jason also directed and produced it?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it's a comedy?
Cinderder was released in 2009.
Yes, I do. She's a great writer. She's a great actress. Did you know she was born in London? She also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he wrote and starred in the movie Maurice Hindle
I haven't seen that one yet, but I can check it for you if you like.
There are so many great books that you might enjoy. Some of my favorites are Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Have you read those?
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, he also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
They are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like baseball?
I have been there for a long time. The New York Mets have been there for a long time.
Minute Maid was released in 2010 and was directed by David Ayer.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but we're the Millers is a television series.
Chealsea is a great actress. Did you know she was born in Santa Marta?
Manchester United F.C is my favorite soccer team. Do you have a favorite soccer team?
I agree, it's a great sport to watch.
King Kong is a horror film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror films?
He's a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
It was released in 2005.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of the Panthers, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he played football as well. Do you like any other players?
I'm sure you will love these drama films.
You're welcome!
I'm not a baseball fan but I do like the New York Mets. Do you like the New York Mets?
I'm not a huge fan of MBA, but I do enjoy watching MBA movies.
I'm a big fan of that movie. Do you like any other sports movies?
Derrick Rose is a basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I don't really know much about LeBron James, but I know he's a great athlete.
No I haven't, I know he is a basketball player
Yes, it stars Men in Black. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It's a great movie.
I am sorry I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Do you like Batman Begins because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dark Knight and The Golden Fool.
I'm not sure, but The Golden Fool was released in 2011.
Sure, he wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
There's Welcome to the Monkey House, Welcome to the Monkey House, Welcome to the Monkey House
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Tanner and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Lake of Fire stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Lake of Fire is a film that was released in 2004. It's a drama film.
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Flying Fish and Other Poems was released in 1962
Yes, she wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes, both are written by the same author.
You're welcome!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it's a thriller?
I can recommend a thriller called Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
I don't have when a stranger calls. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit and The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a book that was released in 2011.
Sure, adding now.
Do you like The Godfather because it is a crime movie?
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He's a pretty good player.
I'm not a big basketball fan, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about Kristin Hannah, who is currently playing for the Bulls.
Yes, they will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, True Believer was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it's a thriller?
Are you referring to the book written by Jane Austen, who wrote the book.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Linkin Park is a country music band. Do you like country music?
I haven't heard much of their music but I do know they are in Warner Bros. Records have been good lately.
Andrew Stanton directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Do you like his movies?
It stars Andrew Stanton and was released in 1999.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E which is a Family/Animated Film.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He starred in The Martian and The Martian.
Yes, she is in it. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but it's a Family movie.
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer who starred in Jumbo.
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he was born in Yuvraj Singh.
Yes, he wrote it and it was a great movie.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oakland. Do you like him?
Yes, he does. He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but he's a point guard.
Yes, The King's Speech was written by Charles Dickens and stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, it was a TV program called The King's Speech, which is a drama.
Yes, that's a great one!
I do! She's a great singer. I love her song Whatcha Say.
I don't know a lot about Shakira, but I do like her music. She is a very talented singer.
I don't know much about her music but I do enjoy her music. Do you have a favorite song?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not a big fan of the Bears, but I do know they're owned by Zack Broman.
I'll have to check them out, thank you!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I do know he's a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Yes he does. He also plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her movies?
Sure, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Pillars of the Earth? It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Brokeback Mountain stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like football?
I'm not a big fan of Lovie Smith, but I do enjoy watching a lot of games.
I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Have you read the whole Harry Potter series?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
I don't have that one, but I can check it for you if you like.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen it?
To Rome With Love stars Robert De Niro and Morgan Freeman. Do you like any of these actors?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is a drama or a romance film?
Have you seen Scream of the Banshee? It's a Japanese cartoon.
Yes, I can recommend a few of his comedies, such as X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Marriage Plot and The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
The Virgin Suicides is a novel about a murderer who was forced to abandon a life after death.
The Virgin Suicides was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in The Is the End, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in The Lorax. Do you like her movies?
Phantom of the opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I will send it to you now.
I do, she is a very talented singer. Do you like her?
I haven't heard much of her music but I do know that she is friends with Selena Gomez.
Yes, and if you like that one, you should check it out.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Dark Knight.
Yes, he directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he also produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is also in the Fantasy genre. The Prestige is also in the Crime genre.
Waterworld is a drama film.
Enjoy the movie!
Dani Alves is a player on the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but Dani Alves plays as a forward for a team.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are doing well enough to make the playoffs.
I don't really know much about them. They're having a good season, though.
I don't know much about Teddy Bridgewater, but he's a good coach.
Sure! Do you like the book because it's a satire?
Charles Dickens is influenced by Charles Dickens and was born in New York.
Have you read A Tale of Two Cities written by Charles Dickens?
It was written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1843.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Do you like her work?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. Have you read it?
It's a young-adult fiction written by Kierra Cass. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Do you like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it's a Thriller?
Yes, it is action packed. Do you like action packed?
Well, if you like Romantic comedies, you should check out Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome!
Do you like Nineteen Eighty-Four because it's a memoir?
George Orwell also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four, which was released in 1949. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure, he wrote The Man Who Stood Up for Education and he wrote The Man Who Stood Up for Education.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a great book.
Well, if you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, you might also like A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream.
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit movies. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Hobbit was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either?
Sure! The Woods was written and produced by Bradley Cooper. It's a drama/crime/mystery.
The Words was released in 2012 and stars Oliver Platt, Oliver Platt and Oliver Platt
The Hobbit was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he wrote The Poems and the Poems, Poems and Other Poems.
Raven was released in 1895.
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like football?
Arsenal F.C is a football team coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's from Spain.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men The Last Stand
Yes, it was on Netflix
Neil Jordan directed The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Dark Knight.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Neil Jordan. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed Ventin Tarantino. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
He was also in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that?
You are welcome.
Downfalls is a war film. Do you like war films?
The Baader Meinhof Complex has a genre of Thriller, do you like those genres?
The Baader Meinhof Complex has a genre of Thriller, have you seen it?
You're welcome
I do, he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I'm a huge fan of Nicki Minaj. I'm a big fan of her music. Do you like her?
I haven't heard it yet, but I've heard it a little bit ago.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014.
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Invisible Man.
Yes, it is a series.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Philip Pullman and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Youth in Revolt is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
No problem!
Do you like Blood Diamond because it is a Thriller?
Robert De Niro is in that movie.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, CCH Pounder starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama film.
Yes, he was in it.
The Devil Wears Prada was written by Rebecca Wells and stars Kate Beckinsale.
Meryl Streep starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady. She also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was released in 2001.
I don't know, but Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was released that year.
Louis Sachar wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Have you read Witches Abroad? It's in the same genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Gilroy starred in Dan Gilroy. Did you know he's also a scientist?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy are action movies you might enjoy.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Siren and The Prince of Tides. Are you familiar with either?
Ponyo is a great adventure film, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but Hayao Miyazaki starred in it as well.
I'm not sure, but Hayao Miyazaki starred in it as well.
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read those?
I have read Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
She also wrote The Girl on the Train and also The Girl on the Train.
Sure, have you read The Girl on the Train, The Girl on the Train, and The Girl on the Train is a drama book.
No problem, enjoy!
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction.
Ok. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it is. Do you want to read it?
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. Would you like to hear about other works he wrote?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
Yes, he wrote that one
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1991
You are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and was released in 1996.
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
No, I don't think I've seen them. I'm a huge fan of his movies.
Well, if you like that, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
Dr Seuss was influenced by Frank Beddor. Do you like Frank Beddor?
Yertle the Turtle was released that year.
It's a great song! It was written by Sung Fu Panda. Did you know he also starred in Sung Fu Panda 2?
Seth Rogan also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a funny movie.
Yes, Emma Stone was in that movie as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web.
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a drama and a comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he is in a relationship with Angelina Jolie.
Yes, it is about a family who has a family with 12 kids who have a family with 12 kids.
No problem, enjoy!
The Terminator is starring Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, he was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show.
The Truman Show was released in 1999.
Deception Point was written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller.
Deception Point has genre Thriller
He wrote The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you read either of those?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, I will add that one to your library now.
You're welcome!
I'll play that one now.
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Do you like his movies?
Inland Empire is a drama film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure, I can do that.
Sure, enjoy!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Ayn Rand.
You're welcome
Ellen Burstyn starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I have heard of Serena, but I don't know much about Serena. She's also a tennis player.
I didn't know that. Isn't he married to Gisele?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama written by Harper Lee. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome
I think she's a great singer. I love her music. How about you?
Yes, I like her music. She's also a musician and a model.
I didn't know that! I've heard that she's a pretty good actress. She's also a musician.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like his movies?
Yes, she did. She was also in The O.C. and When You Were Sleeping. Do you like Sandra Bullock?
Yes, he starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
You're welcome
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
He also wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome
Yes, he plays on the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
He played on the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
He was on the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
I am not a tennis fan, but I do like her sister Serena. How about you?
I don't know a lot about tennis. Brett Ratner was in the movie, but he was in the movie The Matrix.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard it's a good thriller.
Sure! The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005. Are you interested in memoirs?
It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Yes, she wrote Lolita. Are you a fan of hers?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any recommedations available but I can tell you it was written by Alice Sebold
yes, it was.
You're welcome
Isn't she a tennis player? I think she was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know a lot about basketball, but I do know he is also a musician.
Hantuchuchuchova is a good tennis player.
Yes, he was. He was a very busy man.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen The Dark World? It's in the same genre.
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. It's a great movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes he did and he also starred in The Good Doctor.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Tony Tanner. Do you like Romantic comedies?
I'm not sure if he wrote that book, but he also wrote Apocalypto.
Do you like Doomsday Book because it's a fantasy?
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and the Amazing Spider Man 2.
John Sayles wrote and directed The Amazing Spider-Man. Did you know he also directed The Amazing Spiderman?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2008.
Phil Mickelson is a great golfer! He won the 2010 PGA Championship.
Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
I have heard of it. Is it a comedy/drama?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in the movie, but he was in the movie A Bug's Life. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a self-help book. It's a self-help book.
That's a good one. It's a self-help book.
Yes, I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey. It's a romantic comedy.
Nowhere Boy has genre Thriller and was released in 1999.
Do you like Fear and Loating in Las Vegas because it's a thriller?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Invisible Man. Have you seen that?
V for Vendetta is considered a political Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue and The Last Runaway. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but Tracy Chevalier also wrote The Virgin Blue.
Yes, it was made into a movie. I think you would like it.
You're welcome!
Frank Darabont is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is a good movie. Do you like Chris Owen? He also starred in The Mist.
I haven't seen National Lampoon's All That and National Lampoon's All That.
Have you seen Annie Hall? It is a great Romance film.
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a football player from Denmark. Do you like football?
Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth
i dont have information about it
Matt Damon also starred in Zero Dark Thirty
the Bourne Legacy is a thriller
your welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends was written by Arty poetry. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote A Light in the Attic. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a song writer from Nashville?
I don't know a whole lot, but I do like Taylor Swift. She sings a lot of songs, like Valentines Day, Valentines Day, Valentines Day. Do you like her?
Yes, I agree!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Color Purple which is a romance novel.
I'm sorry I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Oliver Stone directed The Doors, The Doors, and The Doors.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Oliver Stone.
Yes, it's a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
I'm not sure, but it's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like Divergent because it's a Speculative fiction?
Well, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the team.
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, they were the runner ups in the Superbowl.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like her?
I don't know if she acted in Trolls, but I can tell you she also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other comedies that she starred in.
You're welcome
E.H. Gormbrich starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Sworn Sword. Have you seen either of those?
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Yes, I am a big fan of it. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player. Do you like him?
Scott Westerfeld wrote The Road to El Dorado, which is a Historical novel.
It's a Young-adult fiction written by Scott Westerfeld
I don't know if there was any other books released that year. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
I think Cesc Fàbregas is a great football player. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's a midfielder as well.
Yes, he did. He was coached by Louis van Gaal, who is a great player.
I didn't know that. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Sure! He wrote The Man Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Do you like his books?
He is a war novelist who was influenced by William Shakespeare. He was born in New York.
Sure! Fifty Shades Freed was written by E E.B. White and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not read Fifty Shades of Darker, but E.L. James also wrote Fifty Shades of Darker.
Bared to You was also written by E.L. James
It was released in 2008
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Män som hatar kvinnor.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome!
Are you interested in other books written by Laura Hillenbrand?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him as a point guard?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes he did and he also directed it as well.
Yes, he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2011.
Its a Non-Believer written by Martin Gardener and was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Washington Redskins. Do you like football?
Yes, he did. Do you like Oakland Raiders?
Yes, he is still playing for the Oakland Raiders.
Have you read Girl with a Pearl Earring? It was written by George R.R. Martin.
Yes, it is. Do you like the book because it's a drama?
Snow Crash is written by David Ayer.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it's a thriller?
Ben Stiller starred in The Cable guy, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't know about any other comedy-dramas, but Andy Dick also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, she wrote The Lacuna which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2007.
Zero to One is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Harlin also starred in Cutthroat Island.
Yes, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome
I'm not a big fan of the Chicago Bears. Do you like the Chicago Bears?
I'm not a big fan of the AFC East, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLI.
I'm not a fan of the Bears, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLI.
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but John-Henry and Jez Butterworth starred in it.
I don't have that information, but John-Henry starred in it. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but John-Henry starred in Fair Game. It's a great movie.
Yes, he's a great actress! He also starred in Fair Game.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Miami. Do you like basketball?
I don't know too much about her, but I know she was born in Los Angeles. She was married to Gisele.
I'm not sure if it was. Think like a Man was written by Steve Harvey.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it's a sci-fi movie starring Robert De Niro.
It's a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. It's a sci-fi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed 300: Rise of an Empire and 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise of an Empire stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy.
Yes, she is the voice actor for the movie. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I am a Dodgers fan. Do you like the Dodgers?
I don't really follow basketball, but I do know that he was born in Los Angeles.
I'm not a big fan of baseball, but I do know that he was born in Los Angeles and was born in Los Angeles.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Krista Bridges made into a movie that was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like her work?
The Sword of Shannara is a novel written by Sword of Shannara. It's a great book.
I don't know a whole lot, but I can tell you she also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is a soccer player from Paris. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's a great soccer player. He's from Manchester United. Do you like him?
I don't really know much about football. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Patrick Suskind is a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in New York. Do you like his books?
Do you like The Grapes of Wrath because it's a Speculative fiction?
Tropic of Cancer is a biographical novel. Do you like biographical novels?
i have read a lot of fiction novels. i think you will like it if you like.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Anne Tyler wrote The Night Watch. It was released in 2006.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did. Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller starring Will Smith.
Yes, Helena Mattsson starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred O Brother, Where Art Thou. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't know a whole lot but she was in Thirteen, Where Art Thou.
She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2002.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rick Riordan.
It's an adventure film.
Yes, he also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. Are you interested in other books by him?
2012 was the year that released The Man Som Heter Ove.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Well, if you want to stay in the same genre, you might want to check out The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that?
Yes, the Golden Compass is a great movie. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is in that genre.
Interstellar stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is a young adult fiction written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young adult fiction?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know a whole lot but Chris Weitz also directed and produced it.
She also starred in The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
Isn't he the one who is on the New England Patriots?
I haven't watched a match before, but I've been a long time ago.
I don't really play tennis, but I've heard it's great.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie?
Sure, The Last Stand is a superhero movie, have you seen it?
Logan is a superhero movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, he directed The Matrix, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like drama films. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The God of Small Things, which is a drama film.
Robert De Niro helped with The Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 1994
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont. Do you like books by Frank Darabont?
Stephen King also wrote The Shining and The Mist. Have you read those?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is a film adaptation.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train, which was released in 2013.
I am not sure, but I can tell you she also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, The Way Life Should Be is a book with the same genre.
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith and Michael Caine. Do you like Will Smith?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Emma Thompson also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that?
I, Robot is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, I do. I love Hot Fuzz. Did you know it was written by David Koepp?
I don't know if there are any other films similar to Hot Fuzz, but they are action and adventure films. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2007 as well.
Yes, he's a very talented singer. I like his music. Do you like his music?
I don't really know much about him, but I do know he was born in Houston.
Yes, I do, he is a very talented singer.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee?
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by William Shakespeare.
Les Miserables is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
There's a musical theater that you might enjoy called The Golden Compass, which is a musical theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Christopher Nolan
Meryl Streep is a talented actress
It is a great movie also starring Kristen Connolly
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. They're in the AFC West division right?
The Eagles have been around a long time and they have been around for a long time. They have been around a long time.
Cold Mountain is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Night. Do you like Shark Night?
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a Thriller?
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Boston Celtics.
He has done a lot of thrillers. He has starred in such films as The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure, but I can check it for you if you like.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Robert De Niro. Do you like Crime Fiction?
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
He was in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
The Fugitive stars Tom Hanks and Morgan Freeman. Do you like it?
The Fugitive was released in 2001.
That's a good one. I think you will enjoy it.
He also starred in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive.
You're welcome!
Yes, J. M. Barrie wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Peter Pan was released in 1904. Would you like to read other books in the same genre?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a midfielder for the France national football team?
He plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it stars Vin Diesel and Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel?
I don't know if he was in any other action movies, but he also starred in XXX.
I'm sure you will like it!
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes he did and Faizon Love starred in it as well.
That is a Reality TV Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Voice which is a Comedy Thriller.
Yes he did and he was in The Gazebo which is a drama film.
I haven't seen The Gazebo but I will check it for you now.
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in Seth MacFarlane, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Sure, it was written and directed by Seth MacFarlane and is a comedy.
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in A Bug's Life
Skyfall stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Yes, Rory Kinnear has also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Quantum of Solace was produced by Roland Emmerich.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen it yet, but I can check it for you if you like Adventure.
You as well!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like Charlize Theron?
Yes, she has written a lot of good stories. She's also a writer and a film producer.
Yes, Dead to the World is a great book by him.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Scorpion King. Have you seen that?
It is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she was. Do you like war films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. It's a great book.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was in a relationship with Angelina Jolie.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2011.
Max Brooks starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
Hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he wrote harry potter and the prisoner of Azkaban.
Do you like the movie because of the genre of the movie or because of the genre of the movie?
Have you seen The Looking Glass Wars? It's in the same genre.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes. Do you like his movies?
Do you like Mission: Impossible because it's a Thriller?
I don't know much about the movie, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible with Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
Great, enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I have not seen The Social Network, but I can tell you it was written by Justin Timberlake
I do like dramas. Did you know that Jesse Eisenberg was in The Social Network?
Yes, it was written by Roberto Orci and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like it?
True Lies is a great movie with Daniel Craig. He also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a Spy film. Do you like Spy films?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Mexico. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
You are welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Lana Wachowski and released in 1988. Are you interested in other books by her?
He also wrote Alan R. Clarke and Alan R. Clarke.
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos and was released in 1989.
He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City.
I like to watch American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
The Redskins are a great team. Their coach is John Fox, right?
The invention of wings is a book written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like his work?
Yes, the Last Samurai is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Yes, he was in The Pink Panther 2 and was released in 2011. Do you like Pink Panthers?
Andy Garcia also starred in The Wedding Singer and The Princess Diaries.
Andy Garcia was also in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I'm not a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
No I haven't seen that one, but I think Ned Beatty was in it as well.
Yes, I saw that one. I really liked that one.
I like a lot of rom-coms. I'm also a big fan of rom-coms. I'm also a huge fan of Joey.
Yes, he directed The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Do you like his movies?
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama and Thriller.
You're welcome!
It was written by RJ Palacio and released in 2012.
RJ Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter and The Julian chapter.
Yes, it was released in 2014, the same year as Annihilation
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2014
you are welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like Comedy movies?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Bill Murray also starred in Unleashed
She wrote The Scarlet Letter.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. It was released in 1926.
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written in English.
Sure, do you like young adult genre books?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and released 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
Great, enjoy the book!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Tower Heist is a Thriller and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Tower Heist is a drama film. Do you like dramas?
I don't have any information on any other crime movie, but I can tell you that Nina Arianda also starred in A Must Be the Place.
She wrote оскресение and нна и мир.
Yes, I can read Russian. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom.
Yes, he starred in Troy. Do you like Troy?
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Do you like the author?
She also wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read that one?
I am not sure, but I can check it for you.
Snow Crash was written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like Neal Stephenson?
Yes, he starred in What's Your Number? which is a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can check it for you now.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote it as well as The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I am a tennis fan. Do you?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he won the 2012 olympics.
Do you like Running with Scissors because it's a Speculative fiction?
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1999 and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, You Better Not Cry is a sequel.
You're welcome!
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The fates of Human Societies was written by Jared Diamond. Do you like Jared Diamond?
It's a novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but it was released in 1997.
Do you like Wes Craven because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Wes Craven starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a horror film.
Yes he did, he also starred in My Soul to Take.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Anne Rice. She also wrote The Princess Diaries.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1994.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1999.
Sure! Do you like Graveyard Book because it's a thriller?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great children's literature.
You're welcome!
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote The System of the World. Do you like the author?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but 'The Giver' was released in 2004.
Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes, he directed a lot of movies. One of them is A Bug's Life. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he starred in Moon. It's a great movie.
It's a warcraft film. It's considered a historical film.
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
I'm a huge football fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
I haven't watched a game live in person.
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a Thriller?
Robert De Niro is the director
He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, it stars Matt Damon and is a great movie. Do you like it?
I haven't seen that one, but I know he is a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
I haven't seen that one yet. Is it a good one?
The Hobbit was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Hobbit and Back Again was written by Tolkien.
Yes, I have seen Mirror Mirror and Mirror Mirror. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Grimm's Fairy Tales starred Robert De Niro and Frank Grillo. Do you like his movies?
Matt Damon also starred in The Huntsman. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or the genre of the book?
Yes, The Son of Sobek is a fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
She wrote a book called We Bought a Zoo which was released in 2011.
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but I can tell you she also starred in a movie called The Wedding Singer.
Do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Yes, The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Speculative fiction book.
He also wrote Tolls and Tolls and Other Stories.
You're welcome!
Yes, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Stefan Kapicic also starred in Deadpool
Deadpool has genre Thriller
Lebron James is a great lyricist. do you like him?
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
Oh wow, I didn't know he was a teacher.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Have you read the book or read the book?
This book was written by Elizabeth George Speare, who also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Incredibles and The Incredibles. Have you seen either of those?
Whatever It Takes is a Romantic Comedy starring Robert De Niro and was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She starred in The Happy Golden Years. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Do you like him?
That's a great movie. Robert Duvall also wrote The Apostle. Do you like his movies?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. He's a great actor.
It's a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tom Hanks also starred in the film.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was produced by Tod Fennell.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a romance novel?
She has written Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
She wrote White Oleander and White Oleander.
White Oleander and Paint It Black was released in 1996.
you are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 2011. Do you like her films?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure who starred in Seven Samurai, but it was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Sure! Have a good day!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1862.
Yes, it was released in 1595.
That's right, he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Once Upon a Time in the West is a movie similar to Once Upon a Time in West.
Shane is a film starring Jack Palance and was released in 1988.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Tenth Circle and The Tenth Circle. Have you read either of those?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars? It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Do you like his books?
He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Yes, he did! He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, and A Tale of Two Cities.
Yes, it was made into a play as well.
You're welcome!
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I do. I'm a big fan of Lebron James. How about you?
I like to watch basketball. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I haven't. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. Do you like Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm not sure what else he directed, but I do know that he also directed Apocalypto.
Yes, Hellboy II is a comic movie. Do you like comic movies?
Yes, Atlas Shrugged is a book written by Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living
Atlas Shrugged was released 1957
Do you like the book because it's a satire?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
Mark Osbourne starred in The Jungle Book, The Jungle Book, and The Jungle Book 2.
Yes, he starred in that film as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
Seth Rogan also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a romantic comedy.
I think you'll enjoy Pineapple Express today!
Do you like 1st to Die because it's written by James Patterson or because it is a thriller?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Do you like her books?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is also a Fiction book. Do you like Fiction books?
You're very welcome!
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I'm not sure, but I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, I do. He is a great athlete.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan was in Coyote Ugly. Do you like her?
Sure, John Boyne wrote Boyne: The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Children's literature. Do you like Children's literature?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was directed by Tony Tanner. Do you like his work?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by David Ayer.
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 1999
You're welcome
Do you like Divergent because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It's a utopian film.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2008.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was released in English.
You're welcome!
She wrote Black Beauty, have you read it?
Anna Sewell was born in London. She is also a musician.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much of their music but I do like Taylor Swift. Do you like any of them?
Yes, he did play the song If I Never See Your Face Again.
I'm not sure if it's a good show, but it was a great show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel.
Have you read The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
You're welcome!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a thriller?
Kevin Spacey starred in L.A. Without a Map.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You are welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Sure. You might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is a great movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer and a film producer. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, it is a horror. Do you like horror?
Yes, they both are Mystery films. Do you like that genre?
No problem, enjoy!
I think he's a great tennis player. Did you know he was in the Olympics?
Yes he does. He also plays for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
I'm a Packers fan. I'm a Packers fan myself.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Siren and The Prince of Tides. Do you like his movies?
It's a great family adventure film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that actor?
It's a great family adventure film. It was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity was written by Matt Damon and stars Matt Damon. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
That's a true story. Matt Damon also wrote The Bourne Identity, which is based on the book.
I'm sure you'll like it!
It's a psychological thriller, based on a book about a war.
We Need to Talk About Kevin is a psychological thriller.
Yes, I am a huge fan of his. He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for the Saints but I do know he's a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets.
I hope they have a good season.
Sure, do you like Bruce Willis because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a classic.
Robert De Niro is also in that movie, and he is a very good actor.
I'm not sure, but it is a Thriller.
Will do! I hope you enjoy!
You got it!
Gran Torino stars Clint Eastwood and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood?
Warm Bodies stars Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood?
I am not sure, but I do know Cory Hardrey also starred in The Day After Tomorrow
You're welcome
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read that?
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because it's a Thriller?
There's a lot of Disney movies that you might enjoy including The Incredibles and The Amazing Spider-Man 2
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Ender's Game because it's a thriller?
Orson Scott Card is an American novelist widely known for science fiction, science fiction and science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read The Time Machine? It was written by Orson Scott Card.
Great I hope you enjoy them!
He directed The Scorpion King, The Scorpion King, and The Scorpion King
Yes, he did. He was also in Three Kings. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Do you like action movies?
Anthony Daniels also starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, which is a classic!
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Do you like Forrest Gump because it's a Romantic comedy?
Winston Groom is also in the same genre as Forrest Gump.
You're welcome
I haven't read A Christmas Carol. Is it the Christmas story written by Charles Dickens?
I love Mickey's Christmas Carol. Do you like Christmas stories?
The Black Cat is Gothic fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about Evernight Finger.
You're welcome.
I'm not a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about Ryan Moats. He was drafted by the New England Patriots.
John Madden was drafted by the New York Giants.
I didn't know that. Is that the information I have on?
Watership Down was written by Peter Hyams and was released in 2012.
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is speculative fiction as well as children's literature.
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
The Tennessee Titans lost Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, some of his top films are The Matrix, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Have you heard of The Looking Glass Wars? It's a historical film.
United 93 stars Tom Hanks and Morgan Freeman. Would you like to know more about the film?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi or because it was a Sci-Fi?
The sequels are Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
I don't have that information, but I can check it for you now if you like.
I'm sure you will love it!
I have seen 50/50. 50/50 is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he was. It was a great tv comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the book because it's a Speculative fiction?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1994.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction.
I think he's a great football player.
I have seen Wildcats and Rudy. Did you know he also starred in the movie?
I agree. Couples Retreat is a great movie with Vince Vaughn.
Do you like Aliens because it's a sci-fi movie?
Volcano was released in 1999 and is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Volcano because it is a Sci-Fi?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in Aliens 2 and a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in that as well. You should check it out!
You're welcome!
Yes, The Butterfly Effect was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
William Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect, which is a psychological thriller.
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
It is a Comedy. Do you like Leonard Nimoy's movies?
Hugh Jackman starred in The Voyage Home. He also starred in The Voyage Home.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Do you like Inside Man because it's a thriller?
Well, if you like The Big Hit, you might like Shark Night.
You're welcome!
I know he's a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spain national team.
I don't know much about American Football, but I do know it's a Brazilian professional football team based in Spain.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know he's also a midfielder.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are owned by Jay-Z.
He was a point guard for the New York Giants. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did coach the Bucks.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like Memento because it's a thriller?
Yes, he starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers. Do you like Wild at Heart?
Yes, he is a composer and lyricist. do you like his music?
Rita Ora is a composer and lyricist. Do you like her?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
He starred in The Hobbit and also in The Dark Knight Rises.
Great. Is there anything else I can help with?
Will do!
Have a great day!
Isn't he the shooting guard for the New Orleans Saints?
I don't know much about him. I don't really know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers. Do you like basketball?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull starred Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, he also starred in Transformers: The Return of the King
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie
your welcome
Crescendo is a young adult fiction written by Ryan Reynolds. Do you like young adult fiction?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush.
I think you will enjoy her books.
Do you like The Maze Runner because it's a thriller?
The Scortch Trails is starring Will Smith and Rosario Dawson.
You're welcome
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, The Prince of Persia is also a drama film. Do you like drama films?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow and End of Watch is a really good one.
Will Gluck directed Friends with Benefits, which is a romantic comedy.
Annie is a great movie. It stars Will Gluck, Will Gluck, Will Gluck, and Frank Grillo
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a romantic comedy
Do you like The Notebook because it's a Romantic comedy?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle.
Yes, the author was born in New York City.
Yes, he was the author of the book The Notebook.
Yes, Prince of Tide was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, it was written by Mark Cotta Vaz and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Yes, he wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. He also wrote The Crucible.
I don't know a whole lot but Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons which was released in 1947.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Do you like them?
Yes, they are. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
They seem to be having a good season. They have a lot of good players like the Patriots and the Patriots, though.
Lolita is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1991. It was also written by Vladimir Vladimirovich
Great, enjoy the book!
You're welcome!
Yes, I have heard of him. Did you know he's married to Gisele?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Jessica Biel has a spouse named Jessica Biel.
I have seen Southland Tales. Did you see that one?
Are you interested in books written by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Casual Vacancy, and The Casual Vacancy.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Do you like the author because it's an autobiography?
It's a book that was released in 2002.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Casual Vacancy, and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure, but it was released in English.
I'm not sure, but it was released in English.
Bisco Hatori wrote  1.  1.  1 is written in English.
You're welcome!
Do you like Total Recall because it stars Tom Hanks?
I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
I don't really follow basketball, but James Harden is a great player.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's reality TV. What's your favorite?
I'm not a big American TV fan but I do know that he is a very talented man.
I'm not sure of the ones I've seen, but I know he's a great player.
Yes, Christopher Nolan stars in Inception. Do you like Christopher Nolan?
Yes, that's correct. Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Prestige.
Enigma is a film directed by Christopher Nolan and was released in 1999.
Sure, I can do that for you.
Rob Reiner is a film producer. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also directed The Matrix Revolutions which is a romantic comedy.
He produced The Mists of Avalon which was produced by Met Sally.
You are welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Passion of Christ. Have you read it?
I am not sure, but they both are fiction.
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like her in Princess Protection Program. Do you like her?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
I'm sure it's a good mix of comedy and comedy.
Do you like Michael Parks because he starred in The Matrix?
Yes, they did win the World Series. They were runner ups in the 1986 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you like baseball?
The Red Sox were the runner ups in the World Series this year.
I think he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2006 PGA Championship?
I don't know much about him but he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but he won the 2010 PGA Championship and a few PGA Championships.
Sure! Hurt Locker starred in Hurt Locker. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor.
It is written by Veronica Roth and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Sure, I can do that!
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York. Do you like football?
I do like college games. Do you like college games?
Yes, he's a great football player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's from the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
El amor en los tiempos del cólera was released in 1985.
I don't know any other books written by Debora Smith, but .  by  by Debora Smith.
Yes, it was written in English.
Yes, Along Came a Spider was written by John Green. Do you like John Green?
Yes, it is a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by James Dashner and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like this actor?
Well, if you like Romance films, you might like Apocalypse Now, which is a romance film.
Yes, I would recommend Apocalypse Now, which is a tragedy.
Yes, he's a writer and a musician. He's also a musician and a musician.
You might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's a great horror film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Do you like Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a classic!
I didn't know that. Is she a badminton player?
Yes, she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like her?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen that one, but I do like Romeo and Juliet.
Yes, she did. She also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sensibility.
Isn't he a composer and lyricist?
Anna Kournikova is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I like pop music. Do you like that genre?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a great movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he starred in The Aviator. It is a great movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Jennifer Esposito is in it. It's a great movie. Do you like her?
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian.
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative fiction novel.
The Historian is a drama and a suspense
Yes, I will send it to you now.
Yes, he is a golfer from London.
i don't watch much golf but I do like to play once. do you like to play?
i don't think so. do you like tennis?
football is my favorite team. do you like to watch basketball?
i have never been to a boxing game live. do you like football?
i love Aaron Rodgers. do you have a favorite player?
I'm not a fan of the Atlanta Falcons, but I do know they're in the AFC West division.
I don't have that information, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I am a Patriots fan of the New England Patriots.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign which was released in 1958.
It was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. It was released in 1958.
Yes, The Man in Havana was released in 1958. It's a great book.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Do you like Vulgar because it's a thriller?
Yes, William Scott Scott also starred in The Titans and Mr. Woodcock.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
They are a pop rock band. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's married to Gisele.
I'm not sure if Coldplay is touring.
You are welcome.
I do, they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other sports?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the players if you like.
I don't know much about Walter Payton, but I do know he's married to Gisele.
Terry George directed The Sandman: Endless Nights. Do you like fantasy films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1951.
I'm not sure, but The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1905.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Roberto Orci. Are you familiar with him?
He also starred in The Wolverine: Wolverine: Wolverine.
Turbo is a Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Sandra Bullock is a romantic comedy.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Alice In Wonderland. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can i answer for you today?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Incredibles because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, it's a family friendly movie with a little bit of drama, comedy, comedy, and family friendly.
I don't have that information, but John Ratzenberger also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is a basketball player for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
I don't really know much about it, I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I do, I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not a baseball fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
Yes, I do. Fight Club is a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in We Rode in Trucks?
Did you know she was born in Nashville? She is a very talented singer.
I'm not a big fan of the music genre. I think she's a very talented singer.
I like heavy metal, rock and rock as well.
It's a comedy starring Kristen Connolly and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a great movie.
Do you like Shooter because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen Shark Night? It's a great thriller.
Rum Diary stars Denzel Washington. It's a great Thriller
You're welcome!
He's a great golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't played much but I do know that Jordan Spieth was born in Dallas
Serenity is a great movie. Would you like to know more about Serenity?
Sure, I would recommend Serenity, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but it's a great action film.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy starred in We Bought a Zoo and We Bought a Zoo.
I am not sure who starred in Be Kind Remind. Did you know he also starred in Be Kind Remind?
I do! I love Adam Levine. Do you like Adam Levine?
I like some of their songs. I also like The Passion Passion. Do you like it?
Do you know if it was released in 2015?
Yes, I am a big fan of his music. Did you know he was born in Jackson?
I didn't realize that, she's a very talented actress. I love her music.
I agree, it's too much of a drama.
He plays on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he's from Manchester. Do you like soccer?
I like Manuel Pellegrini, he's a very good player. Do you like him?
Do you like Shrek because it's a comedy?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Day After Tomorrow stars Katharine McPhee and Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like her acting?
The Wild Life is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Randy Quaid was in Wild Life as well. Do you like his acting?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush.
I don't know a whole lot but she is influenced by Selena Gomez
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but it was directed by Tim Burton.
He also directed The Simpsons Movie.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it was directed by David Silverman.
You as well!
Yes, Gore Verbinski wrote Rango which is a drama film.
Sure! Rango is a Thriller and was released in 2005. Do you like that film?
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump street because it's a Thriller?
Ryan Gosling is also in this movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess. Do you like her books?
Do you like The Tale of the Body Thief because it's speculative fiction?
I've read Vampire Chronicles, but I'm going to add that one to my list.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure. It was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
She wrote Mansfield Park, which was released in 1960.
Mansfield Park is a Speculative Fiction.
I haven't read Mansfield Park, but I do like romance.
I haven't read murder mystery, but I do enjoy murder mystery.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Les Visiteurs is a good one. Have you seen it?
Amelie is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the movie!
Isn't he the one who sings a new song?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. Do you like his music?
I don't have that information, but he is with the New York Knicks.
Marlon Brando starred in Marlon Brando. Do you like his movies?
Viva Zapata also starred in The Young Lions, The Young Lions, and The Young Lions.
I'm going to add to my watch list. I'm sorry.
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do know that he's a very good player.
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Do you like to watch basketball?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won that award too.
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, she was in the Notebook, which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of good ones. One of my favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't know a whole lot, but I can tell you it was written by Gabourey Kravitz starring Gabourey Kravitz.
He is a great actor. He also starred in The Jungle Book 2.
Yes, I will send it to you now.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a good movie.
Do you like The Dark Knight because it's a crime movie?
yes, if you like comedies and crime movies, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
i dont have that information but i can tell you it is a crime movie.
Starsky & Hutch is a blockbuster.
you are welcome.
L.M. Montgomery wrote The Road to Little Dribbling and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
The Blue Castle was released in 1996.
That's the only one I can find from L.M. Montgomery that came out in 1926
Christopher Meloni wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Green Hornet.
I haven't seen any of his other horror movies, but I can tell you that he is a very good actor.
You're welcome!
I know he's a composer and song writer. He was born in Paris. Do you like his music?
I do, he is a very talented man who has been influenced by his music.
I like the song When Love Takes Over. What is your favorite song?
Micheal Jackson is a very talented singer. Do you like her?
Do you like The Interview because it's a Thriller?
it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
i hope you enjoy it!
you're welcome
Do you like Knocked Up because it's a comedy?
I don't have that information, but Judd Apatow wrote and directed it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Paul Pogba is going to play for Chelsea in the Premiere League.
Yes, they were the runner ups in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I do like American Football. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him, but I do know he's a great player.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I'm not sure he directed it, but he did direct it.
Sue Monk Kidd was influenced by Monk Kidd. She was influenced by Monk Kidd.
I am not sure, but Carl Jung was influenced by Monk Kidd.
Yes he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is considered a drama.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like her music. She starred in Princess Protection Program, which is a great album.
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary?
Yes, and Tommy Chong also starred in That 70s Show.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is a mystery book written by Charlaine Harris.
It's a great book! It was written by Charlize Theron. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it's a Thriller?
Skyfall is a crime movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Oh, I didn't know that. Isn't he coached the Minnesota Vikings?
I'm not sure, but I heard they were the runners ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Christopher Nolan?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen Unfinished Business, but I know it was written by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, I do like hip hop. Do you like hip hop?
I like rock. I'm also a Beatles fan. Do you like any of them?
Yes, Zipper was released that year. Do you like Zipper?
Yes, it was written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, the King of Attolia is also Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
TRON Legacy was written by Tony Tanner. Do you like his work?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Wedding Singer and The Wedding Singer.
I agree, Working Girl is a great one.
You're welcome
Frank McCourt is a writer and a film producer. He wrote Teacher Man and Teacher Man.
It's a baseball team. Do you like baseball?
I didn't see that one, but I'd love to visit it.
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a great movie.
I don't have that information, but Channing Tatum starred in Booker.
You are welcome
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great book written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, she has a great voice. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies. She has starred in such films as Princess Protection Program and The Wedding Singer?
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Do you like her singing?
Yes, she is a very talented actress.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she won the Grammys for Best Actress.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Hobbit was released in 1999.
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
The Rock is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Do you like them?
That's a good one. Did you know he also starred in The House Bunny?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
Not really, I am a huge fan of the Washington National Football team. Do you like football?
He plays midfielder.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Laurence Fishburne.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote and directed The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like dramas?
It is a comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film.
She starred in Kill Bill and Kill Bill. Do you like Kill Bill?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 1995.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005.
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War was written by Frank Darabont.
Yes, I can play The Great Yokai War.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Oz books.
W.W. Denslow also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of her song, but I do like her music. Do you like her?
No, I haven't heard much of her music. Do you like electronic dance music?
Yes, she's from Nashville. I love her music!
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Frank Beddor, have you seen it?
Yes, I do. Steve Jobs Jobs starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. Did you know he's married to Gisele?
Sure, he starred in the movie The Matrix Revolutions, which is a comedy.
Its a drama. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now.
I'm not sure if it's written, but it's a true story.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I don't know a whole lot, but I can tell you he was influenced by Jane Austen.
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary: How Greg Heffley Went Hollywood
You're welcome
I don't really know much about him, but I do know he's from the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I don't really know any other point guards, but I do know he's with the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure if it's the same thing. Isn't Larry Bird from the NBA?
I'm not a baseball fan but I do like the New York Mets. Do you like the New York Mets?
I don't really follow baseball, but Terry Collins is a great player.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I think he's a good soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's from Santo Domingo.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Stephen Sommers directed The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions
The Mummy Returns has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Mummy Returns is also considered a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it's also considered a fantasy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Trainspotting because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It is an Indie film starring Shirley Henderson.
Well, if you like Memento, you might also like The Inferno, which is a thriller.
Yes, Rogue Nation is written by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like him?
Well, if you liked The Last Samurai, you might want to check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It was released in 2011.
Pound of Flesh stars Robert De Niro and Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Those are all young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read Wicked Lovely is part of a series.
You're welcome!
Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it's a Speculative fiction?
It's a Historical novel.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the War genre as well.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I don't think they will play this year. I'm a Packers fan myself.
I'm not sure if she's married to a wife, but she seems to be having a long time.
Do you like The Town because it's a Thriller?
Peter Kraig starred in The Town
Eli Craig directed The Town.
Great. Enjoy
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Universal Soldier: The Return is starring Victor Frankenstein and is a great Sci-Fi movie.
I don't know if he directed anything else, but he also directed Apocalypse Now.
Katy Perry is a great singer and songwriter. Did you know he was in a movie starring Tom Hanks?
No, I didn't realize that. Is that a drama film?
Yes, he was a great actor. He was also in Get Him to the Greek
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, he was in that movie. Did you know he also starred in A Bug's Life?
Did you know he was in that movie? It was very funny.
Yes, it was written by Lauren Oliver and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Romantic comedies?
Merryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada and The Devil Wears Prada.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
You're welcome!
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Station Agent.
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also considered a fantasy.
The Wolverine is the main lead in this movie, as well as Peter Dinklage.
You're welcome
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Connolly which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. Do you like co-authors?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was a writer and a screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great movie. Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
Yes, if you like children's fantasy, I would recommend The Rum Diary. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Robin Hobb wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy novel.
Sure, do you like the author because it is a fantasy?
You're welcome
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure. Wide Sargasso Sea was released in 1960.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, you might like The Throne of Glass: The Assassin and the Desert.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Boal, Mark Boal, and Mark Boal. Do you like Mark Boal?
I agree, she is a great actress.
Yes, he is a great football player. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a football player. Do you like football?
I'm a big fan of Shakira. She's from Columbia.
Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a Thriller?
He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I don't really know much about them. I'm a huge football fan.
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do enjoy watching the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
I like football. I'm a big fan of American Football. I'm a big fan of American Football.
Yes, he was a midfielder as well.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book written by David Koepp. Do you like self-help books?
He has also written Non-Fiction, Self-help, Self-help, Self-help
I don't have any information on that, but Stephen R. R. Tolkien also released This is Spinal Tap.
ok. what else can i do for you today?
I do! It's a great movie. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like it?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family movie, do you like family movies?
Yes, he is in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, have you seen it?
Have you seen The Rum Diary? It is a great family movie.
Yes, I do. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by David Koepp and directed by David Koepp.
Milo Forman also directed Apocalypse Now.
That's a good one. Milo Forman also directed The Invisible Man. Have you seen that?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a great historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was born in New York.
Yes, he is also a member of The Velvet Underground.
He is a basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Yes, he was a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like him?
Yes, he was born in New York.
Do you like The Island because it's a drama?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is a sci fi movie.
That's a good one. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it, but I do know he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
That's a great one. Did you know he also starred in The Incredible Hulk?
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is part of a series.
you are welcome
He's a soccer player for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't really know much but I do know he is a midfielder and a midfielder on the team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He's a great author. He wrote The Skulls. Do you like his books?
Yes it was in English.
Is it the book you're interested in?
Haaaa! Haaaa is a very good book.
I'm not a big fan of the Houston Rockets, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the NFC North division.
Yes, Voltaire wrote The Secret Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Name of the Wind.
It's a musical theater. Do you like musical theater?
Yes, I would recommend The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Winnie the Pooh is a children's literature written by Winnie the Pooh. Do you like children's literature?
He sure is! He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Liverpool. Do you like soccer?
Yes it is in Goodson Park.
They are coached by Fernando Hierro and Jose Mourinho. Do you like them?
Real Madrid C.F. is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not a huge fan of American football, but I do enjoy watching football. Do you?
Sure! Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like the author because it is a Speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I will do that right away!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
It is a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
yes, he wrote .  and .
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have Spanish versions but it was written in Spanish.
you're welcome
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
They did. They have a good season. They have a good season.
I'm not sure who coaches the Mets, but I do know they're owned by Fred Wilpon.
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not a big football fan, but I do know he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
I don't really know much about Kanas City Chiefs, but I do know he was born in San Francisco.
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom and was released in 1999.
Yes, she is a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Bodyguard?
She wrote Trace and Trace. She also wrote Apocalypse Now.
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Lasseter?
Yes, he is, and also a writer as well.
Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, which was released in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891.
It's a Non-Believer. It was released 1891.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but Jamel Debbouze also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a horror film.
You're welcome!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Princess Mononoke which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is an English film.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I haven't. Isn't he from Ireland? I'm a huge golf fan.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. I love his music!
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a sci-fi movie?
It is a sci-fi adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any other information on that, but I can tell you more about the movie if you like.
Great, have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like District 9 because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
The Neon Demon is a thriller, similar to District 9 and District 9 which is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Did you know she was born in Nashville?
Yes, that's true. Did you know he won the BNC Award?
I'm more of a pop rock fan myself.
I'm not sure about that, but I can check it for you if you like.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Fiery Cross was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's also considered Speculative fiction.
Edward Jones wrote a lot of books. He also wrote Speculative fiction and Speculative fiction, such as; The Lost Symbol and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you read those?
He also wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
The Hangover Part II is a comedy. Have you seen Old School?
I don't know much about Kyrie Ivring, but Kyrie Ivring is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great movie written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like it?
I haven't read it yet, but I've heard it's a great book.
She sure did! She also wrote Winter Garden as well.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe.
Yes he wrote it in Spanish
I am going to add it to my list.
There are many books in English such as Two Principe and II Principe
Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like Pete Docter?
She has written The Mists of Avalon which is a drama film.
It is a Thriller
Have you seen The Matrix? It is a Family movie.
You're welcome
They are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
J.K. Simmons was the runner up
Hardaway was drafted by the New York Knicks and was released in 1994
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
Do you like The Gunslinger because it was written by Stephen King?
Mr. Slinger was released in 1996.
You're welcome!
Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller?
It's a crime movie. Do you like crime movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was produced by Stephen King
I'm not a big fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know they are in the AFC West division. Do you like them?
I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of the Browns, but I do know Randy Lerner is a former coach.
I'm not much of a fan of the Browns. I'm not a big fan of the Browns.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like that movie?
He also wrote Insomnia and Insomnia
It's about a man who lives in a deserted desert.
I am not sure but he also wrote
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Charles Dickens.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you that Saulius Dagys was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Transformers: Dark of the Moon stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Predators is also a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now?
Insurgent is a sci-fi action film directed by Veronica Roth. Do you like that actor?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Billie Letts also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
I don't know, but he also wrote Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
Yes, she was in Too Big to Fail as well as Sex and the City.
Yes, he was. He was also in Too Big to Fail, which is a great movie.
William Hurt also starred in Too Big to Fail, which is a drama film.
He's a great actor. Did you know he's a writer and a musician?
Yes, he starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Do you like crime genre?
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
The Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Avengers movies?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I like soccer and football. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't really know much but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, Outlander was written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
Yes, Outlander was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a great Sci-Fi book.
Xeneocide was also written by Orson Scott Card and was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee?
Yes, it was dealing with acial injustice. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Go Set a Watchman? It is a drama.
You're welcome
They are a great soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I don't really know much about it, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I think he's a great actor. He's also a musician and a musician.
Sure, One for the Money was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird
The Princess Diaries was written by Anne Hathaway, who also wrote A Princess Diaries.
Yes, she did write Twilight.
Yes, it is part of the series.
You're welcome
Inside Out was written by Tony Tanner and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Well, she was also in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a romantic comedy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a great day!
Jeff Garlin starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like his acting?
Yes, she has a tv show called The People of Sparks. Have you seen it?
She has been in a lot of movies. She has been in a number of movies, including The Women of Brewster Place, and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Well, he directed The Maze Runner. It's a historical drama.
I don't know much about him in that movie, but I do know he was influenced by William H. Macy.
Yes, he directed it and he also directed it.
Mr & Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
If you like Brad Pitt, you should check out The Matrix. It's a great movie.
Donnie Darko was written by Richard Kelly. It's a drama film. Do you like drama films?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Box.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Tony Tanner who also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not sure, but I can read Tower of Dawn and Queen of Shadows.
Well, if you like that, you might also like The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Gothika is a mystery movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like mystery movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like The Proposal because it's a thriller?
She starred in The Proposal and also in The Proposal.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Paper Towns written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, he wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read them?
It's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome!
Do you like Outlander because it's a science fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2010.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1932.
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell and released in 2013.
Yes, she wrote Landline. She also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
They are Romance and Drama.
You are welcome!
Yes, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in it. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but if you like family movies, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life.
Isn't she a tennis player?
I like Serena better better than Serena. Venus was great in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hair Show is a Comedy. It's a great show.
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like his movies?
Yes, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Nicholas Cage, Kristen Connolly and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars, by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass?
Yes, it's a series. It's part of a series.
Yes, you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
Rebecca was written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like Romantic Novels?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Case Keenum was the coach for the Denver Broncos. Do you like Denver Broncos?
Brad Pitt is their coach. Do you like him?
I like basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. Do you like basketball?
He's a great player. He's a great player. I'm a huge fan of his.
Yes, Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Andrés Iniesta is also on the Spain national football team.
Yes, he is at the home stadium.
Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
It is a young adult fiction, similar to A Wind in the Door.
Have you read A Wind in the Door? They are both science fiction books.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. Is there anything else I can help with?
I do, he is a very talented singer. Did you know he was born in San Francisco?
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
No I haven't. Is that the one you've heard of?
Sure, he wrote The Phantom Tollbooth and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
He's a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
I don't know much about the Wildcats, but I do know they are part of the National Football League.
Yes, Woody also starred in a movie called X-Men.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Do you like his work?
Yes, Micmacs is a crime film. Do you like that genre?
Zulu stars Roberto Orci. It's a crime film.
You're welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and is a young adult fiction.
He has also written Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read that one?
No, I haven't read them, but they are both great reads.
What My Mother Doesn't Know was released in 2005.
It was written by Emily Bront and is a Speculative fiction.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility.
I'm not sure, but Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Do you like his movies?
I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mystery movie.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Scarlett Johansson. It is a great mystery movie.
Sure, I will do that. Enjoy!
