Do you like the movie because it's a action/adventure film?
It's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie.
That's a great movie! It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Action/Adventure movie.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it's part of a series.
you are welcome
Yes, there's Something About Mary is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sarah Silverman starred in What's Up in the Woods. It's a romantic comedy
I'm sorry I don't know who else starred in it.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Are you familiar with her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote A Christmas Carol. Have you read that?
yes she did. she also wrote The Moon and More.
you are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Don Cheadle starred in The Fault in Our Stars as well as in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Guard is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it is a comedy Thriller starring Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He is on the India national cricket team, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know a whole lot about cricket. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Mike Newell directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
I think he's a great basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays point guard.
I don't know much about basketball but I know Steph Curry is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about football but I do know Steph Curry is a basketball player. Who is your favorite?
That's great. I think he's a great player.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know he is a Midfielder as well.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi action/adventure film.
I'm not sure, but it is a Sci-Fi/Drama.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Wild Geese is a Romance film. Other movies in that genre include The Looking Glass Wars, and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it. Is it a drama/mystery?
I haven't seen the Pledge yet, but I haven't seen The Pledge yet.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed this means War. Have you seen it?
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and was released in 2004.
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall and This Means War.
Great! You may want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Kate Winslet.
Yes, it is a horror film. If you like horror films, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October, which is a drama.
Sure! He starred in The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen either of those?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a science fiction film directed by William Friedkin. Would you like to know more about his work?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by Fitzgerald Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Then you might like The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Surgeon is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Do you like the clockwork princess because it's a Romance novel?
I'm not sure, but it is a young-adult fiction book. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadows of Athena.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who starred in Unforgiven but I know it was written by Rick Riordan.
Clint Eastwood is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I think you will enjoy it.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I love Madonna. Did you know she starred in a romantic relationship with Madonna?
I don't know much about RocknRolla, but I do know he was a singer/songwriter.
Yes, he did. He is a great actor. I think he was a great actor. I think he was a great actor.
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't know much about him.
Yes he did. He is a very good Cricket player.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her work because it is a drama?
what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls is starring Amy Poehler. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Mean Girls. Anything else i can answer for you?
I know they are a sports team. Are you a sports fan?
Yes I am a Dodgers fan. Do you like the Dodgers?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Good Girl and The Good Girl. Have you seen those?
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes it was released in 2010
You are welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken and Taken. Have you seen those?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Taken 3
I'm not sure who stars in Taken but it is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know if he's overrated Mike McCarthy. I'm not sure if he's overrated but he's overrated.
I agree. Aaron Rodgers is a great player. I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers.
Iron Man is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping and many others?
Yes. George Clooney wrote Good Night, and he also wrote The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz. Do you like his work because it's speculative fiction?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Odd Thomas is part of a series. It's part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
Do you like Treasure Island because it's speculative fiction or because it's a mystery?
Then you might like Treasure Island. It's a fiction.
You are welcome
I think he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about him but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know what kind of music do you like? Is there anything else I can help you with?
Something Borrowed is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes. Where We Belong was released in 2012. Do you like romance novels?
Then you might also like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
Groundhog Day was written by Steven Spielberg. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure if he starred in a movie, but he also starred in a movie called The Good Girl.
I don't know if he wrote Year One, but he also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama.
Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. It's a drama.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I think he is a composer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
yes he is
Yes, he is a very talented person
Yes, he is a great singer
That's a great book. Did you know there's Something About Mary was written by Frank McCourt?
Do you like Ben Stiller because it is a romantic comedy?
I'm not sure about Matt Dillion but it is a Romantic Comedy.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West which is speculative fiction
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
It was written by George Orwell and was released in 1945. Are you interested in other books by him?
Then you might like The House of the Seven Gables. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Temple of My Familiar was released in 1910
The genre is fiction
You are welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Drama/Mystery movie?
If you like mystery, you might also like World War Z. Have you seen that one yet?
Lady Vengeance is starring Katharine McPhee and Kate Winslet.
Sure, she starred in a lot of thriller movies. She also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in The Ice Storm. Have you seen it?
He produced a lot of great films. He was also a director, director, and screenwriter. He was a director.
Woody Allen wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read those?
I don't know much about Zsa Gabor, but if you like Woody Allen, you may want to check out Zoe's Tale.
Touch of Evil is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jurassic Park is a sci-fi thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he directed Jurassic World. He also directed Jurassic World 2.
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler. Is he a golfer?
Rickie Fowler is a golfer right? I don't know much about golf.
That's right. I think Adam Sandler is in it too. I like golf too.
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor is a fantasy book.
Yes, The Silmarillion is a fantasy book. You might also like The Lord of the Rings.
Wes Craven starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
If you like horror, you should check out My Soul to Take. It's a great movie!
Yes, he's a great actor. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you a fan of The Lost World: Jurassic Park because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like sci-fi, you might want to check out Zombieland. It's a science fiction film.
I think you'll like the first one, then.
Bob Peck starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a nationality of his films. Surviving Picasso is considered a nationality.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
The Little Prince is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great football player but I don't know much about him. Do you like football?
I didn't know he was in Stuck on You. Did you know he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada?
I didn't know he was in that one too. I think he was in The Devil Wears Prada.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Bruce Willis.
He also starred in the movie A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Alien is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Avengers. It's a great series.
It's a series of horror movies. It's part of a series of horror movies. It's part of the series.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Saw III is a sci-fi movie starring Kevin Dillon.
I hope you enjoy it!
Alice Braga starred in  [Z no shmetsu] and  [Z no shmetsu].
Repo Men is written by Robert Mark Kamen.
Eric Garcia also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama.
Brett Helquist is a writer. He wrote The Pallbearer. Have you read it?
The End is a fantasy novel written by Brett Helquist and is part of a series
Sure, Lemony Snicket wrote The End and The Grim Grotto
Yes, he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes he has a son, he is a singer/songwriter.
No I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the info!
Will do! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Windtalkers is a drama. Warrior is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure who stars in Windtalkers, but it's a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great football player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for Barcelona.
I don't know much about football but I do know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan?
I haven't been to a long time but if I've been to a few games, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the series was written by J.K. Rowling.
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the Harry Potter series. Jack Thorne also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I'm not sure, but I know Warpaint is the team color.
They are part of the NFC West. Are you a fan of them?
Eoin Colfer wrote Theoin Colfer. It is speculative fiction.
Yes, it was released in 2008 and the genre is fantasy.
Yes that is a great read. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
Yeah, he's a great singer. Do you know he's a singer?
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he's from the United States of America.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I'm not sure if they have any games in the NBA, but I do know they are part of the NBA. They are part of the NBA.
It was the final match against the Timberwolves yesterday.
Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen those?
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written in English and is in English.
Yes, it is very old. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like fantasy, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy.
I would suggest The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, he is a midfielder who plays for the Dortmund team.
I haven't seen it. Is it a Romance/Comedy?
A Corn of Thorns and Roses was written by Virginia Woolf. Are you interested in children's literature?
She wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is speculative fiction.
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can do to help
You are welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Terminator. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure when it came out, but it's a romantic comedy.
Titanic came out in 2013 and stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
You are welcome
Yes, it is a great romance novel written by Madame Bovary. Do you like romance novels?
Then you might like Welcome to the Monkey House. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know that Venus is a professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure if Stefi Graff is better known as Martina Navritalova. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure if she was a female tennis player but I know she was born in San Francisco.
Yes, she is a Korean professional golfer born in Honolulu.
That's right. Did you know she won the U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links?
That's amazing! I hope you enjoy it!
Sylvia Day wrote My Soul to Take. Have you heard of that one?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance novel by Sylvia Day.
I don't know, but Sylvia Day also wrote Reflected in You, Have you read it?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read that one yet?
The Handmaid Tale is a speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Do you like the book because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi. Have you read it?
Yes, Ignite Me was released in 2014 and was released in English.
Great! The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R Martin and was released in 2014 and is a science fiction novel.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars by George R.R. Martin.
You're welcome!
Wally Lamb wrote Wally Lamb. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marc Forster directed The Lord of the Rings series. Have you seen that one yet?
Machine Gun Preacher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Pattinson starred in Neverland.
I'm not sure but it is a drama.
Sure! Enjoy!
You are welcome.
Yes, John Knowles wrote A Separate Peace which is a historical novel.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Emma is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
Yes, you might like The Witching Hour. It's a historical novel.
Jane Austen wrote Wuthering Heights, which is a historical novel.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Okay, you might like The Giver. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a romantic comedy or because it is a romantic comedy?
Yes, it is a great movie!
You are welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
If you haven't seen Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, you may want to check out the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote The Making of Star Wars. Have you read that one yet?
Sure, it was released in 2011 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Aylmer Maude wrote мерт вана илиа.
Anna Karenina wrote нна аренина, and нна аренина.
You're welcome!
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke is a writer, director and director. He wrote The Dark Knight.
The main star in Red Riding Hood is Nicholas Cage.
I don't have any information on anything else she directed, but I can tell you more about her work.
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. Football team.
I don't know much about him except that he is a Midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a top tier player as well.
I haven't seen him in a long time but I know he is a great actor. I think he is a great actor.
Yes he was. He is a great actor. I think he was also a writer and a musician.
Yes he has starred in a lot of great films. I think you'll like The Good Girl and The Good Girl.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple and was released in 2012.
That's a great book. Did you know she was born in London?
I'll add it now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote The Wedding which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Sure! Torment is a science fiction novel that was released in 2010. It's a fantasy novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is a professional Carroll Carroll. He was born in Santa Monica, California. Do you like him?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Looking Glass. Have you seen it?
The Rum Diary is a children's movie starring Johnny Depp. It's a children's movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know any of their current players, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal
You are welcome!
Sure! Lauren Oliver has written a few books, such as What's Your Number, and The Gift. Have you read those?
Sure. She wrote a lot of thrillers. You may want to check out The Terminator. It's a thriller.
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is written by David Silverman. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
I'm not sure, but if you like David Silverman, you might like The Simpsons Movie.
You're welcome!
I am not a huge cricket fan but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
Yes, he was an author too. I think he was a scientist too.
Yes, that is a great movie! It stars Orlando Bloom and is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, he also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I do! The Death Cure is a Sci-Fi novel written by james Dashner.
The Death Cure is written by Rick Riordan. It is a science fiction novel.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, he starred in a TV show called The Time Traveler's Wife.
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but he also starred in The Looking Glass Wars.
Mike Starr starred in The Polar Express. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Grindhouse was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also starred in The Dark Knight. Have you seen it?
Death Proof is about a murderer who has been involved in a film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Katy Perry is a great singer. Do you like her music?
John Carpenter starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
The Dirty Dozen also starred Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom.
You might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is a tennis player.
I think Serena is better than Serena. I think Serena is better than Serena.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he is a midfielder. He is also a midfielder.
I don't follow soccer much. I am more of a football fan.
Home Alone is a speculative fiction book written by John Steinbeck. Do you like that genre?
It's a great comedy. The sequel to Home Alone is The Alchemy. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know much about his music but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
I am not a huge fan of her music but I do know that Selena Gomez is friends with Selena Gomez.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Frank Beddor. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure, but it's part of the series by Lewis Carroll.
Yes, she wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen those?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
You might also like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You are welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a Mystery?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a science fiction film
Rohit Sharma is an athlete. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete. He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he is still playing for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about Nagpur. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
The Doors of Perception was originally published in 1856.
Yes, Jim Morrison is the band name of The Doors of Perception.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Hampton has written a lot of great books. The most popular one is The Titan's Curse, which is a suspense novel.
Atonement is a suspense/mystery film.
I don't know a lot about thrillers. Is that something you'd like to know?
You're welcome!
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a drama
The Thirteenth Floor starred Tom Hanks
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
The Help is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, she's a great actor. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
Yes, he starred in the animation film. Do you like animation?
I know she starred in a lot of movies, but I don't know much about her. Do you like her music?
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it's a drama.
Yes, The Client is a young-adult fiction book written by Jeffrey Eugenides.
The Client is a drama, do you like dramas?
The Client is a thriller, it is also a movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Are you a football fan?
I know he plays for the Argentina national football team but I don't know much about him
I like football
I don't know much about baseball but I do know he is a baseball player
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a Packer
I don't know much about them. Is they a soccer team?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree. They have a good season.
The Time Traveler's Wife is written by Frank Beddor. Do you like his work because it is speculative fiction?
The Time Traveler's Wife is a mystery novel.
You are welcome!
You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
It is written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by Virginia Woolf.
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in a movie called Me Maybe. Did you see it?
No, I didn't know that! Is that a reality show?
I agree, I love that song too. I think she was a great artist.
Yes, he starred in What's Up in the Woods. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in The Others, but it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Mark Overstall also wrote Madame Bovary. Are you familiar with this author?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, if you like romance you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House.
He also wrote Madame Bovary, which is a romance novel.
He also wrote Madame Bovary, which is a romance novel.
It's a romance novel. Gustave Flaubert also wrote Madame Bovary.
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series by Gustave Flaubert if you like fiction.
You're welcome!
Tom Clancy has been in a while. He's been in a while. He's been involved in a lot of movies. He's been around a while. He's been around a while.
He wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a new book. It was released in 2013.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2009
He wrote The Road to El Dorado, which is a satire.
Yes, you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is a great one.
Cormac McCarthy is the author of the book. If you like Gothic fiction you may want to check out Your Heart Belongs to Me.
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote Jane Eyre. It's a romance novel.
I'm not sure about that, but it's a great book.
You're welcome!
Yes, Shot by the Taliban was written by Malala Yousafzai.
I don't have any other pieces of work by him, but I can tell you that Paulo Coelho wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Maktub has a genre of Speculative Fiction.
I don't know if he is an author but he was a teacher.
I think he is playing for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like basketball?
I do like basketball. I am a Bulls fan. What sport do you like?
I like Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers fan?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and was released in 1988. Are you familiar with his work?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. He also wrote The Alchemist.
I'll add it to your reading list.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It's a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
You are welcome!
Sarah J Maas wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Sarah also wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade.
I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction novel written by Scott Osborn. Are you interested in science fiction?
Kodi also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes, Dead Europe is a Action/Adventure film. It is also a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome!
Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Manchurian Candidate. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
The movie This Is The End is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Interview is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. Are you familiar with his work?
Charles Frazier has written a number of great books, such as The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
Thirteen Moons is a novel that was released in 1847. It is a historical fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Jerry Jones starred in The Cowboys. Did you know Jerry Jones also starred in The Cowboys?
Yes he was. Zach Galifianakis is a reality show.
Bruce Almighty is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Bruce Almighty is starring Steve Carell as Steve Carell. It is a Sci-Fi action/Adventure film.
I'm not sure but it's a romantic comedy.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
It's a Sci-Fi/Adventure/Adventure/Adventure/Adventure/Comedy/Drama.
Annette Bening also starred in a movie called The Time Traveler's Wife.
The Kids Are All Right is a drama/mystery.
You are welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Quentin Tarantino wrote Pulp Fiction. He also wrote Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Tina Fey wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tate Taylor starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Yes! Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up.
Yes, she starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
Inception is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and The Last Jedi.
Indiana Jones is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
It's a drama. Harrison Ford also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
The book is based on a fiction novel written by Paula McLain. Do you like fiction?
Paula McLain has written a number of great books. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but if you like children's films she has starred in The Matrix, The Matrix and The Matrix.
That's a great children's film. You should check it out.
John Milius also wrote The Little Friend and The Little Friend. Have you seen either of those?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
Yes, he starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed I and II.
Sure! Gustave Flaubert wrote a book called The Godfather. Have you read it?
He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2004. I hope you enjoy it!
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Stieg Larsson starred in The Matrix. Are you familiar with that movie?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read those?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read those?
I know that Margery Williams Bianco wrote The Velveteen Rabbit. Are you a fan of his work?
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature written by William Nicholson. Other books in the same genre are The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Witching Hour.
The Giver is written by William H. Macy and is a children's literature.
I think he's a good football player. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but I do know Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I haven't. I'm a big fan of Aaron Rodgers. He's a great quarterback.
I'm not sure if that was the case, but the Bills were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The genre is speculative fiction
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure! Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University and starred in Monsters Inc.
Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, which is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Book of Eliathan. Are you familiar with it?
It's a historical fiction.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
Yes, he is a very talented artist. I think he is a great artist
I think I will have to check out some of his music. I think he is a great artist.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about this author?
Then you might also enjoy The Secret Life of Bees by Truman Capote.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan. It is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biographical novel. Do you like biographical films?
Walk the Line is a science fiction novel that was released in 2004. It's a great book.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is a historical fiction novel written by Mark Twain.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is friends with Selena Gomez
I don't know much of her music but I do know that Taylor Swift is a singer too.
I like Shakira too. I like her music. What about you?
Yes, she starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
White Squall stars Matt Damon and it is a horror film.
Coming of Age is a horror film starring Matt Damon. Do you like horror films?
No I am not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote a lot of great books. Do you like books by Charles Dickens?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is a posthumous paper written by Charles Dickens.
I don't know, but I know he was influenced by William H. Macy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! John Grogan wrote The World According to Garp, which is speculative fiction.
Yes, Marley & me was written by John Grogan. He also starred in Marley & me.
Do you like Scream because it's a Thriller?
Yes, I have a lot of horror movies. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
It's a horror movie. It's starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
I do! Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2.
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Experiment.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Redbelt.
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare and was released in 2014. Do you like her work?
The Mortal Instrument Series is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I'm sure you will like it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Isn't he a table tennis player from China? I don't know much about him.
I didn't know he was a table tennis player. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know much about Michael Phelps, but I do know he is a table tennis player. What about you?
You're welcome!
Yes, Bobby Farrelly starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know who else is in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Skulls also stars Bruce Willis. Do you like him?
You are welcome!
They are a German football club based in Munich. Are you a fan of soccer?
It is a German football team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
Yes, he is
I think he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a fan of cricket?
Sure, he starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
It stars Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones Greta
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Christmas Blessing and The Tourist.
The Tourist is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I am not sure who starred in The Tourist but The Lives of Others is a thriller.
It was released in 2004. It is a great movie.
The Tourist was written by Frank Beddor. It is a historical fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that the team is part of the NBA. Are you a fan?
I agree he's a great point guard. He's a point guard too.
That's great. I think he's a great player as well.
Jane Eyre wrote Jane Eyre. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Jane Eyre is a Romance novel. Michael Mason also wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me).
You might enjoy The Time Machine.
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I like basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I didn't know he is Canadian. What sport do you like?
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is Speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
A Million Little Pieces is a science fiction novel written by James Dashner. Are you familiar with his work?
The authoi is a dystopian novel by James Frey. James Frey has written a number of books including A Million Little Pieces.
James Frey has directed many great films such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes, Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. The Winter's tale was released in 1600
Yes. The Winter's Tale is part of a series.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he is a midfielder as well as a midfielder as well.
I am a fan of American football but I don't know much about American football. What sport do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
No I didn't know she won that award.
That's true. Did you know she starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe?
Do you like the movie Jaws because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You are welcome.
Isabelle Nanty starred in Amelie. Have you seen it?
Amelie is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Amelie is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he starred in The Maze Runner. Have you seen it?
The skulls is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The skulls is a suspense film and a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is a Psychological Thriller starring Craig T. Nelson, it is a suspense movie
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a Psychological Thriller.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football but I do know the team is coached by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
I like football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
I like Linkin Park because it's a Christian band. Do you like Christian band?
Somewhere I Belong is a hip hop and hip hop song. Do you like hip hop?
I haven't heard of some of their music but I do know Shadow of the Day is a rock band. Do you like rock?
I don't know much about football, but I do know the Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football team based in Philadelphia
They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I didn't know the Patriots beat the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXVIII. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about this author?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it was based on the true story of a true story.
Sure! Did you like Tom Skerritt because it is a fantasy or a comedy?
Yes, it is a sci-fi/fantasy movie starring Matt Damon.
Another comedy you might like is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of basketball. I'm more of a Steelers fan.
I like basketball. I'm more of a Steelers fan.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Kevin Costner. Do you like him?
Sure! Mila Kunis is a writer, director, and director. She's been involved in a lot of movies.
It's a great movie! It's funny that he also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he was also in The Birdcage. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. It stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
Troy Garity also stars Orlando Bloom. He's a great actor.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it's a sci-fi movie?
Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class.
Waiting is a coming of age film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
True Grit is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! He starred in True Grit, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he's in it, but if you like action, he's a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was directed by John Boyhood. Are you familiar with his work?
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Confused was released in 2014 and is a Mystery film.
You're welcome!
King Kong is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
It's classified as Sci-Fi and Thriller/Drama.
Yes, you might like The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if it's good, but it's a sci-fi movie.
I don't know much about them except that they are a sports team. Are they a sports team?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about the Steelers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Evan Goldberg wrote The Terminator. It's a sci-fi/adventure film.
Yes, The End starred Tom Hanks and Seth Rogen. Are you familiar with these actors?
Yes! Channing Tatum starred in This is the End as well as The Interview.
He also starred in The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else starred in the Vow. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is a science fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like science fiction?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in The Dark Knight. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
You may want to check out The Manchurian Candidate which is a thriller.
Sure! She starred in The Lion King. Have you seen it?
The Lion King is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, Hancock is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like comedies?
Will Smith also starred in a romantic comedy called The Hunt for Red October.
I, Robot is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
I'll play it now.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Manchester United F.C?
I don't follow much football, but I know Fabio Capello is a midfielder as well.
I like football. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he's a great actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like their music?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are from South Korea and they are from South Korea. Is that your favorite country?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Welcome to the Punch.
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a speculative fiction.
You are welcome!
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert Pattinson starred in the Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an author. He wrote The Pallbearer. Have you read it?
I don't know what movie he starred in, but I know he is a songwriter.
Yes, he is a composer and a musician. He was also a musician.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ziggy Marley starred in The Hunger Games, which is a drama.
Sure! Epatha Merkerson starred in The Pathfinder. Have you seen it?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a science fiction film.
He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Steven D. Levitt is a screenwriter and director. He's a screenwriter. Have you heard of him?
Stephen J. Dubner is a great author. I think you'll enjoy it.
I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great one. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! Edgar Wright wrote The Great Gatsby which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, and Scott Pilgrim vs. Scott Pilgrim is science fiction.
Yes, he's great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Coldplay is a band based in Nashville. Are you a fan of their music?
The Escapist is a science fiction film starring Will Ferrell
Yes i do you know any other music by Coldplay
Laini Taylor wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read those?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was written by Laini Taylor and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure when it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure what position he plays for but I know he was born in Oakland.
I haven't seen him either. Is he a point guard?
Quentin Tarantino starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been involved in a lot of things. He's been in a lot of movies.
Grinhouse is a Sci-Fi/Action/Adventure film written by Rob Zombie. It's a Thriller.
Sure! He starred in The Matrix, which is an action movie. Have you seen it?
Do you like Big Fish because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Kenny Ortega also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, I can help you with that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it also starred Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Kevin McNally. Do you like any of those actors?
The Powerpuff Girls Movie is a drama, do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
The Nets are a basketball team, but the Nets are a basketball team.
That's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like action movies you should check out Transformers: The Return of the Jedi.
It is a Sci-Fi action movie starring Tom Hanks. It is a action movie. Do you like action?
Do you like it because it's a romance or a romance?
Voyager is a Romance novel, is that what you mean by Voyager?
Yes, it is a Romance novel as well as Speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know she is a tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Serena Williams but I know Serena is a tennis player from Mumbai.
I haven't seen them but I hope they have a good career
Sure, he starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Looking for Richard is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a thriller.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Yes, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know any of the lyrics. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was released in 2010
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in The Ramirez. Have you seen it?
Yes, Zero Dark Thirty is a great crime fiction movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Rob Riggle starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy-drama starring Tom Hanks. It is a comedy.
Sure. You might like The Other Guys, which is a comedy.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read it?
Water for Elephants is a romantic comedy about a young man who wants to save a child. It's a great movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, Linklater also starred in a movie called The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome!
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to know more books by her?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome
Sure! The Social Network is a Social Network starring Tom Hanks. It's a Social Network. It's a Social Network.
The film stars Matt Damon and Brad Pitt. Do you like those actors?
Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network, Max Minghella, and The Social Network.
You are welcome
Yes, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield. Do you like his work?
Jeremy Tambling is a great author. He wrote a lot of books. I think you might like The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you read them?
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. He wrote a lot of great books. You may want to check out some of his other works.
John Carpenter starred in The Matrix. Are you familiar with that movie?
The Fog is a science fiction film starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Escape from New York is a science fiction film. It's a great movie!
Lord of the Rings is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like fantasy books?
Women in Love was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Lord of the Rings.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Matrix is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan are some of the actors
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
If you like science fiction, you might also like The Wrinkle in Time. Have you read it?
Yes. The Maze Runner is an older book. It's also a science fiction novel.
If you like young-adult fiction, you might like The Maze Runner. It's part of a series.
I'm not sure what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Mumbai Indians. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a Thriller. It is a drama.
Swarup was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Aidan Turner starred in The Matrix. Are you familiar with that movie?
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit.
Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is Speculative fiction
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie
The Golden Compass is directed by Steven Spielberg
The BFG is a speculative fiction book written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like that genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale, or Z for Zachariah.
Yes, it is speculative fiction and is part of a series.
Yes, The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes. Donna Tartt also wrote The Secret History.
Yes. Dinna Tartt has a place in the United States of America.
You are welcome!
Me Before You is a young adult fiction book written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Ship of Brides is a great book, have you read it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He also wrote Paper Towns. It's a great book.
I'm not sure what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sure you will like it. Is there anything else I can help with?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
F. Scott Fitzgerald has written a number of fictional novels. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome!
Tim Miller starred in The Matrix, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, The Goon is a great movie. The Goon is a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
The Goon is a great movie, have you seen The Goon 2?
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Pan's Labyrinth. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is an English movie.
Pan's Labyrinth is a Spanish movie. Guillermo del Toro is a thriller.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Lord of the Rings. Have you read it?
Yes he did and George Carlin also starred in The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide
I didn't know Michael York wrote the Vampire Chronicles but I do know that Michael York also wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes, he wrote  and it was released in 1985.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. Is it speculative fiction?
I do like dramas. Did you know Francis Ford Coppola produced The Godfather Part II?
Robert Duvall is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Into the Wild was directed by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild was directed by him.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also wrote Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in a movie called The Titans?
He directed The King's Speech. Have you seen it?
Les Miserables is a romantic comedy, do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know a whole lot about her. I think she's a good singer. Do you like her?
I haven't heard much of her music but if I'm not mistaken he's a celebrity.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a German football team based in Munich. Are you a fan?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you familiar with his work?
They have won a lot of World Cups. Do you like them?
The Maze Runner is a young-adult fiction written by James Dashner. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The Gods of Atuan. Have you read it?
The God of Small Things is a young-adult fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Secret Life of Bees was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or genre?
It's a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan.
the music in the secret life of bees
She wrote Dracula. Have you read it?
Dracula is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dracula is written by Nina Auerbach. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like any other teams?
Yes, he owns the Cowboys. Jerry Jones also owns the Texans.
Julian Glover starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
It came out in 2007 and is a romantic comedy.
Sure! Wuthering Heights is a historical period drama that was released in 2003.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
Yes, The Waves was also released in 1931 and is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams.
What sport do you like? I don't know much about basketball.
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
It is written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989.
I don't know what else was released in 1989. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Avengers is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
It was released in 2010
You're welcome
Crazy, Stupid Love is a Stupid, Love movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like romance, you may want to check out The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
He is American. He was born in Houston and was born in Houston.
The Dead Zone is speculative fiction
He has starred in a lot of movies like The Dead Zone and The Stand
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a great movie
Tom Hanks starred in What's Up in the Air, which is a romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do is a popular one. He also starred in The Simpsons.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it is a mystery as well as a mystery.
It does star Pierre Perrier. He also starred in the Harry Potter series, The Return of the Living Dead.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know the Seahawks are part of the NFC South.
Yes, they are too noisy and they have a lot of problems with the Staples Center.
Stargirl is a young-adult fiction written by John Green and was released in 2010.
Yes! Jerry Spinelli also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a great read.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a good athlete?
That's right. I don't know much about Rafael Nadal. Are you a tennis fan?
I agree. He's better than Roger Federer.
Mary GrandPre is a great author. Other books in that genre include The Shadows of Olympus. Have you read that?
Yes. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did. Big Little Lies is a Speculative fiction.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I haven't been following them a long time since they have done
I am not a huge fan of him but I do know he's a good coach
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Stan Lee also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Michael Caine. Do you like them?
Sure! She wrote The Cross and Switchblade and God's Smuggler. Have you read those?
The Hiding Place has a genre of Tragicomedy. It's a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Noah Emmerich starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, Noah Emmerich also starred in a movie called "Warrior".
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Phil Lord directed Cloudy with a Chance of Fleischballs.
I don't know who starred in it but Phil Lord starred in The Lego Movie.
I'm not sure, but he was also in The Wedding Date.
You're welcome!
It was written by Sean Penn. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like World War Z, it is a Sci-Fi movie.
Zombieland is starring Tom Hanks, Tom Everett, and Steve Carell.
War of the Worlds was released in 2004
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
I haven't read any other books by Anita Diamant, but if you haven't read The Last Days of Dogtown is a good read.
You're welcome!
A Little Princess is a children's literature written by Little Prince. Do you like children's literature?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
A Farewell to Arms is a novel written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like his work?
A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel, would you like to know about other Fiction novels?
To Have and Have Not is a Fiction Novel which is also a Fiction Novel which is also a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Charlie Cox is starring in this movie
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I like Linkin Park because it's a Christian band. Do you like Christian band?
Green Lantern is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it's a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes. Olivia Williams starred in Seven Sons. She also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Sure! Jean-pierre jeunet wrote The Sea of Monsters. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in Micmacs.
I don't know when he started his career. Isn't he a comedian?
You are welcome.
The Ocean at the End of thelane is written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gaiman books?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You are welcome!
Robert Pattinson starred in No Country for Old Men.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in The Hunger Games. Would you like to hear more about him?
Robert Pattinson directed that movie.
The Dictator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It's an action/adventure film. It's a war film.
Yes, it is a spy genre. You might also like Zombieland.
You're welcome!
Me Before You is written by J.J. Abrams.
I don't know any other books by Jojo Moyes, but if you haven't read Me Before You you may want to check out Me Before You.
You're welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he was the only writer for the Three Musketeers.
The Count of Monte Cristo is a French novel that is similar to The Count of Monte Cristo
You are welcome!
Mark Haddon wrote The Gods of Athena. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like sci-fi?
No I haven't seen it but if you like Peter Capaldi you should check out The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote White Oleander which is Speculative fiction.
Yes. The Great Gilly Hopkins has a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome!
The Hunger Games is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee. It's a sci-fi thriller.
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely.
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of murder mystery.
You're welcome!
The Matrix Reloaded is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might enjoy The Matrix. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. He's a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
Yes, she did win the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded.
I haven't seen Bound yet, but I do know that Lana Wachowski directed Bound. They are both romances.
Yes, it is a great movie. I think you'll like it.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
That's right! Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was written by Richelle Mead and is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
Vampire Academy is written by Richelle Mead, it is a young-adult novel.
Yes, he wrote Vampire Academy, have you read it?
Mission Impossible is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you like it because it's a Fantasy or Adventure?
Sure! Do you like movies starring Will Ferrell? He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Will Ferrell starred in The Lego Movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Tom Skerritt. Do you like Tom Skerritt because he starred in it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like Ted?
You're welcome!
Yes, Maruice Hindle wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you read those?
I haven't read anything by Maurice Hindle but I know it was released in 1818 and is a Romance novel.
Yes they were both written in English and was released in 1818.
I do! Gustave Flaubert wrote a book called  [Z no shmetsu]. Have you read it?
It was released in 1847. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856.
I know they are a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
I don't know much about football but I know the Cowboys are coached by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a professional basketball player.
Toy Story is a sequel to Toy Story.
Toy Story 3 is starring Tim Allen and Tim Allen. Tim Allen also starred in Toy Story 3.
I'm sorry I don't know much about Tom Hanks, but I can tell you more about Tom Hanks.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Miami Heat.
I'm not sure if he's a basketball player, but if he's a point guard, he's a point guard.
I like basketball. I'm more of a Red Sox fan. What sport do you like?
Blade Runner is a sci-fi thriller, and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like those actors?
William Sanderson also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
It's a great movie. It's more of a Sci-Fi movie. It's more of a sci-fi movie.
Bood Diamond stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
He's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in a movie called The World of Ice and Fire?
Yes, he starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Titanic."
Sure! James Nesbitt starred in What's Up in the Air, which is a romantic comedy.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Way is adapted as a drama. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Roger Bart also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
I like psychological thrillers. Do you like those types of movies?
The fifth element is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like science fiction, you might like The Avengers. It's Sci-Fi.
You're welcome
Yes, I am familiar with her work. I love her music. What about you?
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
I like Lady Gaga too. I think she's a great singer.
Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read it?
It's a speculative fiction novel. It's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but it's in English. Is there anything else I can help with?
Anita Diamant wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
It is speculative fiction
Anita Diamant has written a lot of different genres including Speculative fiction
You are welcome
The Untouchables is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Untouchables is a science fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
The Godfather trilogy is a science fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
It's a great movie! It's a Romance/Comedy.
You are welcome!
I have not seen Silence but I know it was written by Natalie Portman. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but it is a drama
Yes, you might like The Manchurian Candidate which is a historical drama
I'm not sure who the main lead in The Slaves, but it is written by Natasha Preston
You're welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read it?
Beautiful Darkness is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction, but it's a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in it but it's a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
The Wedding Goddess was written by Sophie Kinsella.
She wrote The Undomestic Goddess and The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read those?
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy, do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a romance novel
Voyager is written by Robert Mark Kamen
You're welcome
She wrote The Search and The Search. Have you read those?
I am not sure but she wrote A Tree In Brooklyn
Yes it was written in English
Isn't he a midfielder?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for the Belgium national team.
I don't know much about baseball. I'm a Yankees fan. What sport do you like?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
No I haven't seen it. Is it a drama/mystery/mystery?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure! Embeth Davidtz starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Kevin McNally is also in Shackleton. Do you like him?
I'm not sure but Kevin McNally also starred in it.
William Goldman is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Golden Compass. Have you read it?
William Goldman is a novelist and a screen play writer.
Thrillers, Dramas, and Fantasy are some of his works.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote The Wedding which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I would recommend What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Scarlett Johansson and Emma Stone.
Yes! Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with that novel?
Then you might also like The World According to Garp. It is a historical fiction.
No, I haven't seen it. Is that a romantic comedy?
You are welcome have a great day.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in the movie.
You are welcome
Sure! Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read that one yet?
Tuesdays is a romantic comedy
Yes, you might like The Secret Life of Bees by Mitch Alborn.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ninja Assassin is a Sci-Fi/Action/Adventure film starring Robert Pattinson.
I'm not a huge fan of their music but I do know they starred in The Weekend.
You're right! I love Echoes of Silence. Is that a song?
Yeah, they have a lot of influence when they played it. Is that your favorite song?
I do! It's a great book. It's written by John Green. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
The Brethren was released in 2005. It's a thriller.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. The Vanished Man is written in English and also written in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like books by Dr. Seuss?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss and is a Children's literature. Do you like Children's literature?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. It's a children's literature.
You're welcome!
I like Adam Levine. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
Do you know Maroon 5 is a singer/songwriter?
I do. Did you know Adam Levine starred in The Voice because it's a comedy?
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you heard of it?
Well, you might like Romeo and Juliet, which is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Anthony Hopkins starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
yes bobby
I don't know when it was released but bobby does star Anthony Hopkins
Anthony Hopkins also starred in the movie Apocalypto
you are welcome
Me too! Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman 2.
The Absolute Sandman is influenced by Frank Beddor. He was also an actor.
Yes, it is a children's literature. I think you would like it.
You're welcome!
Sure! It's a Sci-Fi movie starring Scarlett Johansson. It was released in 2013 and stars Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson is a Sci-Fi film starring Scarlett Johansson. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Scarlett Johansson starred in Under the Skin with Scarlett Johansson. It's Sci-Fi.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he's a singer/songwriter?
Yes, Uma Thurman starred in it. She's a great actress.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction, have you seen it?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, I know he was a coach for the Tennessee Titans.
I didn't know Bud Adams was alive. Did you know he was also a musician?
Robert Duvall starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Apostle is a Indie film and The Apostle is a Indie film. Do you like Indie films?
Christina Perri is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
yes she does. do you like her?
Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years. : Composer: A Thousand Years. : Part of series: A Thousand Years. Part of series: A Thousand Years. A Thousand Years is written by Wayman.
i hope you have a good day
I think he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he has a lot of popular songs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have never heard of it. Is it a genre you like?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
Yes, he starred in The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes, he starred in The Fellowship of the Ring and The Lord of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth is a novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
The Battle of Labyrinth is part of a series. The next book is The Titan's Curse.
Then you might like The Titan's Curse. It is part of a series.
You are welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Then you might like The Simpsons Movie. It's a animated movie.
You're welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, Wicked is a play. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, a couple of her other works are Wicked and Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Braveheart which is a historical drama
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
The Bone Clocks is a novel written by David Mitchell. It's in English. Do you like his work?
The Bone Clocks is a novel written by David Mitchell. It's part of the series.
You are welcome!
Yes, he directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It's a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
He's a director. He's a director. He's a director. He's a director. He's a director.
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Paul Werstine wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure if it's worth watching, but it's Science Fiction/Drama.
No I haven't seen him. Is he a good actor?
That's a good one. Matt Damon also starred in Gravity.
You are welcome!
I'm not sure what year his last album came out, but I know he's a singer/songwriter too.
Yes, it was a popular one that was played on the radio. Did you know Sam Smith starred in The Thrill of It?
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter.
I like hard rock. I am a fan of a lot of people. My favorite band is The Thrill of It.
He wrote рестуление и накаание.
I don't know, but he wrote рестуление инакаание
The genre is fiction
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Brazilian national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazilian national football team.
I'm not sure, but I know Thiago Silva is from Brazil.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote A Brief History of Time.
Robert Pattinson also starred in it. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
I do, he composed the song You Love Me. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about Under the Tuscan Sun?
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia was released in 2005. Would you like to know more?
Brad Garrett starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
City of God is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Seu Jorge. Seu Jorge also starred in City of God.
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, The Short Second of Life was written by Jay Asher. He also wrote "Thirteen Reasons Why"
I would recommend "Thirteen Game" by Kate Seredy.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
I don't have any information on that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! The Historian is a Speculative fiction written by William Steig. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Historian is a great book. It is a suspense novel by William H. Macy. It is a great book.
Sure. Without Fail is a thriller. It is a sequel to The Historian. It is also a sequel to The Historian.
You're welcome!
Do you like books written by Markus Zusak or speculative fiction?
Help is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Romance film?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a Sci-Fi genre?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he stars in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes, she did, she also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman
The Brothers Grimm wrote Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology novel written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
That's a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the music, but I do know that he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I didn't know Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets?
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy, do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Will Smith is a great actor. I think you'll like him in it.
Yes, Michael Ealy starred in it as well. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Sure! James L. Brooks starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one yet?
Yes, you might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but I know You've Got Mail is a Romance and Drama movie. Is that a genre you prefer?
Evan Goldberg is a film director. Evan Goldberg starred in a lot of movies. Evan Goldberg has starred in a lot of movies. He's a director, director, and director.
Emma Watson also starred in This is the End, have you seen this one yet?
Yes, This is the End falls into the genres of fantasy and Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone starred in The Karate Kid. Sylvester Stallone starred in the movie.
John G. Avildsen starred alongside Sylvester Stallone.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
You are welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like it because it is a fantasy?
Children of the Prophecy is a fantasy
No I do not have any similar to this movie
There are 5 in the series
Yes, the director is J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is a science fiction novel written by William Nicholson. Do you like science fiction?
He wrote The Clan of the Cave Bear, which is Speculative Fiction. Have you read it?
The Shelters of Stone is a historical fiction novel that was released in 1847.
Then you might like Zoe's Tale, which is also speculative fiction. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
Sure! Derek Jacobi starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
It's a Sci-Fi/Adventure/Adventure film
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a historical drama.
Yes! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is a cricket player who plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I do like tennis. I also like tennis. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he's very good. I think he's a good athlete.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That's a great basketball movie. Did you know Bill Murray starred in Space Jam a comedy?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not a huge fan of their coach John Fox. Are you a fan of their coach?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lightning Theif is speculative fiction.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book.
He's a great author! He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1847 and is a speculative fiction.
The Side of Paradise is a part of a series. The next in the series is The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is a writer, director and director. Do you like his work because it's a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar writers to Crichton.
I don't know much about Robin Cook, but I do know that he is a writer and a musician.
You are welcome!
Ratatouille is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
Yes he does. He also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Jeremy Tambling is a great author. He wrote David Copperfield. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling has written a lot of great books
I don't know any other song by him, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but it's a song by Ed Sheeran
Oh yes, he's a very good singer. I think he's one of my favorites.
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Thief of Always is written by Rick Riordan.
He's written a few books in the same genre, such as The Thief of Always and The Thief of Always.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Then you might enjoy The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
I think he's a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Sea of Monsters.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a fantasy novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her work?
The Girl on the Train was written by Rebecca Wells.
Yes, The Girl on the Train was filmed in Mexico. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he is a very talented singer. I like his music. Do you like his music?
Yes, I like her music too. I think he is a great artist.
I do like her. I also like her music. I like her too.
I do! He starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is where Nora Dunn starred.
You might like The Manchurian Candidate which is a funny one
You are welcome!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is a novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, he wrote Where the Heart Is, which is a great Drama.
Yes, it is a drama as well as a drama.
If you like dramas, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a drama.
You are welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler. She's a great actress.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! David Yates is a director, director, and director. He directed The Dark Knight. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! He has a great cast, including Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Godfather. It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that?
You are welcome!
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. He also starred in Deadpool.
It also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
The Power of the lead character is a Romantic Comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
E Lockhart wrote Lockhart. Are you interested in children's literature?
Yes, it is in English. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
Interstellar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies? If you like Sci-Fi movies, you might want to check out Shark Night.
Then you might like World War Z. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
It's a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. It's a sci-fi movie.
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland, which is a sci-fi movie.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know what genre it is, but I do know that Luke Bryan is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know what genre it is. I don't know if I'm a fan of pop.
Sure! Kurt Wimmer starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back which is a Romance film.
I like Equilibrium. I think you'd like Equilibrium. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sidney Lumet is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know any other books by him but I can tell you that Sidney Lumet is a writer
Crime is a fiction
The Selection is a young-adult fiction book written by kiera Cass. Do you like young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome
Sure! Richard Linklater directed The Devil Wears Prada. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Waking Life is in the romance genre. Do you like romance?
You are welcome!
Rich Moore starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green.
He also wrote Paper Towns, Paper Towns and Paper Towns.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller starring Will Smith. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not sure if he did, but if you like Indie films he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
Yes! That is a great movie. It is a historical period drama.
I haven't seen any of his movies, but if you haven't already, I'll have to check out My Own Private Idaho.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of his work?
Flannery O'Connor wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It was written by E Lockhart and was released in 2014.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars as well as We Were Liars. Are you familiar with those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an author who wrote The Memory Keeper. Have you read it?
Thirteen Moons is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Yes, it was written by Charles Frazier. Do you like his work?
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like K-Pop?
I don't know much about their music but I do know they are a K-pop band. Is that a band?
He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is speculative fiction.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt wrote a lot of books he wrote. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 was written by Mooyaart-Doubleday
It is in English.
Eleanor Roosevelt is a great author. He also wrote The Power of Habit
You are welcome
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by William Shakespeare?
Goodfellas is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Casino is a romantic comedy starring Robert De Niro. Do you like romantic comedies?
Robert DeNiro starred in What Just Happened.
Yes it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it's a drama?
I am not sure who stars in What Lies Beneath, but What Lies Beneath is a drama.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I don't know much about football but I do know that Wyc Grousbeck is the owner of the Boston Celtics.
I don't watch much basketball but I like Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers fan?
Oh, he's great. I think he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Step Brothers. Have you seen that movie?
Yes Jason Statham is a great actor. Do you like him?
Yes, Simon West also directed The Manchurian Candidate which is a great movie.
Natalie Babbitt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's book. It is considered children's literature.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a drama or because it's a drama?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tom McCarthy starred in Independence Day. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome!
Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Are you familiar with that movie?
Gravity was released in 2010 and is a sci-fi thriller.
Gravity was released in 2013 and is a sci-fi action/adventure film.
Gravity is a Sci-Fi movie. Other Sci-Fi examples are Zombieland, Zombieland, and Zombieland.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Las Vegas, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know they moved to Oakland. Are you a fan of the Raiders?
I'm not sure if they were both in the Super Bowl. I'm not much of a baseball fan.
Yes, The Prestige is a Romance novel written by Christopher Paolini. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a movie too. Christopher Nolan also starred in it
Rebecca Hall starred in a science fiction film called The Dark Knight
You are welcome!
It's a speculative fiction novel written by Joseph Heller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a war novel.
There is a lot of similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
It's a romance novel that was released in 2004.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. If you like White Teeth, you might also enjoy A Tale of Two Cities.
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure! John Lasseter directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Cars 2 was released in 2004 and is a romantic comedy.
Peter Jacobson is a voiceover voice over Peter Jacobson. Peter Jacobson is a voice over actor.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good boxer but I don't know much about him other than he starred in Ocean's Eleven.
I know that Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven. Are you familiar with that movie?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I didn't know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That is a good one. It was written by Terry Pratchett and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
Speculative fiction is a good one
I don't know much about basketball. Is he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard?
Yes he did, he is also a basketball player
You're welcome
Did you know Anthony Heald starred in The Matrix? It's a great movie.
Yes, Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal Lector's Dr. Frilton.
The Juror is a great family film. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the Transformers. Are you a fan of the Transformers?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Shia Lebouf also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like him?
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan. I am a basketball fan.
I'm not sure when they played. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Hush Hush is a Hush book. Do you like Hush because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a series
Yes, it is a romance novel
You are welcome!
You too!
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about golf but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Is he a golfer?
I haven't seen it but I know Adam Sandler was in a relationship with Tiger Woods. I love Adam Sandler.
I'm not a big fan of their coach Mike Zimmer. Are they a good team?
I don't know much about football but I do know that the team is owned by David Nicholls.
I don't know much about their team but I know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela. Are you familiar with that?
Rayuela is a speculative fiction novel released in 1985. It is a speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Do you like her music?
I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie.
I'm sorry I don't know much about The Giver. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Looking for Alaska is a young adult fiction book written by John Green. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska, which is speculative fiction.
Young Adult Fiction is a fiction novel. It is part of a series. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in Truman Capote. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know if he did, but he did star in a movie called The Cold Blooded.
I haven't seen it but it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mandy Moore starred in it. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You might like The Mandy Moore. It's a great Animation film.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Manchurian Candidate.
Tom Hanks was also in Larry Crowne. He was a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love Artificial Intelligence. It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
The Goonies is a Sci-Fi movie starring Robin Williams. The Goonies is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
A Beautiful Mind is a romantic comedy starring Christian Bale. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Marlon Brando is starring in The Godfather Part III. Do you like him?
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Robert Mark Kamen.
Yes, he is! He's a great actor.
He has starred in a lot of movies. He starred in The Godfather Part II and The Godfather II. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for movies in the Crime genre.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer? I don't know much about her.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer/songwriter.
Anne-Marie has a few albums, including X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse Now
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. Did you know that Linkin Park was a member of a group of friends?
I don't know a whole lot about Linkin Park, but if you like their music, he is a great artist. How about you?
I'm interested in some of their music, but I don't know much about them. I'm a big fan of their music. What about you?
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in a lot of movies. He's a director, director, and director. He wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
Yes he was. Pete Doctor also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Craig T. Nelson starred in The Incredibles. He also starred in The Incredibles.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Family Stone.
I'm not sure, but The Family Stone also starred Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Bell Jar.
I'm not sure about Poems, but Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, he was a very talented person. I think he was one of the most popular songs of his.
Yes, it's a ballad. I'm not sure if he was a ballad.
That's right! It's a great movie. It's about the whale.
Tim Miller is a director, director and director. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander, but it's a action movie.
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe. Have you read it?
Il Principe is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Il Principe was released in 1513. It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli and was released in 1513.
I know he is a soccer player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of soccer?
I'm not sure what year it came out, but it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1999.
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Color Purple is a children's literature, and the genre is children's literature
Yes, it is musical
Memento is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Memento stars Robert Duvall and is a psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome!
Karim Benzema Benzema plays for France national football team. Do you like soccer?
I didn't know he was a striker for Real Madrid. Is he a forward?
I have never heard of them but I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro
The Scarlet Letter is a speculative fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like that genre?
John Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for Boston.
The World According to Garp is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Cider House Rules was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. Do you like her?
Treasure Planet is an animation film based on a true story of a young man who lives in a desert. It is based on the true story of a young man who lives in a desert.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it is a drama or because it is a drama?
The Fight Club is a drama/mystery starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
Well, it is a comedy, similar to The Fight Club.
Yes, Brad Pitt is a great actor. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
The Theory of Everything is a speculative fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like that genre?
Simon McBurney also starred in a romantic film called The World of Ice and Fire.
Yes! Simon McBurney is a romantic film. It is also a Romantic film.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I know a little bit about it. I know it is a sport that is a sport. Do you like it?
Yes he was born in Delhi.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
I think he is a good coach but I don't know much about him
Yes, Holes is a young-adult fiction written by Louis Sachar. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not sure, but I know he wrote a book called Holes. Have you read it?
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I know he's a basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of basketball?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
They are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
You are welcome!
Ethan Suplee is a singer-songwriter. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Sure! Vulgar is a horror film starring Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
Sure! Vulgar is a science fiction film starring Kevin Smith. It's a great movie.
Kevin Smith is an American actor who starred in the movie Vulgar. He's a very good actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know the team is coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
He wrote Wizard's First Rule, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George R.R. Martin. It's a self-help book.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know if he wrote fiction, but he is a scientist and a scientist.
It is a historical novel.
You're welcome!
The Shadow of the Torturer is non-fiction.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
I haven't heard of him. Is he a quarterback?
I agree! Wes Welker is a great quarterback. I think he's a good quarterback.
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great quarterback. I think he's a good quarterback.
I don't know much about Floyd Mayweather but I know he's a boxer. Do you like boxing?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I didn't know he was married to Floyd Mayweather. Is he a boxer?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Time Machine.
It was written by John Green and is a Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
The genre is Science Fiction
Twilight is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like romance, you may want to try The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romantic movie.
Sure! Youth in Revolt is a part of the Twilight series. It's part of a series. It's part of the Twilight series.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them.
Andrew Garfield starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Sure. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film directed by Andrew Garfield. Are you interested in sci-fi films?
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress of the Year.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a non-fiction book written bydale carnegie. Do you like self-help books?
Self help is a great book. You might also like the book How to Win Friends with Benefits.
I don't know any other books by him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Jack Reacher is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure if Jack Reacher is a Thriller, but Jack Reacher is a Thriller. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee, Katharine McPhee, and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, he is a very talented artist. I like his music. How about you?
Yes, Ziggy Marley is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I will do that. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Ratatouille is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
You are welcome!
Se7en is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like crime Thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
I'm not sure who stars in Zodiac but it's a great movie. It's a thriller.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
The book was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written in English. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know a whole lot about her. I know she starred in What's Your Number, which is a romantic comedy
I like Stronger because she is a great singer. Do you know any of her songs?
I don't know if she does. I think she has a lot of celebrity fans. Is she a celebrity?
I do. I like reality television. I like reality TV.
City of Fallen Angels is a fantasy book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
City of Fallen Angels is a Fantasy/Adventure book written by Cassandra Clare. It is part of a series.
I'm sorry I don't know any other books by her. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Terry George directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Hotel Rwanda is a historical drama.
The other Boleyn girl starred in the movie, The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a historical drama.
The Man Who Wasn't There is a movie similar to The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a history movie.
The Other Boleyn Girl stars Robin Williams and is a history movie.
Sure! Franz Kafka wrote The Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read those?
The Castle is a historical novel that was released in 1847. It is a historical fiction.
It's a historical novel. It's a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure what his latest film he directed, but he also directed The Jungle Book. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks also starred in Catch Me If You Can. It's a romantic comedy.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Color Purple which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I'm not sure but it was directed by Paula Hawkins
You are welcome!
Sure, Kiera Cass wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
The Siren is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I haven't read any of her books, but The Siren has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure! The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Philip Pullman. It is a speculative fiction novel.
If you like Frankenstein, you may want to check out Frankenstein. It was released in 1847.
Frankenstein is a Romantic Comedy. He also wrote The Invisible Man. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy
Yes, it was written by John Green. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I haven't heard of The Fault in Our Stars. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like basketball?
Yes he was, he was also a point guard too.
Yes they have become point guards as well as a point guard
Sure! The Scorch Trials is a science fiction novel written by James Dashner. Do you like science fiction?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi movie?
The star of the Planet of the Apes is Steve Buscemi.
Volcano is a Sci-Fi film starring Tom Hanks. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
I haven't seen it but I have heard of it. It's a great movie. Do you like his work?
Yes, Missy Eliot starred in The Matrix, which is a romantic comedy.
Missy Eliot was the male lead in the film. Do you like her?
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Portugal national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I am not a big fan of soccer. I prefer American football. What about you?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I hope they do. They have a good chance.
Alan Rickman is an actor. He starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a Romance?
If you like crime/thriller, you might like The Last Man or The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes! Rodney Dangerfield also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read it?
That's a great movie! I think you'll enjoy it.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2004.
You are welcome!
I know he's a singer/songwriter. I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter.
I don't know much about his music but I do know he is a singer/songwriter
Yes she has won a lot of awards. Is there anything else I can help you with
Sure! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2004. It's a romantic comedy.
Ender's Game is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is speculative fiction
Waylander is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi
you are welcome
Aladdin is a great movie. Do you like movies starring Aladdin?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Robert Mark Kamen
You are welcome
I know she starred in a lot of movies, but I don't know much about her. Do you like her music?
The Edge of Glory has a new version of The Edge of Glory. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen it?
Do you like Coldplay because it's a country music?
Do you like Coldplay because it's a romantic comedy?
Yes they were. Amsterdam is a great place to check out some of them.
Yes, he starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Yes, he starred in Titan A.E. and Trixie.
Yes! Emily Watson starred in The Birdcage. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read it?
The Prophet falls into Speculative fiction. anything else i can answer for you?
The Prophet was released in 2004. anything else i can answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but I know he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Polar Express?
The book is about a young-adult fiction
It came out in 2010
Is there anything else I can help you with
The Wolverine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rise of the Guardians is a science fiction film
William Joyce wrote The Wolverine. It is a Fantasy.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Mike Starr starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Sure, he starred in The Last Dragon, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who wrote it but it's a drama.
Sure, he starred in the movie Shooter. It's a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes he did and he also starred in The O.C.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Godfather because it is a Romance film?
Then you might also enjoy The Godfather 2 or The Godfather 2.
I don't know who stars in Training Day. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Maleficent stars Matt Damon and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure Angelina Jolie also starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
Yes! Mr and Mrs Smith is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
I haven't seen Wedding Crashers. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in The Wedding Crashers?
Yes, if you like Owen Wilson, he was in The Wedding Crashers too.
Thomas Muller plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but he plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni plays for the Germany national football team. He plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Portugal national football team.
I don't know, but I know he plays for the Portugal national football team.
yes he is. he is a midfielder. do you like him?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
If you like Edge of Tomorrow, you may want to check out Zombieland or Zombieland.
Yes that is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen it, but I know it's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like Thrillers. Do you like Thrillers?
I like murder mystery too. I think you will enjoy Your Highness.
I haven't seen Pacifier but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy?
Yes, Margaret Stohl wrote The Magic Faraway Tree. Have you read it?
Sure. She wrote a few romance novels. One of her most popular is A Christmas Carol. Have you read it?
I'm not sure about that. Is that a genre you prefer?
I don't know much about them except that they are in the World Series. Are you a Yankee fan?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from the United States.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Paolini. It is a Thriller.
I'm not sure who produced it but I do know that it was produced by Stephen King
I don't know what else he produced, but Michael Pavone produced Inside Out.
I'm not sure but I do know Michael Pavone also produced Inside Out, which is a drama.
Inside Out is a comedy. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes Michael Rapaport also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Good Will Hunting is starring Will Smith. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in it as well
No, I haven't heard of Push, but I know he also starred in The People Speak.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I do like Joe Montana, he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
I do like the Steelers, but I don't know much about them. I am a Steelers fan.
The Thorn Birds is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William H. Macy.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor.
I don't know any other recommendations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Dark Lover is a speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It's part of a series. Do you like vampires?
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005 and is speculative fiction.
The Mist is a great sci fi book. The Maze Runner is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci fi?
The Mist is a great sci-fi book. The Maze Runner is a sci-fi novel. If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zoe's Tale.
I'll send it now.
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix. Have you seen any of those?
It's a horror film. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for a specific genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
The Invasion is starring Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with his work?
She also starred in The Invasion. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know a little bit about him. I know he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, she has starred in Cadillac Records, which is a romantic comedy.
Lady Gaga is a very talented singer. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
No I haven't seen it but I'll check it out if you haven't seen it.
Will Smith also starred in The Muppets. It's a romantic comedy.
Martin Gardner starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Essential readings for the Non-Believer is a non-believer book. It was released in 1847.
I don't know any other writers for this series, but if you like books written by Victor J Stenger you may want to check out The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a fantasy fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is starring Orlando Bloom.
I'm not sure if he starred in The Lord of the Rings, but he starred in Zulu.
You are welcome!
I do! I love Sylvia Plath. She wrote My Cousin Rachel. Have you read it?
Yes, he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I do like those movies. I think Adam Sandler is a great golfer as well.
Yes, he was great in Hot Tub Time Machine. Have you seen it?
Yes! Eric Bress wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a romantic comedy.
The Butterfly Effect is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Now You See Me is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Pelican Brief is a romantic comedy about a young man who lives in a town in Mississippi. It is a historical period drama.
The Pelican Brief is a crime/action film directed by Alan Pakula.
Juno is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Young Adult films are Young Adult. You may want to check out Young Adult films. Young Adult is a Young Adult film.
Yes, it is a comedy/drama film.
Bradley Cooper starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate
Bradley Cooper starred in a movie called The Manchurian Candidate, which is a romantic comedy.
Bradley Cooper starred in a comedy movie called The Hangover.
Yes, he wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The light Between Oceans was released in 2012. It is a speculative fiction.
You might like The Dark Knight. It is a thriller and it was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more books by Jane Austen?
Lullaby is written by Margaret Stohl.
I don't have any information on any other books that he wrote. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
Tate Donovan starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Peter Gallagher also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen it yet, but if you haven't seen You Were Sleeping you should check out The Manchurian Candidate.
Rocky is a Rocky movie. Do you like Rocky because it's a family movie?
You might also like the Fighters, which is a martial art film.
Undisputed is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
You are welcome!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is speculative fiction?
If you like historical period dramas, you might want to check out Water for Elephants. It is a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2004. It is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
I didn't know he was a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like basketball?
I am not a big fan of basketball. Is he your favorite player?
What sports do you like to watch?
Oh yea he was a great basketball player too. What sport do you like to watch?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Twain.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is a novel written by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Romance movie?
Apocalypses Now is a great movie. Apocalyps Now is a science fiction movie. Have you seen it?
Apocalyps Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in The Matrix?
The Prisoner of Shark Island is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, he's great. I think you'll enjoy the movie.
Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You're welcome!
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which is Speculative fiction.
Underworld is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes. Meg Cabot also wrote a book called Into the Wild.
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of Insomnia because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The main star in this movie is Nicholas Cage. It's a thriller.
I'm not sure when it came out, but it is a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Craig Ferguson also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that movie?
Saving Grace was released in 2004.
Yes, Simona Halep is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I know Simona Halep is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I know Serena is also a tennis player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yea, he's a very good coach. I think he's a good coach. Isn't he a football player?
It's a book, but I don't know what title it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes. He was also in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Yes! The Wrestler is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2005. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Yes, he is a cricket player from Dehli. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know Virat Kohli is a cricket player.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know Virat Kohli is a cricket player
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
C.S. Lewis wrote The Chronicles of Narnia, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
Yes, there are similar ones to Peter Pan
Yes, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle is a Musical Film, and it was released in 1904
I'm sorry I can't find that information.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Green and was released in 1904
I'm not sure who wrote it, but The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was written by Jack London.
Sure! Richard Pevear wrote сска арамаовести and овести.
Eecbl is also written by Richard Pevear.
Eecbl is in the genre of Science Fiction.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by John Irving. Are you familiar with his work?
The Cabin in the Woods was written by Kristen Connolly
Yes it is a romantic comedy
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Superhero movies, you might like The Avengers or The Avengers.
Sure! Michael Bay also directed The Manchurian Candidate
Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes it was released in 2006 and is a Sci-Fi movie.
The Blind Side is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Blind Side is a Biographical film. It's a biography. Do you like Biography?
Into the Wild is a biographical film. It's about a young man who lives in a town in Mississippi. Are you interested in biographical films?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than that she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
No, I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know Venus is a professional tennis player
I don't have as doubles as Serena. Is Serena your doubles partner?
Yes, it is a superhero film starring Matt Damon. Do you like superhero films?
I haven't seen any of those, but The Proposal is a superhero film. Do you like superhero films?
I haven't seen The Other Boleyn Girl, but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info!
Do you like the movie because it is a mystery or because it is a thriller?
I'm not sure who directed it but it is written by Rick Riordan
It's a great movie. It was directed by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure what year it came out.
I haven't seen Superman Returns. Who is your favorite actor?
it is a superhero movie
You've Got Mail is a superhero movie. You should check it out.
Tom Hanks is also in You've Got Mail.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Deception Point because it's a Mystery or Thriller?
Techno-thriller is a good one. what else can i answer for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Wide Window is based on the true story of Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he wrote Slippery Slope. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Neil Gaiman.
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that Diana Gabaldon is a scientist and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you she wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2005.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I am not a big fan of football. Isn't he a midfielder?
I didn't know Hayden Panettiere was in that movie. I think Hayden Panettiere is a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
Roland Emmerich directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Independence day is a sci-fi adventure film.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I think she's a great singer. I love her music. Do you like her music?
I like a lot of different people. I like a lot of different types of music. What about you?
Thriller is my favorite. My favorite song is X-Men.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are part of the National Football League.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that they are a professional football team based in York.
Yes, he wrote The Wedding Planner. Have you heard of that movie?
Sure, Snatch is a sci-fi thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2004. It's a crime film.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
I have heard of them. They are a TS professional football team. Are you a fan of them?
I haven't heard much of their music but I do know they are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure, he starred in Deadpool. He also starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Eminem is a rapper. Do you like him because he is a rapper?
Yes, he is. I think he is friends with Dr. Dre. Dre. Dre. Dre. Dre. Dre and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did compose Romeo Must Die, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in What's Your Number, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Time Bandits is a romantic comedy that was released in 2003.
Twilight of the Ice Bandits is a romantic comedy that was released in 2003.
She also starred in the movie Into the Wild.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Secret History and The Secret History. Have you read those?
I'm not sure but it's a fiction book.
Michael Bay starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
I don't know much about Transformers, but if you like action movies, you might like Shark Night. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but if you like Dwayne Johnson, you might also like The Manchurian Candidate.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Is he a cricket player? I don't really know much about cricket.
I don't know much about football. Is he a midfielder?
I am not a huge fan of the commercials. I think they will win the Super Bowl.
Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie.
No, I haven't have it. I hope you enjoy it.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife
Time Traveler's Wife is a science fiction film
Stanlee was written by Stanlee. It's Sci-Fi.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it was written by Jorja Fox. It is a Sci-Fi/Adventure film.
Yes, he wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
Will do.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I didn't watch the game so I didn't know they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are part of the NFC South.
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote The Virgin Suicides. It's speculative fiction.
Yes, if you like Gothic Fiction, you might also enjoy Notre Dame de Paris.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Deadpool because it is a superhero movie or because it is a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Hemsworth.
Deadpool is a superhero film released in 2012. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like football. What about you?
I'm not sure what sports do you like?
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
No, I haven't seen Men in Black 3. Is it a romantic comedy?
No, I haven't seen it. I hope you enjoy it!
Step Brothers is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
John C. Reilly is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure when it was released, but it's hilarious!
The Tragedie of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a historical novel.
Yes, he is. He is a composer and a musician.
He directed The King's Speech. Have you seen it?
The King's Speech is rated PG and X-Men 2 - X-Men 2 - X-Men 2 - X-Men 2.
The King's Speech was released in 2005 and is a screenwriter.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know he was a defensive back but I know the Broncos were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Face/Off is starring Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know much about Rihanna, but I know she is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her work?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
He is a musician and a musician. He is a musician.
That's a great song. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 1986.
Yes he was, he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
No I haven't seen them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Have you read Harry Potter or the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Juraissic is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies? You might like World War Z.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins a science fiction film
Starship Troopers is starring Ryan Reynolds. It's a science fiction movie.
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate
He starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
Yes, he wrote Wizard and Glass and Wizard and Glass. Have you read those?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote The Graveyard Book.
I'm sure you will like it. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the coach, but I do know the Buccaneers are coached by Mike Zimmer
I don't know what position he plays
They are going to make the playoffs
I don't know much about her but I do know she starred in the movie Leeds
I haven't seen Battleship, isn't she a singer?
I'm not sure if they mixed up, but I think Liam Neeson was a great singer
Enrique Iglesias is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
i don't know much about her. do you like his music?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Charlotte Bront. She wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read that one?
Jane Eyre is a novel that was released in 1847. It's a historical novel.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844.
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is a fantasy novel.
It was written by Robin Buss, and it is a fantasy novel.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Sure, Station Eleven is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
Yes, I do. Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, you will like The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read those?
Robert Jackson wrote the book. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
King Richard the Second is written by Robert Jackson. He also wrote Time (dimension)
The Company Man was released in 1847
The Notebook is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yea, they have a lot of historical elements to them. I think you will like The Notebook.
I'm not sure who stars in it but I know it was written by Sara Gruen.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them.
I haven't heard of it, but I know it was written by Jamie Ford. Do you like him?
Yes, he also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
I believe Eureka is somewhere in the United States of America.
Yes he wrote that one too. I think you will enjoy it.
Batman Begins is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Batman Begins is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but it also stars Morgan Freeman.
A Time to Kill is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre because it is speculative fiction?
If you like mysteries, you might also enjoy A Time to Kill. Have you heard of this one?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series. Have you read that one?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he has written a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote a book called Into the Wild which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
It is speculative fiction
The Goonies is a fantasy book
The goonies is a fantasy book
You are welcome
Do you like books written by J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, it was written by Simmons. Simmons also wrote Speculative fiction.
Yes, he also wrote Inheritance, which is speculative fiction
Michael Bay is a great actor. He starred in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Billy Bob Thorton has been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. I think you'd like that one.
Yes, he's a great actor. I think you'll enjoy it.
Young Frankenstein is a great movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good player but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of him?
I don't know much about basketball. Is he a point guard?
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
You might also like the Harry Potter series. It's a great book.
Yes, they are a K-Pop boy band. They are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like their music?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't heard of any of them. I know Shakira is a singer/songwriter.
The Poisonwood Bible is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2005.
I would recommend World Without End, it is a historical novel.
If you like historical fiction, you should try The Looking Glass Wars. It is a great book.
You're welcome!
Looper is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like thrillers?
yes he is. what else can i do for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
A Beautiful Mind is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Gilroy
Tony Goldwyn also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
It is a romantic comedy
You are welcome
It was written by J. D. Salinger. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote Nine Stories.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not sure what year it came out
Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in that movie
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for similar dramas.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma, Emma, Emma and Emma. Are you familiar with those?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess.
Wideacre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The White Queen is in the same genre as Wideacre
You are welcome!
Yes, it is a sports team. It is a sports team based in England.
I don't know much about them. Is that a sports team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Who is yours?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great writer. He wrote The Lamb Lamb: The Life and Times of the Wicker Man.
I know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel. I know this one is part of a series.
That's great. Anne Tyler also wrote I Know This Much Is True.
You are welcome!
I'm not a big fan of their coach Mike Zimmer. Are they a good team?
Not really, I am a Packers fan. I am a Packers fan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Inside Out is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Part III stars Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do agree that she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, she was great in Victorious. Did you know she also starred in the Children's Television series?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but I know she starred in the children's movie Victorious.
Yes. Jamie Lynn Spears also starred in the Children's Television series. I think you'll like that one.
Downfall is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
Windtalkers is a war film, do you like war films?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catchter in the Rye is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It is a fiction novel.
Sure, I can add Wolf Brother to your list.
You're welcome!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Mindy Kaling did star in the movie Wreck It Ralph. It is a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes! Wes Anderson starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums, and The Royal Tenenbaums.
I'm not sure if he does. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a golfer from England.
I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer.
He's a great golfer. I think he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I know a little bit about Virginia Woolf. She wrote The Sea of Monsters which is speculative fiction.
Yes, she wrote The Virgin Suicides, and The Virgin Suicides.
To The Lighthouse was released in 1847.
You're welcome!
Yes, Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
He is on the New England Patriots. Are you a basketball fan?
I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. Are you a fan of the team?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits is a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! Michael Mann starred in a lot of great films. He's a director, director, and director. He's a director. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also directed The Manchurian Candidate, and The Invisible Man.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Me too! She's a great tennis player. Do you like her?
Under the Tuscan Sun was also written by Frances Mayes.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy?
I agree, do you know if she is a singer?
Yes it is a romantic comedy do you like her?
I don't know much about them, I'm a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Are they your favorite football team?
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that he is a quarterback for the Steelers.
Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland and Night Star
Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland, which is speculative fiction.
I'm not sure who might like those books, but Shadowland is fantasy.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes he plays for the Columbia national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Dead Poets Society is a science fiction book.
Yes, he also wrote Dead Poets Society.
Well, if you like drama, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Tiffany starred in The Wedding Planner. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was made into a movie. It's a great movie.
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote  [Z no shmetsu],  [Z no shmetsu].
The genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Bourne Identity starring Matt Damon is a good one. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
The Bourne Identity starring Matt Damon is a good one.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I don't know, but I do know that she wrote Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
Yes, he directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Yes, Reese Witherspoon starred in Walk the Line, a Biographical film. It is a Biographical film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
If you like Romance, you might like The Manchurian Candidate. It's a great movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. He also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Jason Cope starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Spud is a drama
He starred in a romance movie called Space Jam
Robert Pattinson also stars in Spud
Irwin kershner directed The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a science fiction film based on the true story of a man Called Horse.
You're welcome!
Yes, Rob Riggle is an actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in The Other Guys but it's a romantic comedy.
The Other Guys was released in 2005
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Yes. Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes. Jonathan Hyde starred in The Shawshank Redemption as well as The Shawshank Redemption
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
He also starred in The Aviator, and The Aviator.
That is a great movie! I hope you enjoy!
Yes he did! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Well, 50/50 is based on the genre of Thriller, and based on the genre of the movie. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Yes! Vanessa Fertilio starred in the movie Shadowboxer. She also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, the Washington Wizards are a basketball team as well.
I haven't seen Nanking, but I know Woody Harrelson is a great basketball player.
I do! I love her books. She wrote The Little Friend and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
The Long Winter is a romantic comedy that was released in 1987. It is a romantic comedy.
If you like historical fiction, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure thing. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Okay, I will have to check out Coming of Age if you haven't already.
Sure, it is a great book. You may want to check out the next in the series, or if you haven't already.
Afraid of the Virginia Woolf is a play written by Robert Mark Kamen. He's a great writer.
It was directed by David Ayer and was released in 1988
It was released in 1988 and is a science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Brad Garrett starred in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Jim Belushi starred alongside Jay Leno. He is a great actor.
The Pacifier was released in 2004. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Scarlett Johansson.
You might like The Devil Wears Prada, it is a romance film, have you seen it?
I am not sure who directed it but it is written by Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Water for Elephants came out in 2004
You are welcome!
Sure! Jenniferlopez starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, they are a good team.
I don't know much about him. Is he a Midfielder?
I don't know much about him. Is he a Midfielder?
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth.
As Good as It Gets is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It's a romantic comedy that was released in 2004. It's a romantic comedy.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not sure who owns the team but I know Tyran Brackenridge owns the Jaguars.
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a good player?
Saina Nehwal is a professional cricketer who plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, she did. That was a great place to visit.
I like basketball. What about you?
I'm not sure where he's from. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Notebook and The Notebook. Have you read those?
It was released in the same year as The Wedding.
Yes he was a contribution to films. He also contributed to The Wedding.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter and Film Producer.
Yes, he was a comedian too. He was born in Delhi and he is a comedian.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Kill Bill is a sequel. Do you like Pulp Fiction?
Uma Thurman starred in it. She's a great actress.
You're welcome!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know that he starred in City of Bones? It's a romantic comedy.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Robert Rodriguez starred in it as well.
No I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, that is a Romance/drama film. Khaled Hosseini starred in that as well.
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, Veronika wrote Veronika. Veronika is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he's a great director. He directed The Alchemist.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was released in 1904.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by Fitzgerald Fitzgerald. Are you familiar with his work?
It was released in 1847, and is a drama.
If you like drama, you might like The Great Gatsby. It is a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925.
Yes, The Fighter is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with his work?
She also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
Villette is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote Listen. Listen is a romance novel. Have you read it?
This Lullabye is a young-adult fiction novel by Sarah Dessen.
Me too! Marc Webb wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes! Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer. Have you seen those?
Steve Kloves starred in The Amazing Spider-Man and the Half-Blood Prince.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know much about cricket. Is he a good player?
No. I am not a big fan of cricket. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Baz Luhrmann starred in The Great Gatsby which is a drama.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I haven't heard of it, but I know it was written by Meg Cabot. Have you seen it?
I like Disney movies. I think you'd like The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. I think you will like it.
Yes, it is a dark one. I think you will like it too.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Frank Beddor and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Call of the Wild is a fiction book. Another historical fiction book is The Time of the Wild. Have you read that one?
To Build a Fire is a great book. It was released in 1847. Its a great book.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
Yes, Walking Disaster is a good one. It was released in 2011 and is a great book.
Beautiful Oblivion is a great one. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You are welcome
I don't know much about football, but I know they are part of the NFC South.
I am not a big fan of the Bears. I am a Bears fan. Do you like the Bears?
I think they will be a good team as well.
Beloved is written by Toni Morrison. Do you like her work?
Then you might like The Last Olympian. It's a historical fiction.
Billy Bob Thornton starred in Love Actually. He's a great actor.
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she's a singer/songwriter.
I don't know much about Liam Hensworth, but I know he's a singer/songwriter too.
I like Nicolas Sparks too. He wrote The Last Song too.
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like romantic comedies?
Then you may want to check out The Lucky One. It's a romantic comedy. It's a romantic comedy.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
Sure! Jean-Marc Vallée wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
It's a war film, do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure but it's a drama.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for other movies starring Emily Blunt.
I'll send it now.
The Fast and the Furious is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't know much about racing movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Matt Damon and Kevin McNally
You are welcome
Do you like World War Z because it's a war film?
Zombie is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it, but I know its a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
He also starred in the movie Apocalypse. Have you seen this movie?
You are welcome!
Cat's Cradle is a science fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure about any other books by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. but if you like mythology you might like The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
I'm not sure if it was autobiographical but it's based on a book by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
You're welcome!
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know Doc Rivers was a point guard too. He was a point guard too.
I didn't know he was the head coach for the LA Clippers.
I don't know much about Sam Smith but I do know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do not know much about Sam Smith but I know he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes i believe so. Emile Zola is a screenwriter and playwright.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, I know that The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Knicks. Do you like the New York Yankees?
I am not a huge fan of basketball but I do know the Philadelphia Eagles are a professional basketball team based in Philadelphia.
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
It starred Robert Pattinson. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is produced by Warren Zide. Warren Zide also starred in Titanic. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
No I haven't seen Zodiac. Is it a thriller?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he's a director but he's a writer.
Well if you like him he was also in The Manchurian Candidate. He was in that.
I don't know much about them except that they are a professional basketball team based in Oakland, California.
Oh wow! That's a great basketball team. Who's your favorite player?
I didn't know the Men in Black ii was a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith. I didn't know that.
I didn't know he produced it. I'm not sure if he produced it.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel by Madame Bovary. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, it was released in 1817.
You may want to check out Madame Bovary by Mark Overstall.
You're welcome!
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and also starred Tom Hanks.
Kevin Spacey also wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that she is from Constanta.
Yes, she's a pretty good tennis player.
I agree! I think she's a great actress.
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
He did not do all of the movies
All The Money in the World is a science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome
I don't know if Shakira has released a new album, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
Shakira is starring in that movie. Shakira is also a director. Do you like her?
Shakira won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama
Coraline is a great movie. I think it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a drama?
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have any similar information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wicked City is a speculative fiction film written and directed by Neil Gaiman. It is a very good movie.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read it?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read those?
Wilson Rawls has written a lot of children's literature. He also wrote Speculative fiction
It was released in 2005
You're welcome
You're welcome
Do you like The Notebook because it's a romantic comedy?
I'm not sure if he wrote The Notebook, but if you like Romance you might like The Notebook.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you heard of those?
That's right! It was released in 1851. It's a classic!
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote A Fish Out of Water and Go, Go, Go!
A Fish Out of Water is considered Children's Literature as well as Children's Literature.
Yes, he did and he also wrote Go, Go.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Surviving Picasso is a historical drama, do you like this genre?
Surviving Picasso also starred Scarlett Johansson, Vivica A. Fox, and Robert Duvall
Sure! He wrote The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Yes, The Godfather is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You are welcome.
Danny Boyle starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen this movie?
127 Hours is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Brad Pitt starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I don't know if he is with him
I don't have any information on that movie
Robert Pattinson is also in it
your welcome
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure! He starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
I hope you enjoy them!
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Alex Morgan is a Midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Philip Pullman is a speculative fiction writer. Are you a fan of his work?
Robin Jarvis has written a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure! He wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung. Have you read those?
Die Verwandlung is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, which is a science fiction film
Yes, Linus Roache starred in The Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he starred in The Ten Commandments.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Casino Royale is a romantic comedy starring Tom Cruise. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure who starred in it but it is a great movie.
I'm not sure what year it was released.
Yes, it is a television series.
You are welcome.
Sure! Cloud Atlas is a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Tykwer also starred in the Sci-Fi genre. Tom Tykwer also starred in Monsters Inc.
Charlize Theron has been in many films including the X-Men series
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
Taxi Driver is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're right! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Taxi Driver is a thriller. You might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Are you referring to the Pillars of the Earth written by Neil Gaiman?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Day of the Jackal is a horror novel that was released in 2001.
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
I'm not sure about that, but Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Are you interested in that?
Sure, The Diary of Anne Frank was released in 1851. It's a great book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Star Wars.
James Franco is the star of the movie. Do you like him?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Chris Buck starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Sure, if you haven't seen Surf's Up, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome!
Dan Brown wrote The Dan Brown Chronicles and The Dan Brown Chronicles. Have you read those?
Yes, he is a great director. He directed this means War. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is about football. Do you like football?
Angelo Pizzo was the writer of The Game of Their Lives. He also wrote The Game of Their Lives. Have you seen it?
I know they are a professional football team based in Tampa, Florida. Do you like football?
I'm not mistaken. I think they are a good team as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, I agree. She's a very good player.
I like football. I like college football. What about you?
I like the Washington Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
V for Vendetta is starring Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
V for Vendetta is a science fiction film.
Sure, Tintenherz is a novel written by Cornelia Funke and was released in 2003. Do you like her work?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
Cinderella is speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
King Kong is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
Naomi Watts starred in a lot of movies. She also starred in a movie called The Princess Diaries.
The Painted Veil is a romance film directed by Ron Nyswaner and stars Naomi Watts.
You're welcome!
Gary Chapman starred in What's Your Number? and The Gift. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but The Five Love Languages is a romantic comedy. Are you interested in those?
I don't know much about him. Is he a singer/songwriter?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a singer/songwriter. He is also a musician.
Frank Capra is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. Do you like his work?
I haven't seen him in a while, but I know he is a writer and a musician.
I don't know much about Frank Capra, but I do know he wrote The Wonderful Life.
Frank Capra wrote Wonderful Life, he also produced it.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign starring Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is in English
it is in English
yes i do
i dont have that information
That's a great crime movie. Did you know Adam Bale also starred in it?
American Hustle is a war film. Would you like to know more about it?
It's written by Frank Beddor.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, I'm a Redskins fan. Are they a good team?
Do you know anything about the Raiders? I don't know much about them.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know the Raiders are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
Sure! Do you like comedies because it's a comedy?
Easy is written by Tammara Webber and was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Tammara Webber wrote Easy, which was released in 2012. She also wrote Breakable.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy, which was released in 2012. She also wrote Breakable.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Joseph Kanon starred in The Good German.
He also starred in The Good German, which is a great film.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome.
Sure! Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
It's a great book. It was released in 1847. It's a great book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Eye of the World is a young-adult fiction novel written by Philip Pullman. Are you familiar with his work?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards. Have you read that?
Rules of Attraction was released in 2011 and the genre is fiction.
If you like books written by Simone Elkeles, you might also like Return to Paradise. It is part of a series.
You are welcome.
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Twilight series is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel.
You are welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote a lot of great books. He wrote a lot of children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Yes, Leo wrote The Pickwick Club, and it was released in 1847.
Yes, it is a historical period of great Britain.
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a great author.
Great. Have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Fault in Our Stars. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes! Adam Sandler was the producer of The Longest Yard and 50 First Dates.
Adam Sandler also starred in Happy Gilmore. He's a great actor.
Sure! He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and Fantastic Beasts. Have you read those?
J. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fictional book by him.
Fantastic Beasts is a speculative fiction novel written by Ian Fleming. It's a fantasy novel.
Yes. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are both speculative fiction books.
Michael O'Neill starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama. Do you like dramas?
If you like crime drama, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome!
I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
You're welcome!
The Hangover Part II is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
The Hangover Part II was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it is a murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
I haven't seen that one yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Mansfield Park is a speculative fiction book written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, it's a science fiction novel written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes! Lindsay Sloane is a great actress. She starred in The Hobbit series. Have you seen it?
Yes! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband. He's a great actor.
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like tennis?
I do, he is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis, but I do know that Wawrinka is a professional tennis player.
Yes! Cornelia Funke wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
The Inkheart is a family novel, have you read it?
I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gary Paulsen wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The River is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like Science Fiction, you might also like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Shawn Levy directed The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure who produced it but I know it was produced by Shawn Levy.
The Untouchables is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Crime Fiction you should check out The Last Man or The Untouchables. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
If you like Crime Fiction, you might also enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium
Alice Walker is a great author. Are you a fan of her work?
Benjamin Franklin has written a lot of great books. One of his most well-known is The Color Purple.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
No I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's true! Andreu was a Midfielder as well as a Midfielder.
No I didn't know he was a midfielder as well.
Yes, it is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
The Wise Man's Fear is a Romance novel by Patrick Rothfuss.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You are welcome!
Yes, The Elite is written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which is a historical period drama.
The music is produced by Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on his genre.
Sure! Did you like the movie because it's a Social Network because it's a Social Network?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in What's Your Number, which is a romantic comedy.
The Hummingbird Project came out in 2004.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You may want to check out Die Another Day. It is a great book.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. Is it a drama?
Danny Aiello has been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes he did, he is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Color Purple which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a historical period drama that was made into a movie.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Aladdin is a Disney movie. Do you like Disney movies? If you are interested in Disney films, you might want to check out Shark Night.
The Lion King came out in 2012. It's a Fantasy/Comedy.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read those?
He also wrote To Have and Have Not. He's a great author.
The Last Old Man and the Sea was released in 1981.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Drew Brees, but I do know he plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
I do like Drake Bell more. Do you like him?
yea hes great. do you like him?
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York. Have you read it?
White Oleander also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
White Oleander is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1942.
A Grief Observed was released in 2005.
The Weight of Glory is a great book! I think you will enjoy it.
Done!
Yes, Sharlto Copley starred in The Matrix. Are you a fan of her work?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are in the NFC North. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Hornets are a great team, they have a lot of great players like Mike Woodson.
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it but I can tell you it was directed by Sandra Bullock.
Yes, he wrote a lot of great movies. He also wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which is a mini-series.
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns, which is a mini-series.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but I know he plays for FC Bayern Munich.
I think he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Yes, he has a good stats. I think he has a good career.
Gore Verbinski directed the movie Gore Verbinski directed.
Rango is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
The genre is speculative fiction
The Prestige is a drama film starring Hugh Jackman.
Matt Damon stars in Memento
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige.
You're welcome
L. Frank Baum wrote The World According to Garp. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Voyager is a children's literature. Other books in that genre are Ozma of Oz and Ozma of Oz.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. She also wrote Ozma of Oz.
I don't know of any other romance novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
I'm not sure who the latest movie is, but it is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but The Holiday is a Comedy-drama Film.
The Pillars of the Earth is a romantic comedy-drama film.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night which stars Kyla Pratt.
yes she starred in the movie.
Yes, WALLE is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
It's a sci-fi movie starring Matt Damon. It's a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure if it's a Sci-Fi movie, but it's a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure, but it's a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen is a young-adult fiction written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, Will Grayson is a book that was written by Sarah Dessen and is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Outsiders is also written by Sarah Dessen and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Pallbearer. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's considered children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by John Green. It is a children's literature.
I haven't seen it but I know it's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi. It's a sci-fi thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Poland national football team.
I don't know much about football but I do know that Lewandowski is a Midfielder.
I'm not sure if he's a good player but I know he's from Munich.
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard?
Yes, Jack Thorne wrote The Assassination of Jesse James.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two is part of the Harry Potter series.
Yes, he is. He is also a screenwriter.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, she wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these?
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, Peony in Love and China Dolls was released in 2005. It's a romantic comedy.
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was released in 2014 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Grindhouse was directed by Max Brooks and he also directed Zombieland. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
I don't know any other books by Syeig Larsson. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a fantasy novel that was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Michael Parks is a director, director, and director. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Wicked is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Ken Kesey also wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good basketball player. Are you a fan of basketball?
I don't know Michael Jordan. Is he a point guard?
I like Ghostbusters too. I also like the movie he starred in.
I'm not sure if he did. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Fast and the Furious and the Fast and the Furious.
Yes, A Man Apart is a comedy starring Vin Diesel. Have you seen The Boy Next Door?
You're welcome!
Yes, he has written a lot of great books. Some of his most popular ones are The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes he did a great job in What Lies Beneath
Yes, it is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are in the National League.
I don't watch much football but I do know Eli Manning is from New York. Is that your favorite team?
I like action thrillers. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Yes, The Paris Wife is a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
Circling the Sun is a Romance novel that was released in 1847.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Mulholland Drive is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Matt Damon. what else can i answer for you?
it is a thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes! Josh Boone starred in "The Fault in Our Stars" and "The Fault in Our Stars."
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
I'm not sure who wrote Long Walk to Freedom, but it's a historical period drama.
Yes, it's a war movie. It's a war movie. It's a war movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Have you read those?
Where You Are was released in 2009
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Stephenie Meyer.
Sure! Peter Cushing starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Top Secret is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by Frank Darbont and was released in 2010.
You are welcome!
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
While You Were Sleeping is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his acting?
I'm not sure who wrote Collateral Damage, but it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Yaphet Kotto starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Running Man is a action film
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
You are welcome!
I know a little bit about Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush. He is a writer and a politician. Do you like his work?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote The Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is a memoir book written by Jeannette Walls
The Silver Star was released in 2005
You are welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he did. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure what Kurt Russell starred in, but if you like Kurt Russell, you should check out The Road to El Dorado.
Sure! She wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power. Have you read any of these?
I don't know a similar book but I do know that The Secret was released in 2005 which was a documentary.
He wrote The Secret which is a non-fiction book.
John Ratzenberger starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy and was released in 2005. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You are welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
I like the movie because it's a family friendly movie. I think you will like it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like him?
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was a good one.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Mark Haddon is a film starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it was adapted into a film and a film.
Yes he did and he also wrote The Messenger and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome!
Frank Coraci is a writer, director, and director. He wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about him?
Frank Coraci also starred in Grandma's Boy. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes, it's a comedy. It's a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in the West is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Once Upon a Time in the West is a historical period drama. Have you seen that one?
Nightcrawler stars Robert Duvall and Kevin McNally.
You're welcome!
Yes, Heath Ledger starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight. Have you seen those?
It came out in 2004
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but it is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Blind Side is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Moneyball is a sport drama movie starring Matt Damon. It's a great movie.
It's a young-adult fiction written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The next in the series is City of Ashes. Have you read it?
Sure, it is a fiction written by Cassandra Clare and is part of a series. Do you like her work?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
Yes Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was directed by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure but it's in English.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Christian Bale and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
I don't know what other book he wrote but I do know that it is a Romance novel.
You are welcome.
I think he is a great artist. I think he wrote Yellow Submarine.
I don't know much about him. Is he a Beatles fan?
Yes, he is a great player. He plays for Liverpool.
I don't know if he's in my playlist, but I do know he's a Beatles fan.
Me too! Laurie Halse Anderson starred in What's Up in the Woods. Have you seen it?
Wintergirls is a young-adult fiction novel written by Laurie Halse Anderson.
I will download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
I didn't know that. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Battleship is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Marc Forester starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Marc Forester starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Finding Neverland is a romantic comedy about a young man who wants to stay in a relationship with a young woman.
You're welcome!
Mockingjay is a speculative fiction novel written by James Dashner. Are you familiar with his work?
Have you read The Witching Hour? It is a great book.
Gregor the Overlander is a science fiction film.
Yes, he is a famous author. He wrote The Little Friend. Have you read it?
Yes, Elizabeth is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Little Miss Sunshine?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
I haven't seen any of her movies, but I know she starred in Little Miss Sunshine, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
A Walk to Remember is a young-adult fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know of any other books by him, but I do know he wrote A Walk to Remember.
Yes, True Believer is a drama, do you like those types of books?
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird, or To Kill a Mockingbird.
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but he was in The Matrix and The Matrix.
I'm not sure, but I know he was in The Matrix.
I'm not sure who directed Mystic River. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Did you know that Simon West directed The Expendables 2?
I don't know much about his recent movie but he did star in The Expendables 2
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
No I haven't heard of 2012 but I know it was written in English and was released in 2012.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
My Cousin Rachel is a Romance novel. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Jamaica Inn came out in 2005. It is a mystery film.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I haven't been in a long time since they play in Pittsburgh. Who is your favorite stadium?
i am not a big fan of him. do you like any other sports?
I think he is a good coach but i don't know much about him. Is he a good coach?
I think they will make it to the super bowl this spring
I am a fan of Justin Timberlake. Did you know he starred in The Wedding Planner?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but it's a romantic comedy.
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her music?
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Tyra Banks also starred in the movie Tyra Banks, have you seen it?
No, I didn't know she was a doll in that movie. Is that a movie?
Do you like Joseph Sikora because Joseph Sikora starred in the movie, or because Joseph Sikora?
The Watcher is a drama. Do you like The Watcher because it is a thriller?
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Watcher, which is a thriller.
You are welcome!
Me too! She wrote Where Rainbows End, which is a great book.
I don't know a lot about any other poets, but I do know that she is a poet and author.
You're welcome!
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Yes, Toni Morrison wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
The Bluest Eye is speculative fiction
You might like The Bluest Eye, it is genre fiction
Enter's Game was written by Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome
Downfall is a war film. Do you like war films?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it is a Biography.
You are welcome.
Andrew Stanton starred in a lot of movies. He's a director, director, and director. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. He also starred in The Walt Disney Company.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Crucible is a Drama and Drama. Do you like Drama books?
Harald Kloser also wrote "Apocalyptic fiction" and "2012".
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in What's Your Number? and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It was released in 2004. It's a romantic comedy.
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, I have heard of In Bruges. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The movie was released in 2004 and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie The Prince of Egypt. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Chris Weitz starred in What's Your Number, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Chris Weitz also directed American Pie. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. Is that a drama?
Yes, he directed The Pallbearer. Have you seen it?
The Nightingale is a young adult fiction book written by William Nicholson. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is speculative fiction.
I don't know much about True Colors, but I do know that it is a Children's Literature.
I think he's a good tennis player but I don't know much about him. Do you like tennis?
The Expendables 2 is a sci-fi action/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Stephen C. O'Brien. Do you like his work?
Yes he did. It is a great movie.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a children's literature written by Christmas. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, that's right. Then you might also like The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat, too.
Yes they do along with The Sneetches and Other Stories. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Whiplash is a drama starring Melissa Benoist. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Longest Ride. Have you seen it?
Yes Tiago Riani also stared in The Longest Ride along side Tiago Riani.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy.
No I haven't seen Men of Honor either. Is that a romantic comedy?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a Lakers fan. I like the Lakers.
I agree! They have a good season this year.
Sure! Larissa wrote рат арамаов, and ес.
Eecccbl is a science fiction novel that was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Do you like the book because it is speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Notebook because it's a Romance.
Yes, it is written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, I'm a Redskins fan. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I know he is a Redskins fan. Do you know who he is?
I didn't know he was a Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year.
Yes, she wrote Rainbow. Have you read it?
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a self help book written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling and was released in 2013.
J.K. Rowling has written a number of great books. The next in the series is The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read it?
The Silkworm is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Thomas Lennon is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but it's a comedy-drama.
I haven't seen it but I know it is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Little House on the Prairie is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
I don't know much about her other than that she plays tennis. Are you a fan of hers?
I didn't know she was in the Hair Show but I do know that Serena is a professional tennis player.
I didn't know that! Yetunde Price is a tennis player. Is that your favorite tennis player?
Yes, The Lost Symbol made the best seller list.
Yes, Ron Howard also produced The Lost Symbol. Ron Howard also starred in Tom Hanks.
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Dan Brown also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for any Dramas like the Lost Symbol.
You are welcome!
Yes, X-Men Orgins:Wolverine is a sci-fi action film starring Matt Damon. Do you like sci-fi?
Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, you might like Zombieland or Zombieland.
Yes, he starred in Iron Man 2. He also starred in X-Men.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
It's a speculative fiction.
Tim Dolin also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey is a speculative fiction author. Do you like that genre?
Sutton has written a lot of great books. He has also written a book called The Power of Habit.
You are welcome
No, I haven't seen it but I know it's a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Ten, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'll add them to your list.
Gone with the Wind is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a historical fiction.
The Untouchables is a historical period drama starring Bruce Willis.
You are welcome!
I haven't heard of it, but I know it was written by Ryan Gosling. Do you like him?
He also wrote The Last Song. Have you read it?
No, I haven't read Every Breath. What else can I do for you?
I know they are a K-pop boy band. They are a K-pop boy band. Do you like their music?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories. Have you read those?
I don't know any other books that Cornelia Funke wrote. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Hangover Part II is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a science fiction movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like science fiction?
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read that one?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he is from India.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if he's been in anything else.
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
Yes, The Last Runaway was released in 2004 and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
The BFG is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Going Solo as a children's book and it was released in 1982.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them. Is they coached by Louis van Gaal?
Yes, he wrote The Magic Faraway Tree. Have you read it?
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, Stan Lee starred in The Incredible Hulk as well as The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Sure, it also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome!
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Joe Johnston starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Then you might like World War Z. It is a great action movie.
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sharp Objects is a suspense novel written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like suspense genre?
I don't know any other suspense books by Flynn, but if you like suspense, you might also like Sharp Objects.
Yes, it was made into a movie. It's a suspense/mystery movie.
What Do You Do was released in 2010 and is a suspense novel.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Cold Blood is a drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Transformers is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a Sci-Fi movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with him?
I'm not sure who directed it but I know it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome!
Sure! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote a complete illustrated movie companion, Eclipse: The Complete illustrated movie companion.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampires?
I'm not sure if it was written by Stephanie Meyer but it's a vampire series.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological thriller starring Bruce Willis
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Gap Creek is a romantic drama that was released in 2004. It is based on the true story of a young man who lives in a small town in Mississippi.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a golfer from Murrieta?
I don't know a lot about golf, but I do know that he is from Trinidad and Tobago. Do you like golf?
Yes, Julie Bowen starred in a lot of great movies. I think you'll enjoy this movie.
Sure! She starred in The Matrix, The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Situation. It's a romantic comedy.
The Situation is a drama
The 5th Wave is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know the name of the movie but I do know that it was released in 2016. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Last Star is a sci-fi movie. If you like sci-fi you might also like The Dark Knight.
If you like mystery you should check out The Last Star. It is a science fiction movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. I love her music. I like her music. What about you?
Did you know that she starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy?
Did you know she was also a musician? I didn't know that.
Isn't he a great actor. He starred in The Matrix?
No, I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like Ted too. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! He's a great singer. Do you like him because he's a singer?
I like Selena Gomez a lot
Yes he did a great job with his music
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Star Wars.
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well. He also starred in The Wolverine.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Click is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes he did and 50 Dates was directed by Dennis Dugan
You are welcome
He's a great actor. He starred in The Man in the Iron Giant and The Man in the Iron Giant.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1847.
Yes, it is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
I hope you enjoy it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I know he is a writer, screenwriter and screenwriter. He wrote Into the Wild. Do you like his work?
I do! I love Sia Furler's music. She's a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
Yea, he's done a bunch of different kinds of music. One of my favorites is Rhythm and Blues. Have you heard of it?
Yea, he's similar to Coldplay. I think you'll enjoy his music.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Matrix, The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Bobby is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know who else stars in Peter and Paul, but I know Anthony Hopkins also starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I do, he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Yes he's with the Denver Nuggets too. He's a point guard too.
I'm not sure if Space Jam is a classic. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1847
You're welcome
Simona Halep plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Yes, they do. I like Serena better than Venus.
Yes, she lost to Serena and Serena too.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but he's coached the Redskins.
I'm not sure, but they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Life and Times of the Wicker Man. Are you a fan of her work?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 1847.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde is speculative fiction.
If you like horror, you should check out The Manchurian Candidate. It's a great book.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't know.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard. it is a speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
You Can Win is a romantic comedy that was released in 1997.
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by Fountainhead. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Ayn Rand also wrote We the Living, which is a historical fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Dracula because it is written by Nina Auerbach or because it is a fantasy?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, which is a horror book.
The Girl Next Door is written by Robert Mark Kamen.
The Girl Next Door is a horror book.
Sure! She wrote Mayes, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Mark Twain. Do you like his work?
I haven't seen it but I do know it is a science fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie! I think you'll enjoy it.
Michael Byrne also starred in The Godfather. He's a great actor.
Kevin Spacey also starred in Vampyres and Tomorrow Never Dies.
You are welcome!
Seamus Heaney wrote The Yellow Submarine.
Beowulf is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It is written in English and is a great read.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator. Have you seen it?
Brian Thompson starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Lionheart is a science fiction film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like science fiction films?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but it is a great adventure film.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome!
Sure! Martin McDonagh starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths is starring Denzel Washington. It's a psychological thriller.
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of films?
I agree, he's a great player. I think he won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year award.
I don't watch much basketball but I do know he is a point guard for the Rockets.
I agree. Willie Green is a great shooting guard as well.
Sure! Do you like the book because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
Alien is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he is the producer of Alien 3. He also wrote Alien 3.
I don't know if he produced anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, The Project Effect is a science fiction novel that was released in 2013.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2013.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote The World According to Garp, and The Sea of Monsters.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Olympus Has Fallen.
Danny Lerner has produced a lot of great action films such as The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
War Inc is written by Robert Mark Kamen. He also wrote The Manchurian Candidate.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yup, they starred together in the movie together.
I don't know if he is friends with Will Smith, but I know he was in a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake.
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and was released in 1847.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a classic.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are in the American League East.
I don't know too much about baseball but I know he owns the Yankees.
I am not sure about that, but I know he was a baseball fan too.
I haven't heard of Michael Jackson. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Yes, he is a very talented artist.
I think Saina Nehwal is a great athlete. Do you like her?
Did you know that Saina Nehwal also starred in What's Your Number?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Saina Nehwal starred in Wembley Stadium in Western Europe.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like her work?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a fantasy novel written by Stan Lee. Do you like fantasy books?
Steve Kloves has written The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure film starring Maggie Smith
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Gillian Flyn wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
Sharp Objects is Speculative fiction
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one
You are welcome
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy. Have you read it?
Then you might like the Psychological Thrillers, or the Psychological Thrillers.
I'm not sure, but it's part of the Dune series. It's part of Dune series.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Then you might like The World of Ice and Fire, it is a great family comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Eye of the World is a young-adult fiction book written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
The Wizard of Oz is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure! It's a romantic comedy that was released in 2004. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her work?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I have heard of Ape House. It is a great book.
I will have to check it out. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Thank you.
Beautiful Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire and was released in 2011
Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction
John Travolta starred in Pulp Fiction. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Have you seen those?
James Franco was also in Walk the Line
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them. Is that a sports team?
I am not a big fan of the Nets. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I like Lakers. I'm more of a Lakers fan. Do you know who the Lakers are?
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you read those?
The End of Watch was released in 2004.
It's a great movie! It stars Tom Everett and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I can't find any information on that, but I can tell you it is a crime movie.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
Yes, it is part of a series. Another Fantasy novel is The Looking Glass Wars.
The Looking Glass Wars was released in 2005.
Marion Zimmer Bradley is a writer, director, and director. She wrote The Little Friend. Have you read it?
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Marion Zimmer Bradley is the author of the fantasy novel The Mists of Avalon, which is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
John Ratzenberger also starred in What If, which is a romantic comedy.
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Weiner wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read it?
The Next Best Thing has a genre of Comedy-drama. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou but I know it is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Joel Coen also wrote The O Brother, Where Art Thou. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but he wrote O Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome!
He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Wally Lamb wrote Wally Lamb. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Wishin' and Hopin' and Hopin'': A Christmas Story was released in 2005.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was released in 2005.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Yes, he has written a lot of great books. Some of my favorites are The Fault in Our Stars and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, he was. He was also a writer as well.
Leo dicaprio is a romantic comedy. Do you like his work because it is a drama?
Mark Wahlberg also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like Mark Wahlberg, you might want to check out The Maze Runner or The Maze Runner.
Haas Haas has been in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, they both starred together in a movie, Wide Sargasso which is a romantic comedy
You're welcome!
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 1847.
C.S. Lewis also wrote The Shadows of the Sun. It is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Neill Blomkamp starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure, but District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt starred in it. She is a great actress.
You're welcome!
I think she's a singer/songwriter. I don't know much about her but I know she starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe.
I like some of her songs. Have you ever heard of Call Me Maybe?
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan of soccer?
Javier Hernández is also a player on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Oh yes. I like his comedies. There's Something About Mary is a romantic comedy, and he also wrote There's Something About Mary. Have you seen it?
Me, Myself & Irene starred in Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, and Jim Carrey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
He's a point guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Well, he's playing for the Timberwolves.
Yeah, I like the Bulls. Who is your favorite basketball player?
Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Green. Are you interested in young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Lois Lowry wrote Lois Lowry, which is a historical fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twits. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Quentin Blake wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure when it was released but it is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns and Paper Towns.
You are welcome!
The Firm is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about that book?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. The same year The Last Battle was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Mary McDonnell starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Robert Redford also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Scarlett Johansen also starred in What's Up in the Air?
The Horse Whisperer is a Action/Adventure film
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a science fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
I haven't, but I do know that Sweenter is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, it is a great song. I think you'll enjoy it.
Robin Williams starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a comedy also starring Pierce Brosnan.
Yes, Leslie Dixon starred in Mrs. Doubtfire, it is a comedy.
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure who starred in this movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, you might like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
Sure, The Crucible is a Romance novel that was released in 1847.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars by Christopher Bigsby, it is a tragedy.
The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby
You are welcome!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Russel Westbrook, but I know he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know they are part of the NBA. Do you like basketball?
He plays the Midfielder.
Sure! Mary Harron starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Mary is a psychological thriller
You are welcome
It was released in 2005
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Matrix was written by Matrix. He also wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Andy Wachowski wrote The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans is a romance novel.
I do not know who starred in it. Is it a drama?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Andy Tennant starred in a lot of movies. He's also a director and a director. He's a director.
Fool's Gold is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like his acting?
Yes! He starred in Fool's Gold, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Stephen Dubner starred in The Devil Wears Prada. It's a Thriller.
Sure, he wrote a book called The Gods of Atuan
you are welcome
I haven't seen it but I know he starred in the movie Taxi Driver. Are you familiar with his work?
Taxi Driver is a Taxi Driver movie, do you like Taxi Driver because it is a Taxi movie?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez but I know he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes he did. He is a midfielder for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes he is great. Is he a midfielder?
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in England.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes it was the sixth book in the series. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes they were both in that series and the Deathly Hallows was written by JK Rowling.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is a book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
The movie is based on the true story of O Brother, Where Art Thou. It is based on Greek Mythology.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book. Tenessee Williams also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. Have you read it?
The Glass Menagerie is a novel that was released in 1847. It's a great book.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Isn't he a table tennis player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in China.
Yes, the summer olympics was where the summer olympics took place.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know much about them, I am a Giants fan. Do you know who they are?
I don't know much about them, I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
I am a fan of American football. Isn't he a soccer player?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, it is too harsh for young children. It's more of a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Do you like Horse and His Boy because it's too harsh?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard of it, but I know it was written by Jennifer Weiner. Do you like her work?
Did you know that Susanne Grant also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for other comedies that she wrote.
I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Dean Koontz stars in Odd THomas. Do you like him?
If you like Odd Thomas you may want to check out Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz. It's based on the genre of Thriller.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jane Austin wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is speculative fiction
Pride and Prejudice is a Romance novel that was released in 1817.
Jane Austen starred in Sense and Prejudice, which is a historical fiction film.
You're welcome!
Do you like Titanic because it's a romantic comedy?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romance film.
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book written by Veronica Roth. Are you familiar with her work?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It is also dystopian fiction.
Me too! Anne Fletcher wrote The Proposal. Have you read it?
I didn't know that. I know Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal is a romantic comedy
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote The Pallbearer. Have you read it?
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
They Do it with Mirrors is a mystery novel. Have you read it?
Yes, I do. She starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. You should watch it.
Ralph Fiennes also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, John Woo directed The Woo, which is a drama.
Red cliff is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You might like World War Z. It is also a war film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Madagascar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help you with.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Great Gatsby. It's a historical fiction.
I'm not sure, but The Worlds End is a science fiction film starring Scott Pilgrim.
Yes he did. Shaun of the Dead is a science fiction film starring Tom Hanks.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, Oklahoma is called the Lakers. The team is called the Lakers
A Grief Observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1942.
I don't know what else he wrote, but I can tell you that it was released in 1961.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player but I don't know much about him other than he plays tennis.
Yes, he is a tennis player from London, and he is also an athlete
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he did! I hope that he did.
Eric Schlosser is an author, a film producer and director. He starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Walt Whitman is a journalist and a journalist. Do you like his work?
It is considered children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a science fiction film starring Will Smith.
Yes he is. He starred in The Skulls with Hill Harper.
I'm not sure when he passed. Isn't he an actor in Takers?
Peter Krause starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
The Truman Show is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
I have heard of him, he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Are you a fan?
Fannie Flagg wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read it?
I Still Dream About You is a romantic comedy that was released in 2003
I Still Dream About You is a psychological thriller that was released in 2010
You're welcome
That's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Andy was a great grown up and starred in The Hangover series.
Toy Story 3 is based on the saddest tale of Toy Story 3. It is based on the true story of a young man who lives in the saddest state of his life.
Sure! Do you like Memento because it's a thriller?
You might like Shark Night. It's a psychological thriller starring Katharine McPhee.
I'm not sure who starred in Wicker Park but it's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Auels which is speculative fiction.
The Valley of Horses is considered a historical fiction. Is that something that you would like to know?
Yes, he wrote "The Valley of Horses" and "We the Living."
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. It is part of the series The Battle of the Labyrinth.
Yes, he did. It is part of a series. It is part of the series.
I think he is playing for FC Bayern Munich II.
I don't know much about him either. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a midfielder?
I am not a huge football fan. Is he a good player?
i don't know much about soccer. what sport do you like?
I haven't seen any of those movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Winnie-the Pooh.
Yes, she wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a teen drama
You are welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in The Family Man?
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh also starred in The Wedding Planner.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome!
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The novel is based on the true story of a young man who lives in the United States of America.
I know she is a football player, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that. Is that a sport you like?
I don't know much about them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure if they play in London. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about their coach Pete Carroll. Are they a football team?
He wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read that one?
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Sanderson Chronicles. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote The Hero of Ages as well as The Hero of Ages.
Yes, NARUTO was released in 2008
You are welcome!
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has directed a lot of great movies. One of my favorites is The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
X-Men 2 is a sci-fi action/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure if it is a Thriller but X-Men 2 is a Thriller.
I haven't seen X-Men 2 but X-Men 2 is a super hero thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Bruce Willis starred in Unbreakable with Bruce Willis. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Terry Gilliam starred in Wonderland. Have you seen that movie?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a fantasy adventure film directed by Terry Gilliam, who also wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
You're welcome!
You're welcome
The Lucky One is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
The Wedding is a romantic drama that was released in 2014.
Yes, Zane Grey wrote The Wedding and The Guardian. The Guardian is a Romance novel.
You are welcome!
The Wolf of Wall Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Art of French Cooking is a non-fiction film starring Tom Hanks. It is also a non-fiction film.
You're welcome!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
The Clan of the Cave Bear is a Historical novel that was released in 1847. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Callum Rennie starred in XistenZ. it is a comedy.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov.
It was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1847.
Poirot Investigates is a novel by Agatha Christie. Would you like to hear about other books by her?
Dark Places is a mystery novel written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like mystery books?
Sure, The Scar is a mystery novel written by Christopher Paolini and is part of a series.
Yes, The Theory of Everything is a science fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Lames Marsh directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
Sure, The King is a science fiction film directed by James Dashner.
Total Recall is a science fiction movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like science fiction movies?
He starred in The Wedding Planner. Have you seen that movie?
Ronny Cox also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You are welcome.
Do you like Dracula because it's written by Nina Auerbach or because it's a mystery?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Brave is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, there are many great Pixar movies. One of my favorites is The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I don't know much about soccer. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, Luis Fabiano also plays for the Brazilian national football team
Yes, I do. He's a great director. Did you know he starred in The Matrix and The Matrix?
Yes, it's a drama and crime story. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about cricket but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about cricket but I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about cricket. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 1985. It is a very cute book.
It was released in 1985. It is a cute book.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an author. He wrote Wild Cards. Have you read it?
I don't know if they have a copy in English but Wild Cards is in English.
Perfect Chemistry was written by Simone Elkeles. Would you like to know more about her books?
Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. Do you like movies starring him?
Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. Would you like to know more about him?
Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs was written by Steve Jobs and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any information on that book, but I can tell you it was written by Steve Jobs. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! Sever and Fever is a science fiction novel that was released in 2010. It is a great read.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, he wrote True Believer. It is a Romance novel.
True Believer is a book called True Believer. It is a young-adult fiction.
True Believer is a Romance novel. It is a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them because they are a football team?
I don't know much about the Cheerleaders but I do know that Jason Garett is from Pennsylvania.
That's great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer who plays for Pune Warriors India.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. Do you like his work?
Yes, if you like horror films you might like The Manchurian Candidate which is a horror film.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like books by Harper Lee?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I think Saina Nehwal is a great athlete. Do you like her?
No, I haven't heard of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Isn't Zlatan Ibrahimovi an athlete?
I have heard of Serena Williams, but I don't know much about Serena. Is Serena a tennis player?
Adam Levine is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. He starred in What's Your Number. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a musician and a musician.
I don't know anything else about Bahati Prinsloo. Are you familiar with his work?
Kick Ass starred Keanu Reeves. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Kick-Ass was directed by Nicolas Cage.
Yes Nicolas Cage starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a very talented artist. Do you like his music?
I do know that Zakira is a musician. I know he is a musician.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician.
Inside Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's a great actor. She also starred in The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a romantic comedy. It's a good one. It's based on the true story of a true love story.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is a Thriller/Drama. Are you a fan of that genre?
I'm not sure what Liam Neeson starred in but it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure. Schindler's List is a historical drama. Do you like historical dramas?
You are welcome.
The great gatsby is a speculative fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on any other books in the same genre. Do you like Fantasy?
If you like Fiction you should check out The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a children's literature written in 1847. It's a great book.
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote The Virgin Suicides which is speculative fiction.
I do. Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, which is speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, she is an amazing singer. I think she's a great singer.
I don't know what year she released, but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
The Muppets is a romantic comedy
No I don't know much about her
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I know Lamar Jackson is a quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens.
Yes, he is very talented. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is also a Young-adult fiction.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead. It is based on the true story of a young-adult fiction novel.
You may want to check out Young Adult Fiction, which is a Young-adult fiction novel.
Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't have any information on any other books by Lois Lowry, but I can tell you that Lois Lowry also wrote The Shadows of Earth.
The Giver is speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Are you familiar with this author?
Then you might enjoy The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's a romantic comedy?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he wrote The Moonrise Kingdom. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure who else is in it, but I know it is a romantic comedy.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's speculative fiction?
It was written by Roger Avary and stars Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller/Drama.
He was also a writer and a musician. He was also a director.
I'm not sure but it's a horror movie.
I do! She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that movie?
She was also in the movie Aliens. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
That's a great song. Did you know Lady Gaga was born in Nashville?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Lady Gaga is a singer/songwriter.
Sure! Colleen McCullough wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read those?
The Thorn Birds was released in 1847 and The First Man in Rome was released in 1847.
There are many great dramas that you may enjoy. The Last Man in Rome is a great one.
Yes, Alison Doody starred in The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen that movie?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade came out in 2004
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Tom Hanks
You are welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets? It is a fantasy book.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read it?
Rebecca was released in 1843.
Yes, she was the author of the book.
Yes, he wrote The Memory Keeper. Have you read it?
Yes, he starred in Twilight Zone: The Muse. The Muse is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I do! You might like The Muse because it is a crime fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That's a great movie! Despicable me 2 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
Yes, he's great! Steve Carell also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote a lot of great books. You may want to check out some other ones he wrote. Have you read them?
Susan Meissner wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read it?
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Jeff Goldblum starred in Independence Day. Jeff Goldblum also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, I'm not a big fan of their coach Pete Carroll.
They lost to the Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
That's great! I'm not a big fan of the Patriots, but we're a Packers fan.
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
John Lennon also wrote Yellow Submarine. It's a classic!
Ant Man is a comic movie. Do you like comic movies?
I don't know much about comic books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Postman is a comic book. You may want to check out some other comic books. You may want to check out the comic books.
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Pearl Harbor was written by James Dashner. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pearl Harbor is a war film starring Jennifer Garner. Do you like war movies?
Yes, I love Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Are you a fan of his work?
The next in the series is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Robert Mark Kamen.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I know he's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure if Steve James starred in it but I know he's a basketball player.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Journalist.
You're welcome!
They are a professional football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania. Do you like their coach John Fox?
Yes, it is a football team. Do you like football?
I like football. I also like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
The Apostle is a Romance film. It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is an athlete who plays basketball.
I'm not sure if he used them but he was a great athlete.
I wonder if he was in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypto.
Total Recall is a sci-fi/adventure movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Philip K. Dick also wrote X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypto.
The movie is based on a novel by Philip K. Dick. Philip K. Dick also wrote Apocalypto.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Denver Nuts. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen any of his movies but I know he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Last Sacrifice is a speculative fiction book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is speculative fiction
I'm not sure what genre of novels that I know of
You're welcome
Divergent is a speculative fiction book written by Veronica Roth. Do you like that genre?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the book because it is a speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote a lot of children's books. He also wrote The Little Friend and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
You might also enjoy The Witching Hour. It is a children's literature.
Yes, he also wrote Into the Wild which is Speculative fiction.
Yes. He also wrote Into the Wild which is a children's literature.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood is a great actor. He starred in The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in Wild Orchid.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much about him except he plays for the Green Bay Packers
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers
Yes, Elizabeth KOstova is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
The Historian is a horror book and The Swan Thieves is written by Elizabeth Kostova. Have you read it?
Emile Zola wrote The Swan Thieves and The Swan Thieves. Have you read those?
You are welcome.
A Little Princess is a children's literature similar to A Little Princess. Do you like childrens literature?
Yes, you are correct. John Updike also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Little Friend.
Yes, you are correct! Rabbit is the next in the Rabbit series.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him. I know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about Freak Freak. I'm more of a fan of the Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Linkin Park is still in the same band.
The Road is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Road is part of a series. The next in the series is Post-Apocalyptic fiction. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
He writes a lot of science fiction books as well as science fiction.
I'm not sure if he wrote science fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
The Green Mile is more of a drama/mystery/drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
I haven't seen 30 Rock, but if you haven't seen 30 Rock, i'm sure you will love it.
I haven't seen that show, but if you like satire, Parks and Recreation is a great show.
Yes, it's a satire show. If you like satire, you should watch The Invention of Lying.
30 Rock is a satire show.
Isn't she a football player? I don't know much about her.
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
I didn't know he was a soccer player. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like Adele too. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
I like Paul McCartney too. I think he's a great singer.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1971.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but The Illustrated Man is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Seth Gordon. He also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
I'm not sure who starred in Freakonomics, but I know it was directed by Seth Gordon.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Portugal national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for the Real Madrid C.F..
Yes, she's married to a woman named Victoria. She is very talented.
Total Recall is a sci-fi/adventure movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure! Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in a lot of movies. You may want to check out the sequel to Total Recall.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ella Enchanted stars Ella Enchanted. Do you like her work?
Ella Enchanted is a romantic comedy
Ella Enchanted is available to you
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in The Expendables 2 and The Lord of the Rings.
Irwin Kershner also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read it?
It was released in 1847 and is a Romance novel.
I'm not sure when it was published.
It's a historical fiction.
Law Abiding Citizen stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he was
No I haven't seen Love Ranch. What genres do you like?
Heart of Darkness is a novel written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Darkness of Persuasion.
Sure. The Portable Atheist is a series of books written by Theroux. He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Space Odyssey.
Yes, it is in the audiobooks.
J.M. Barrie wrote peter pan
The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie also wrote The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up.
It was written in English.
You are welcome!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Jane Eyre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield. Do you like his work?
Charles Dickens has written a lot of great books. Some of his most popular ones are The Fault in Our Stars and The Little Friend.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it is written by Spirit Bound.
Blood Promise is speculative fiction.
Spirit Bound is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He plays for the Switzerland national tennis team.
I am not a big fan of tennis but I do know that she is from Switzerland.
That's amazing. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Miami Heat.
I don't know much about basketball but I know he plays for the Detroit Pistons. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know he was a basketball player. Is he a point guard?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
The Looking Glass Wars is a similar book
you are welcome
Yes, it was turned into a movie. Did you know it was directed by Kristen Stewart?
Octavia Spencer won the Academy Award for Best Novel and The Help.
I'm not sure, but I know he was in The Help.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Maze Runner. He also directed The Maze Runner.
Yes, he did and he also directed State Fair.
Yes he did! He's a great actor. I hope you enjoy his work.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Pat Conroy because he wrote Speculative fiction or Speculative fiction?
Yes, Pat Conroy is a famous author. He also wrote The Prince of Tides. Have you read that one?
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Secret History and The Secret History of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Wise Blood is a science fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens. Are you familiar with that movie?
Bill Paxton starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Tom Hanks is also in it. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more about it?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, which is speculative fiction
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, which is a romance novel. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven is a writer, actor, and director. He wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me).
He also wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
Total Recall is a science fiction film directed by Paul Verhoeven.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Scott Kosar. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Undertow is a science fiction film directed by Stephenie Meyer. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Undertow.
The Thirteenth Floor is a great movie. It also starred Tom Hanks.
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
They are both in the fantasy genre. Do you like those genres?
The Golden Compass is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. It's a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
I'd recommend The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Everett starred in this movie.
Sean Harris also starred in The Prometheus, which is a drama.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do agree that they are a great baseball team.
Yes, they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I like the Red Sox, but I don't know much about baseball.
I'm not sure who is in the Equalizer. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! She was also in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure when it was released, but James Wilcox also starred in The Eye which is a psychological thriller film.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. He's from China.
Yes, that's right. Zhang Ziyi also starred in The Matrix.
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a good one.
Mark Twain is a great author. He also wrote The Son of Neptune and The Son of Neptune.
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is speculative fiction.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
The Hunt for Red October was written by John Green. It's a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
The genre is Romance and Historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, he is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in The Last Samurai?
Yes, he was. Luke Wilson also starred in Zoolander as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song a little bit. What about you? Do you like her music?
I didn't know that. I know Kevin Federline is a celebrity friend of Britney Spears. Do you like her music?
I like Black Snake Moan too. I think he was a great actor as well.
The Terminal is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Catch Me If You Can is a book written by Lisa Garner and was released in 2012.
Yes, The Terminal is a funny movie. It also starred Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Sure! Steve McQueen starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
The Great Escape came out in 2012. It's a prison break movie.
The Towering Inferno is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is a novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Robert Pattinson is the author of that.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a picture book.
Yes, do you like Monty Python because it's a Monty Python movie?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1937.
The Writers of Oz is a great movie
Yes it is in the Adventure genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is a great movie.
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. He plays for the Argentina national team.
I didn't know he was born in Barcelona. Is he a football player?
I wonder if Louis van Gaal is a great coach. I wonder if he's a good coach.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. He also starred in The Fugitive.
Yes, Sela Ward also starred in The Fugitive. Have you seen this movie?
Will do. Anything else?
Stephen Chbosky has directed a lot of great films. You may want to know who starred in this movie.
The Perks of Being a Walflower is starring Matt Damon and was written by Stephen Chbosky
Yes, Emma Watson starred in The Perks of Being a Walflower.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You are welcome.
Yes, Interview with the Vampire is starring Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
Tom Cruise also starred in The Vampire Diary. Have you seen this one?
Andres Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, I'm a Dodgers fan. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them. Are they a goof team?
That's right. They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I haven't been to a long time but I will have to check it out.
The Devil Wears Prada is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are correct. Laurie Metcalf also starred in Treasure Planet.
Yes, The Legend of Zorro is a historical period drama that also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Sure! William Friedkin wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which is a Romance film.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I don't know if he starred in any other thrillers, but if you like thrillers, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read it?
Yes, it is considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, Black-and-White is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them except that they are a professional basketball team based in Houston
I like basketball. I also like football.
I like tennis too. I also like tennis. What sport do you like?
Jonathan Dayton is a director, director and director. Do you like him because he's an actor?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No I do not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alan Arkin is a great actor. He also starred in The Polar Express. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sharapova is currently #1 on the WTA tour. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome!
David Oliver Relin has written a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, he also wrote The Magic Faraway Tree. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Ella Enchanted is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other books by Gail Carson Levine, but if you haven't read Ella Enchanted, she also wrote The Secret History and The Little Prince. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
It's a fantasy novel, it's part of a series.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I don't know if he has any potent dreams
Yes he is a free agent and he doesn't play anymore
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. He plays for FC Barcelona.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote Into the Wild.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is a science fiction novel written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you familiar with his work?
He wrote Apocalypto, which is a fantasy film.
It is a historical period drama that was released in 1985. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Divergent is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Yes she did. Allegiant is a speculative fiction novel.
PS, I Love You is a romance novel written by Frank Beddor. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Rainbows End is a novel written by her.
It is a romance novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Philip Pullman also wrote Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
You're welcome!
Sure! Renny Harlin wrote The Pallbearer, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shane Black also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
I like Sylvester Stallone. Do you know him?
That's right. Did you know Ricky Martin starred in The Bodyguard? He's a great singer.
Me Before You is a young-adult fiction written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Me Before You is a Sci-Fi book, do you like Sci-Fi?
It's a great movie! It's a science fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Isn't she a tennis player? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
Yes, she is very talented. I think she's a great tennis player.
I agree. Did you know that Serena is a tennis player?
I don't know much about them, I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but he is a good player
I like Hoop Dreams too, he's been in a lot of movies.
I know he plays for the Wales national football team. Are you a football fan?
Not really. I am a big fan of American Football. Do you like football?
I hope you enjoy it!
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides, The Prince of Tides, and The Prince of Tides.
The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or genre?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction book.
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Ian Fleming. It's a very good movie.
Well, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is based on the true story of Once Upon a Time in the West, which is based on the true story of Once Upon a Time in the West
City of God is a drama starring Christian Bale. Are you familiar with his work?
Well, City of God is a drama, and is in the Drama genre. Do you like drama?
The Manchurian Candidate is a drama that was released in 2004 and is a drama.
I'm not sure, but it's a drama starring Denzel Washington.
The Revenant is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a DJ. He is also a musician.
I think he's a great tennis player but I don't know much about him. Are you a tennis fan?
I like tennis. I am a huge tennis fan. What about you?
I like Serena Williams, but I don't know much about her. What sport do you like?
Sylvia Day wrote My Soul to Take. Have you read that one yet?
The genre is fiction
You are welcome
Rob Riggle starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't know what song she sing but I do know that she is a singer. Do you like her?
I haven't heard anything from her last album, but I do know that Anne-Marie was a singer.
I do like Sia Furler. I like Sylvester Stallone. Do you know him?
I didn't know that song. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a cricket player from Dehli. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he is a professional boxer.
I'm not sure, but I know Hayden Panettiere is an athlete.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in a science fiction film called Sense of Snow, which is science fiction.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It was released in 1989 as well as a science fiction film.
Do you like the movie because it's speculative fiction?
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey. Have you seen it?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a fantasy movie. It's also a fantasy movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes! Kevin Zegers starred in Zoom. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
I don't know of any other books by her but I do know she wrote The Wedding
I'm not sure of any other dramas. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the India national cricket team.
I'm not a big fan of tennis. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Sharp Objects was written by Gillian Flynn and is a suspense novel. Do you like suspense genre?
I don't know if she wrote anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a new book. I think you'll like it.
Sure! Dominic Cooper starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it is a musical and a musical. Do you like musicals?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer and a singer. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are part of the National League.
I'm not a huge fan of baseball. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I haven't watched that game, but I heard it's a great place to visit.
I like Aaron Rodgers too. I'm a Packers fan.
I'm not sure when it came out. I'm not sure what year it came out.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Wayside School is a Romance novel written by Louis Sachar, have you read it?
It is a children's literature, do you like that genre?
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about golf but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I agree. Entourage is a drama. It's more of a Thriller/Drama.
I hope you enjoy them!
H.G. Wells wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man and The Time Machine.
The Time Machine was released in 2004 and is a Sci-Fi book.
No I haven't seen it but I know it is a Sci-Fi movie starring Bill Murray.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who stars in this movie but The Time Machine is a Sci-Fi movie. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about Willie Green, but I know he is a shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm sure you will enjoy the game.
I don't know much about them except that they are in the World Series. Are you a Yankee fan?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are coached by George Steinbrenner.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know that the Yankees are part of the American League East and the Boston Red Sox.
I know that Psycho is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano starred in Psycho which is a thriller.
I don't know much about his recent work but if you haven't, he's been around a while since he's done.
I don't know much about soccer. Is that a soccer team?
I don't know much about them, but if I'm not mistaken he's a businessperson.
I'm not sure if he's a good businessperson but if he's a good owner he's also a producer.
Do you like Rocky because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't know any other movies that Sylvester Stallone starred in but if you like action you may want to check out Shark Night. Have you seen it?
Creed is a Sci-Fi action/adventure film that was released in 2001.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Michael Crichton wrote a lot of great books. He has written a lot of great books. He wrote a lot of great books such as The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight. Have you heard of those?
The Great Train Robbery was released in 2004 and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure what latest movie he's done, but I can tell you more about Orlando Bloom's movies.
I don't know, but it is starring Orlando Bloom
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more about this author?
Yes, it is a romance novel.
Yes, you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a Gothic fiction.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, he directed The Manchurian Candidate. He also directed The Manchurian Candidate.
Jurrasic World is a adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Eric Stoltz starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
That's a great movie! Rosanna Arquett also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
That is correct. Rosanna Arquett also starred in The Great Gatsby.
That's a great one! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Rowdy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them but they are coached by Jerry Jones and owned by Jerry Jones.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a sci-fi action/adventure film. Are you interested in sci-fi?
I'm not sure if Sean Connery starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, Dark Places is written by Gillian Flynn and is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery?
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. Have you read it?
I don't know much about Gone Girl. What Do You Do is written by Flynn.
Yes, he is a great writer. I think you'll enjoy his work.
Yes I do. The Scar and Flynn is a great science fiction book.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him other than he plays Cricket. Do you like Cricket?
I'm not a big fan of Cricket. Is he a cricket player?
No I haven't. What sport do you like?
I'm not a big sports fan but if you're a fan of the sport you should watch the Superbowl.
You are welcome!
They are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas. Do you like them?
Looper is a comedy. It's a drama. Do you like comedies?
Warlock is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
It's a zombie movie. I think you'll like it.
If you like zombie films, you might also like The Walking Dead Dead.
The Great Gatsby is a drama. Do you like dramas?
He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Have you read those?
I'm not sure when they came out, but Arc de Triomphe is in English.
I'm not sure when Arc de Triomphe was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I think she's a great tennis player but I don't know much about her. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about the Williams sisters, but I do know the Williams sisters are a great tennis player.
I have never heard of it. Is it a sport you enjoy?
I am a huge fan of fashion. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Tennessee Williams and starred Tom Hanks.
Tennessee Williams is starring in this movie
Yes, he has written a lot of great books
You are welcome
In the Woods was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
In the Woods is speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
David Ayer is an author, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with it?
He has been involved in a lot of films. You may want to check out The Incredibles. It is a great movie.
Sure, the lead actor is Tim Robbins.
Sure, you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
I don't know much about them, but I do know the Bears are part of the NFC North. Are you a Packers fan?
He's been in a while. He's been in a few films. He's been in a while. He's been involved in a while, but he's been involved in a while.
The Social Network starred Matt Damon and Andrew Garfield
Social Network is a Social Network. The Other Boleyn Girl is a Social Network.
The Social Network was released in 2004 and is a music film.
The Social Network is a Social Network. It's a Social Network. It is a Social Network.
2010 is written by Roland Emmerich. He's a great actor.
You are welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm. Did you know Tobey Maguire also wrote The Ice Storm?
Rick Moody wrote The Ice Storm and it also starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel. Christopher Paolini also wrote The Inheritance Cycle. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade
I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, she wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete, a professional badminton player. Do you like her?
I don't know any other players like Saina Nehwal. Are you familiar with her?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Power of Thinking Without Thinking is a book similar to Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
Martin McDonagh is a director, director and director. Do you like his work?
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like science?
Yes he did. He directed The Manchurian Candidate which is a science fiction film.
Robin Williams starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, you might like The Wedding Planner. It is a family movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Homer wrote The Simpsons and The Simpsons. Have you read them?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but The Iliad and the Odyssey is a series of epic poetry.
The Odyssey is a great book. It is a great book.
I don't know much about them but I do know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I didn't know that. Who is your favorite football player?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Proposal is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
She starred in The Proposal which is a romantic comedy
Well Oceans 8 is a romantic comedy starring Sandra Bullock who also starred in Gravity
Tom Clancy wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a new book. It is a great book.
Yes he wrote Dead as well, Dead as alive.
They are a professional basketball team based in New York City, and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know who owns the team
Yes, they are a part of the NFC South.
You are welcome
In Bruges is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Colin Farrell starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2. Have you seen those?
I think you'll enjoy these Psychopaths.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
John Fox is one of the players of the Broncos. Are you familiar with the Broncos?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it but I do know Hollow Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes Michael Irby was in it and Matt Schulza. He is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it.
Have you seen the other Dystopia films? It's a dystopian film.
Yes, it is based on the book. Divergent is based on the book.
Great! Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a golfer born in Dallas. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him. Is he a golfer?
Yes, it is a Major League Soccer team. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am familiar with Maya Angelou. She's a great author.
Yea, I'm not sure of her other works. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know when it came out. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote она и мир and н и мир.
He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He starred in What's Your Number? and The Incredibles.
This is the End is a romantic comedy starring James Franco. It is a romantic comedy.
This is the End is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome!
You are welcome.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him except that he's a midfielder for Real Madrid C.F.
I haven't seen it but if I'm not mistaken he's a football player too.
Doctor Zhivago is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Vespers Rising is a fantasy novel written by Rick Riordan and is part of a series
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan as well as Young Adult
Sure! Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West. Have you read those?
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Juliet
Mary Ann Shaffer is an author of the book The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Sure! Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury, which is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like romance you may want to try Wicked Lovely by Ray Bradbury
Yes, The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 2004
You are welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about soccer.
Yes, he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
That's a great golf movie. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
Yes he was in Grown Ups. He's a great actor.
Yes, she was in Frida too. She's a great actress.
Joe Morton starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that movie?
What Lies Beneath is a thriller. Other thrillers you may like are The Fault in Our Stars and The Invisible Man.
Total Recall is a great action movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton. Do you like her?
Yes, he competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes he is from Hisar. He is also from India.
Thor is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Iron Man is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes he is a great actor. He also starred in The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
If you like adventure films, you might like The Avengers or The Avengers.
Eric Brees wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Thrillers are some of my favorites. You may want to check out Shark Night is a thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller film directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees also directed The Final Destination.
William Lee Scott also starred in a thriller called The Secret Life of Bees.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome!
Yes, she has overcome a lot of things. Did you know she starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I do know Pauly Shore is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Frank Miller starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix. Have you seen any of those?
It's a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about Pencil 300?
Sure, it is a sci-fi movie. In addition to Frank Miller, it is a sci-fi movie.
Sure, it is a sci-fi movie starring Vincent Regan and Michael Fassbender. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a horror film starring Kill Bill. Do you like horror films?
It's a great series! Kill Bill : Part of series: Kill Bill: Vol. 1 - Part of series: Kill Bill: Vol. 1 - Part 2. Kill Bill : Part of series: Kill Bill: Vol. 1 - Part 2. Kill Bill : Part of series: Kill Bill: Vol. 1 - Part II - Part II - Part II. Do you like Kill Bill: Part II?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is a romance novel.
That's right. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
I'm not sure, but Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Mortal Instruments is speculative fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes he was in Days of Thunder do you like him?
Tom Cruise starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them except that they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I like basketball. I like the Cowboys. What about you?
My Sister's Keeper is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
There's Smoke is a book similar to My Sister's Keeper.
No, I haven't read Plain Truth. Is that a genre you like?
I do, he plays for the Germany national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team. Is that a sport?
I do too. I love football. Is that your favorite sport?
Sure, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is speculative fiction.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
Yes, Milan Kundera is a professional footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he does. He was born in Poland and plays in Poland.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Denver Nuts. Do you like him?
I don't know who else is on that team, but I do know Drew Brees is a quarterback for the Saints
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a professional golfer born in Honolulu.
I don't know much about golf but I do know that Michelle Sung is from Honolulu.
Yes, she did win the U.S. Women's Open in 2005.
Mike Starr starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, it was released in 2010 and is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I didn't know he was in that movie. I know he was a musician and a musician.
I'm not sure if he's married to Justin Timberlake. Is he a musician?
Monsters Inc is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Disney is a great Disney movie. Do you like Disney?
There's The World According to Garp, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, she wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is speculative fiction.
The Ship of Brides is a romantic drama.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by Oz. Do you like children's literature?
No, I haven't. Is that speculative fiction?
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about tennis. Is he a tennis player?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I'm not sure if he lost against Marat Safin. Is that your favorite tennis player?
You're welcome
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Crucible. Are you familiar with that?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1851.
I hope you enjoy it!
Philip Pullman is a great author. Do you like him because he wrote Speculative fiction?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars by Philip Pullman? It's a mystery book.
You're welcome!
I haven't, but I know it was written by speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2010
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a children's literature that was released in 2010.
You are welcome!
Yes, I do. I love her music. What about you?
I don't know what song she does, but I do know that she's a singer/songwriter.
Yes, she starred in a movie called A Thousand Years.
Thor is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure! He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Godfather. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke is a novel that was released in 1847.
It is a Fictional novel. Would you like to know more?
I know he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and Portugal national football team.
I do like the Premier League. Is that a sport you like?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is yours?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
I think he is a good coach but I don't know much about the Browns. I think he's a good coach.
Peter Weir directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. Peter Weir starred in it as well.
Yes, she is a great singer. I love her music. Do you like her?
Yes, that is a great song. Did you know Selena Gomez is a singer?
Number the Stars is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any information on that book, but Lois Lowry also wrote Lois Lowry and is Speculative Fiction.
Yes, Xenocide is a Speculative fiction novel. It is a great book.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
Yes, it was. It's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix.
Yes he was in a lot of great comedy films, such as X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
The cast of Submarine is Rick Riordan. The cast of Submarine is James Franco.
He starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a great book written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Sure! Douglas Adams wrote The Road to Little Dribbling, which is a great book.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a fantasy novel written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know much about The Long Dark Tea-the-Time of the Soul. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like their music?
They are very similar to Nsync. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I like the Boys Boys Boys. They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know he was a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens. Do you like football?
I'm a fan of football. I like to watch baseball.
Do you like Sci-Fi because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a science fiction film.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Matt McCoy. Do you like Sci-Fi?
You are welcome!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is a great movie. You should check it out if you like comedy.
Yes, that is a great movie. Denzel washington also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like him because he starred in Unlawful Entry or because he was in it?
Yes! Rufus Sewell also starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
She also starred in a romantic comedy called Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
The Pianist is a biographical film starring Emilia Fox. Emilia Fox also starred in Aliens
You are welcome
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is a tennis player.
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Smokin' Aces starred in American Gangster and Smokin' Aces. Smokin'' Aces also starred Serena.
I don't know where Serena is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Interview with the Illusionist is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Illusionist and Interview with the Assassin is a suspense film. Neil Burger also wrote Interview with the Assassin.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Do you like Sci-Fi or Dramas?
It was written by Roland Emmerich. It is a Thriller.
I'll add it now.
Sure! Do you like Silence because it's a mystery or because it's part of a series?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Pandemonium was written by Lauren Oliver and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium is part of a series. Other books in the same genre are Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale. Have you read those?
I'm not sure who wrote that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Madonna. I love her music. What about you? Do you like her music?
Yes, it's a great book. I think Madonna is a singer/songwriter.
I'm not sure, but it's a great song.
I agree. Did you know that Madonna starred in a couple of movies? I'm not sure if that's true.
That's great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it was a great movie. It also starred Matt Damon and was written by David Osborn.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
It was written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
I don't know any other books by him, but Fredrik Backman is a scientist and author.
Sure, he wrote The Graveyard Book. Have you read it?
Zoo also has genre Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it's a romantic comedy?
I agree! He's a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who directed it, but it's a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Yes, Darren Aronofsky wrote The Pallbearer. Have you seen it?
Requiem of a Dreams is starring Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams is starring Mickey Rourke
Yes, he directed The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Apocalypse Now is a science fiction film directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you familiar with his work?
Apocalypse Now is a science fiction film that also starred Tom Hanks.
Mr and Mrs. Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is a romantic comedy. It is also a comedy.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Yes, Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read it?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Eddie Redmayne.
The Pillars of the Earth is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football. Who is your favorite football player?
Yes, he's a great coach. I think he's a good coach.
Mad Max Fury is a sci-fi thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, that is correct. Tom Hardy also starred in The Brave One.
Yes, he is also a musician and a musician.
Yes, she has starred in The Brave One as well as The Brave One.
You are welcome!
E Lockhart wrote The Secret History and The Magic Faraway Tree. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2004
We Were Liars was released in 2014 and also has a genre of Historical fiction
You're welcome
Do you like the movie because it's a romantic comedy?
Well, if you haven't read anything by Stephen King, he's a great author. He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's based on a book by Leonard Goldberg.
Will do! Enjoy!
I know he plays for the Wales national football team. Are you a football fan?
He's a Forward. He's also a Midfielder.
I didn't know Winger is from Wales. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you like her music?
I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do know that she's a singer/songwriter.
Yes, she does a lot of attention to her music. Is that what you think of her music?
Yes, it was written by Misery. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen it but I know it is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I haven't seen any of his movies, but I know he's a writer and a musician. Do you like him?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard. Are you a fan?
Where we belong was released in 2012 and was written by Emily Griffin.
It's a great movie! It also starred Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a comedy.
You're welcome!
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
Kazuguro also wrote When We Were Orphans. Have you heard of it?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Poland national football team.
Robert Lewandowski plays Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you heard of it?
The Selection is based on a novel by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass wrote The Selection.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi movie?
If you like action, you might also like The Hunger Games, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure who stars in it but it is Sci-Fi. Is that something you might like?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sharp Objects is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
Life of Pi is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a science fiction film starring James Franco. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is a Fiction/ Mystery movie.
The Tipping Point is a speculative fiction book written by Richelle Mead.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a self help book.
I don't know if he does, but he is a great author. I think you will enjoy The Tipping Point.
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liam starred in a lot of great movies. He starred in a lot of great movies. He also directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen that?
Fair Game is a drama
X-Men is a great action film
Fair Game has a great cast. Will Ferrell is in it
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. He also directed Amadeus.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it
The Magician's Nephewis was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1953. Have you read it?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1847.
The Silver Chair was released in 2005 and is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays Cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
No I haven't heard of him. Is he a good cricket player?
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know if he starred in any movies, but he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes he has a few songs like The Voice, The Voice, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces is written by James Dashner. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he also wrote A Million Little Pieces, which is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
Michael Crichton is a writer, director and director. Do you like his work because it's a thriller?
he has written a lot of good books
A Killing in Zion is a fiction book
you are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich. Do you like football?
I like American Football. What sport do you like?
Who is your favorite basketball player? I don't know much about basketball.
Ken Kesey wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote "Go Further" with Woody Harrelson.
I don't have any more information on that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Matrix and The Matrix. Are you familiar with those?
I don't know what else he wrote, but I do know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
It's a speculative fiction.
You are welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
I'm not sure who else starred in Stuck on You
Eva Mendes has been in a number of movies, including The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
American Sniper is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorite movies. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama, but it's more of a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
I do! Martin Scorsese wrote The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Yes. I like Gangs of New York because it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Step Brothers is a great Sci-Fi film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok. You should check out Zoolander. It's a comedy.
It's a romantic comedy. It also stars Robert De Niro. It's a comedy.
It is an adventure movie starring Adam Carolla. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome!
Yes! Toy Story 2 is a Sci-Fi/Adventure film starring Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks is a Romantic Comedy. He also wrote The Longest Yard. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks has produced some comedies that he produced. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes it is! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like Liam Neeson, you might also enjoy Star Wars: Episode V - The Phantom Menace. Liam Neeson also starred in Titanic.
The Lord of the Rings producer is J.J. Abrams.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them except that they are in the NFC South. Is that your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are my favorite team.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by John Farrell. Are they a baseball team?
Yes, John Farrell is from Monmouth Beach. He was a very talented person.
I don't know much about Wayne but I know Verona is from New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen that one but I've heard it's a great movie.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it's a sci-fi movie?
You might like The Hunger Games. It's a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
I'm not sure who starred in Goonies, but it's a fantasy movie.
I don't know a lot about Nicki Minaj, but I know he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
That's right. I think she's a pretty good singer.
I didn't know Woohoo is a pop song but I'm not sure how popular it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Then you might also like The Namesake and The Namesake.
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Dr. Seuss is a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Theodore is a cartoon movie starring Tom Hanks
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Then you will like The Lorax. Have you read it?
ok
I don't know much about them, but I know they are part of the NFC South.
I like the Washington Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Never Let Me Go was written by Neil Gaiman and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure if he has made any of his books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Ruben Fleischer wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It was released in 2004
I'm not sure, but Mirelle Enos also starred in The Matrix.
You are welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som hatar kvinnor.
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for other crime novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Akira Kurosawa wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I know he's a great actor.
Toshiro Mifuni, Yojimbo, and Toshiro are some of the movies he starred in.
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions is a science fiction film. what else can i do for you?
X-Men is a good one. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, the Redskins are my favorite team. I like the Cowboys though.
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I haven't seen it but I know it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he was also a voice actor. He was also a voice actor.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Great! Max Brooks also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Brad Pitt is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them, I'm a Red Sox fan. Are they a baseball team?
I don't know much about Baltimore Orioles, but I'm a Red Sox fan. Who's your favorite team?
They have a lot of good players. They're coached by Mike Zimmer. I'm not a big fan of Orioles.
Timur Bekmambetov starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Night Watch is a romantic comedy starring Timur Bekambetov. Wanted is a romantic comedy/drama film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jackman starred in it. He also starred in Monsters University.
That's a great movie! Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Sure! Douglas Adams is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Magic Faraway Tree. Are you familiar with his work?
The movie was released in 2005.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was also released that year.
You are welcome!
Yes, The Godfather is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Yes, Francis Ford Coppola also wrote The Godfather.
Great! He starred in The Godfather. I think you'll enjoy it.
Great! He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also wrote The Godfather II as well.
If you like dramas, you should check out The Godfather. It's a classic!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I didn't know Thorpe was the founder of the Green Bay Packers. Are you a Packers fan?
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them, but I'm a Bears fan. Are they a good team?
I'm not a big fan of the Bears. I think they will win the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know much about college football, but I like college football. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! 500 Days of Summer is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor starred in Beautiful Creatures, and Zooey Deschanel.
You Again is a romantic comedy, and a great movie! It is a great movie!
The Namesake is a speculative fiction book written by William Nicholson. Do you like that genre?
The Namesake is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel that was released in 2010.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen that movie yet?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like country?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Nashville. Is that a country singer?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Nashville.
Sure! She wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes! Pretty Little Liars is a TV series by Sara Shepard. Do you like her work?
Pretty Little Liars is also a TV series, which is also a TV series.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not a big fan of American football. I like American Football. Who is your favorite soccer player?
I didn't know that. Who is your favorite football player?
I don't know much about Pittsburgh Steelers. Are they a good team?
I don't know much about Tomlin, but I know he's a coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he's from San Francisco.
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in The Matrix. Are you familiar with that movie?
It's a great movie! It stars Sean Penn and Kevin Spacey. Do you like them?
I'll send it now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
That's a great book
Yes she did. She also wrote "Wood"
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
You may be interested in the book The Secret History or The Little Friend.
You are welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a movie based on the true story of a murderer.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie wrote The Pallbearer. It's a speculative fiction.
It was released in 1847
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a Romance novel written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. It is based on Greek Mythology.
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed Headhunters. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Imitation Game is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! And The Mountains Echoed was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
Yes, he wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
He's a point guard for the Timberwolves. Are you a fan of basketball?
Sure, he wrote The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you heard of any of those?
La La Land is a biographical film about a sassy-fantasy starring Will Ferrell. It is a historical fiction.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, she starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
The Situation is a biographical film starring Connie Nielsen. Do you like biographical films?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He's not too familiar with his work but I know he starred in What's Your Number?
It's a romantic comedy, do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes she did! I love that show too.
I haven't, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like him?
Monkey House is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
To Kill A Mockingbird is a drama. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Last Lecture is written by Nicholas Sparks and was released in 2005.
Yes, he did. Randy Pausch also starred in The Last Lecture.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Jonathan Levine starred in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Wackness is a romantic drama.
The Wackness is starring Matt Damon and is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read Treasure Island, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond. Have you read it?
I'll start with The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Sure! Roman Polanski wrote The Incredibles. It's a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote a lot of great movies. One of my favorites is The Fountains.
2004
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure! Jack London starred in a lot of great movies. He's a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
That's right, he also wrote The Call of the Wild, which is a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan has been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, James Franco starred in Pineapple Express. He is a great actor.
I'm not sure but I know Judd Apatow also starred in The Matrix, which is a great movie.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
He wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus and Frankenstein.
Frankenstein is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
It is written in English and is a great book.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who starred in it but it is classified as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Im Westen nichts Neues.
He translated The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The House of Sand.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes! Denzel Washington starred in The Siege. He is a great actor.
The Siege also stars Denzel Washington. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was in Volcano High. He is a great actor.
You are welcome!
I'm not a huge baseball fan. I'm more of a Mets fan. Do you like them?
I don't know much about baseball but I do know Fred Wilpon is from New York.
I am not a huge fan of baseball but I do know that Fred Wilpon is a baseball fan.
Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
It was released in 2005, and is a great read.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know a whole lot, but I know he wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
Yes, Eli Wallach starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on any other movies in the same genre.
Sure, I can add Once Upon a Time in the West to your list.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is a writer and a scientist. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House is a speculative fiction written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Then you might also enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Sure, he's directed a lot of great movies. Some of his latest ones are Into the Wild, Into the Wild. Have you seen those?
Tom Everett starred in it. Do you like him?
I don't know any other movies he's starred in. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like him because he starred in Unlawful Entry or because he's a musician?
It came out in 2005 and is a Romance film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Brad Garrett starred in Brad Garrett. He starred in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Underdog is a science fiction film starring Matt Damon. It is a science fiction film.
Jay Leno has been in a lot of movies. He starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate to name a few.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I know the Philadelphia Eagles are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't watch much football but I do know the Philadelphia Eagles are part of the NFC East.
I like the Washington Redskins. What team do you like?
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also stars Sam Mendes. Sam Mendes also starred in The Bodyguard. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Incredible Hulk is a great movie! It stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
You might like The Incredible Hulk. It's a Sci-Fi movie. Is that something you might like?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Die Hard starring Bruce Willis is a great action movie
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypto.
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Matrix, The Matrix and The Matrix.
Yes, she was also in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts has been in a lot of movies. She's been in a number of things. She's been in The Wedding, The House of Mirth, and The House of Mirth to name a few.
Yes, X-Men Origins is a sci-fi action/adventure film starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
The Change-Up is starring Ryan Reynolds. It's a Sci-Fi/Adventure/Adventure film.
You're welcome!
Louis Leterrier has directed many great films. He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Transporter stars Tom Hanks and Kevin McNally. Are you familiar with those actors?
I don't know anything else about him, but I can tell you that he is a scientist and a scientist. Do you like his work?
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a great book called  [Z no shmetsu].
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel that was released in 1847. It is a Romance novel.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. You might like The Tales of Beedle the Bard. It is a historical fiction.
You are welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Cruise starred in Eyes Wide Shut, have you seen it?
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Well if you like Bruce Willis, you may want to check out Bruce Willis' movies.
You are welcome
I know he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Do you like him because he is a composer?
I don't know too much about his music but I do know that he is a musician too
Leonard Nimoy starred in Ocean's Eleven which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes he was
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction novel written by Hilary Swank.
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It came out in 1922 as speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again. He's a great actor.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read it?
I'm not a fan of adventure, but I do know Yann Martel is a great writer.
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, which is a great adventure film.
It's a great one. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
i dont have that information
you are welcome
he also wrote The Power of Habit.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a basketball fan?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player. Is he a point guard?
Yes, he's a point guard too. He's a point guard too.
Frank McCourt wrote a book called Teacher Man. Have you read it?
Teacher Man is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
you are welcome
Silence of the Lambs is a young adult fiction novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Thomas Harris also wrote the book Silence of the Lambs. It is a speculative fiction.
It was released in 2004. It is a great thriller.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about soccer but I know they are coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer. Is he a football player?
Is he a midfielder?
Sure! Jack London wrote a book called The Wedding. Have you read it?
Yes, White Fang is a fiction book. Other fiction books are; To Build a Fire and The Sea Wolf.
Yes, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a romantic comedy?
I didn't know that. I know Richard Gere is a writer and a musician. Do you like his work?
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Undisputed with Richard Gere?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it's a comedy?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Secret Life of Bees?
I don't know a lot about him but I do know he is a writer and director
If you haven't read any of his other books, you should check out The Dark Knight. It's a classic.
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can do for you.
I don't know much about The Divergent Series. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in a lot of movies. He's a writer, director, and director. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote Shrek 2 and he wrote a lot of movies. Do you like animations?
I don't know much about baseball, but I'm a Yankees fan. Are you a Yankee fan?
I haven't been to a long time but I haven't been to the World Series. Are you a fan of baseball?
Minute Maid Maid is an American professional baseball player who plays point guard for the New York Mets.
Thomas Lennon starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
yes it is a television series and crime fiction.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than he plays football. Do you like football?
I'm not sure who the best team is the New England Patriots. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree! I hope that they have a good season.
King Kong is a sci-fi thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
He's a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He's a director, director, and director.
It came out in 2005
I don't know much about them, I'm a Denver Broncos fan. Are they your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Are they a good team?
Yes, he played for the Broncos. He's a great coach.
I'm not sure if he's in it, but he's a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, I'm a Yankees fan. Are they a baseball team?
I don't know much about MBA. I'm more of a Mets fan.
That's a good one. I like baseball. Do you like baseball?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I know he plays for the Timberwolves.
No I haven't. Isn't he a good actor?
Yes, Men in Black is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
You might like The Man in the High Castle, it is a sci-fi film.
I am not sure but it was directed by Lowell Cunningham.
You're welcome!
Batman Begins starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Golden Compass. Have you read it?
The Golden Fool was released in 2004.
Sure, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
It's a speculative fiction.
Yes, you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Sure! American History X is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Robert Pattinson starred in Lake of Fire
Lake of Fire is a documentary based on a true story of a father of two brothers who died of a poison poisoning.
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote , , , and .
The Flattered Flying Fish and Other Poems was released in 1962
Sure! Cheryl Strayed wrote Wildwood Dancing. Have you read that one yet?
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a fiction novel.
You're welcome
If You Give a Pig a Pancake is a great book written by Felicia Bond and released in 1985.
Yes. The same author is the author of If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
You're welcome!
Eyes Wide Shut is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like Eyes Wide Shut, you might also enjoy Eyes Wide Shut. It is a psychological thriller.
I don't know what lies beneath. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a young-adult fiction novel written in 1847
Yes, I hope you enjoy it.
The Godfather is a war film. Do you like movies in that genre?
Did you know that Larry Bird is a basketball player from Boston?
I'm not sure, but I know he's also a member of the Celtics.
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know much about basketball, but I know Chicago Bulls is a basketball team based in Chicago.
Yes, they will make the playoffs.
You are welcome
Dear John is a young-adult fiction book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, True Believer is a good one. It was released in 2013 and is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Crescendo is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a Romance novel.
Persuasion is a Romance novel that was released in 1817.
You're welcome!
Yes, Linkin Park is a music/musician/musician/musician/musician/musician/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter/songwriter
That's a good one. Did you know he starred in The Matrix? Have you seen it?
Andrew Stanton wrote and starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
Finding Nemo is a science fiction film directed by Andrew Stanton. Andrew Stanton also wrote The Little Friend.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in it. It is a Family/Animated film.
You are welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Martian. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in The Powerpuff Girls Movie.
The Powerpuff Girls Movie is a family movie. The Powerpuff Girls Movie is starring Tom Kane. It's a Family movie.
You are welcome!
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer who plays for Pune Warriors India.
Yes, he is a famous bowler. He was born in Mumbai.
Yes he wrote it and he was also a screenwriter.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I'm not sure if he owns the Portland Trail Blazers. Paul allen is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I'm not sure if he owns Seattle Seahawks but he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, The King's Speech is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Yes, that's right, he also starred in a TV show called The Lord of the Rings, which is a drama
Yes, that's a great mini-series. You might also like the Harry Potter series.
I haven't heard much of her music but I know she's a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
I don't know a lot about Sia Furler, but I know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her music but I do know she is a singer.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Zack Broman, but I know he's a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Great! I hope you enjoy the commercials!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays point guard.
I don't know a whole lot about basketball. Is he a point guard?
Yes he does. He is also a point guard as well.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Well, you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Lovie Smith's coaching but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I don't know much about football but I do know William Petersen is a great player
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire was written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know other books by her?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It's a fantasy novel.
That's a great book! You might also like Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
To Rome With Love stars Robert Duvall and James Franco. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome!
I can't find any similar to Spirited Away, but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki starred in Water for Elephants.
You might like The World According to Garp. It's a Japanese cartoon.
I can't think of any comedies, but if you haven't heard of him, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes! Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
The Virgin Suicides is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 2005. It is a fiction book.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it's a action movie?
Seth Rogen starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in The Imitation Game. It is a good one.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, she starred in Gideon's Daughter, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Phantom of the opera is a fantasy drama.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I do, she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
I haven't heard much of Adele's music but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter
Yes, that's a great song. Did you know that she starred in a romantic relationship with Justin Bieber?
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes! Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a Sci-Fi film. He also produced The Prestige.
The Prestige is a Sci-Fi film. The Prestige is also a Sci-Fi film.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film. Is that a genre you prefer?
You are welcome.
Dani Alves is a player on the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know Dani Alves plays for Real Madrid F.C.
I'm not a big fan of their coach Mike Shanahan. Are they a good team?
I don't know much about them. I think they will win the NFC North.
I think they will win the NFC North as well.
Sure! Are you looking for something in the same genre or something in the same genre?
Charles Dickens is a great author. He was born in 1847 and was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Well A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1847.
Well it was released in 1847. It's a great book.
Working class is based on the work of Charles Dickens and was released in 1847.
You are welcome!
Kierra Cass starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. Have you read that one yet?
Sure, The Siren is a young-adult fiction. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi or because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I'm not sure if it is action packed but it's a great movie.
I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a book similar to Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. George Orwell also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four, which is a great book.
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
I'm not sure who wrote it but it's a cartoonist.
Well, if you like that one, you might also enjoy the Harry Potter series. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Matrix, The Matrix and The Matrix.
I don't know when it was released.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Woods is a romantic comedy starring Bradley Cooper. It was released in 2004.
I'm sorry I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
There and Back Again was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Think and Grow Rich is speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
yes he was. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he wrote The Poets Society and The Poets Society.
The Raven was released in 1847.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know if that is FC Barcelona but I know he plays for Real Madrid.
I don't know if that is where he plays. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: First Class
I'm not sure if I can find it on Netflix
Neil Jordan has directed a lot of great films such as The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but it is a dramatic Indie film starring Ralph Fiennes. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed the movie Tarantino. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes he was. Rob Zombie also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
He has also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Downfall is a war film. Do you like war films?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Tom Hanks, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Alexandra Maria Lara, it is a science fiction film.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Oh yea he's a great singer. What's your favorite song of his?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and was released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote City of Bones which is speculative fiction
Yes, it is a series
You are welcome!
Sure! It was written by James Dashner and was released in 1847. It's a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a funny book. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Youth in Revolt is a science fiction film
You are welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lord of War is starring David Hounsou, do you like him?
The Lord of War was released in 2004.
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada starred Scarlett Johansson. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but Anne Hathaway starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in The Iron Lady as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2005.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released that year.
Sure! Louis Sachar wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! Dan Gilroy starred in The Dangerous Game, The Golden Compass, and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
Nightcrawler is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Nightcrawler is a great action movie. You might also like The Bourne Identity.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is an adventure film, it is a great movie, have you seen it?
Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Yuria Nara is a great anime film.
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
There Will Be Blood is starring Will Ferrell and Will Be Blood.
You're welcome!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote White Oleander which is speculative fiction.
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a science fiction novel written by Paula Hawkins and is part of a series.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a drama and is a drama, do you like drama?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Bad Beginning is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It's a speculative fiction.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde, which is a great book.
He wrote a lot of children's literature. He also wrote The Son of Neptune and The Son of Neptune
Yes, he did
It is speculative fiction
you are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha is a speculative fiction written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Memoirs of a Geisha is a speculative fiction book
Yes he also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I think he's a good boxer but I don't know much about him other than he starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
I'm not a huge fan of tennis. Is that a thriller?
That's right! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Margaret Stohl.
There's Wocket in my Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. It's a children's literature. Would you like to know more?
That's right! The first one was released in 1958. Would you like to know more?
I know that Kung Fu Panda is a science fiction film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like science fiction?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, Emma Stone was in Superbad. It also stars Seth Rogan.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little.
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Brad Pitt is one of the stars in the movie.
I'm not sure what year this movie was released.
Yes, it is a family movie. Joel Cohen also wrote a movie called Into the Wild which is a comedy.
You are welcome!
The Terminator stars Matt Damon and is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, The Women of Brewster Place, The Women of Brewster Place, and The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about him, but I know he starred in The Women of Brewster Place, which is a great action film.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Natascha McElhone is an actress who starred in The Truman Show. Are you familiar with that?
The Truman Show was released in 2004.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Deception Point is speculative fiction
Maurice Sendak wrote The Good Girl and The Good Girl. Have you read those?
Little Bear is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I'll play it for you.
David Lynch directed The Terminator. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Inland Empire is a war film.
Idiocracy is a science fiction movie starring Matt Damon.
It was released in 2004.
Certainly! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Gone with the Wind is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Great Gatsby is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who stars in it but it is a great movie. Do you like his music?
You're welcome
Ellen Burstyn starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about tennis.
Yes, I do agree that Serena is a great tennis player.
I didn't know that. I know Garfinkel is an American football fan.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by Harper Lee. Do you like books by Harper Lee?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama written by Harper Lee. Do you like dramas?
You are welcome!
I think she's a great singer. I like her music. How about you?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know that she starred in a movie called The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
I didn't know that, but I know she starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, you are correct. Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
Yes, he starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping. Have you seen those?
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
The Portable Atheist is speculative fiction and fantasy.
I don't know if he wrote any other books
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I didn't know he was on FC Porto. I know he was a midfielder.
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Do you like her?
I agree. Brett Ratner is a great actor. I think Ratner is a great tennis player.
I'm not sure if Michelle Pfeiffer was in it, but it's a thriller. I'm sure you will like it.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm not sure who wrote that book, but it is part of a series.
I haven't, but I know Alice Sebold wrote The Virgin Suicides. Have you read it?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes. Beautiful Creatures is a great fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes. Jack London wrote WinterGirls.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan?
I think Shoaib Malik is an athlete, but I don't know much about him.
I didn't know Hantuchova lost to Roger Federer. I think he's a good athlete.
Yes, he was. He was a great athlete.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen The Dark World? It's a fantasy movie.
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. It's a fantasy movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash is a drama starring Melissa Benoist. Do you like her work?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor.
Yes he did and Elizabethtown is a romantic comedy.
Breakfast of Champions is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book. I think you'll like Timequake.
Do you like Timequake because it is a science fiction book?
Mark Waters starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
John Sayles wrote The Spiderwick Chronicles and Mr. Popper's Penguins.
The Spiderwick Chronicles is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but I know he's a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer.
I haven't seen Entourage but I know Phil Mickelson is a singer/songwriter
Truman Capote wrote The Pallbearer and The Devil Wears Prada
Yes! Mickey Rooney starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in that movie, but if you like him he also starred in The Wedding Planner. Have you seen it?
Sure, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a non-fiction book.
That is correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a great book.
Yes, I do! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie! It's a romantic comedy. It also stars Sam Taylor-Johnson. Do you like romantic comedies?
Nowhere Boy is a romantic comedy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Fear and Loating in Las Vegas because it's a crime fiction?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta is considered a political Thriller.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read it?
The Last Runaway is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it is a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Frank Darabont is a great actor. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
I haven't seen The Mist, but it is a classic. You should check it out.
I haven't seen National Lampoon's All That. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes he was great in The Mist. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Tom Hanks is the lead
i dont have that information
xXx starring Matt Damon
the bourne series
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends, and A Light in the Attic, have you read them?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on similar authors
You are welcome!
I know he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know any songs by her, but I do know that Taylor Swift is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
Yes, she is very talented!
I do! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction.
Seabiscuit is a science fiction novel that was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone starred in a lot of movies. He's been involved in a lot of things. He's done a lot of things, but he's done a lot of things. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I'm not sure who stars in The Doors, but it's a comedy/drama.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, and also a musical.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great author. He wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read it?
I'm not sure if that's true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it's speculative fiction?
Then you might like Young-adult fiction. It's also Young-adult fiction.
Isn't he a midfielder for Manchester United F.C?
I don't know much about him but he plays football
I don't know much about Thiago Silva but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are part of the NFC North.
I am a fan of the Minnesota Vikings. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, they were the Superbowl XIX Champions.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Anna Kendrick also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes. The Last Five Years is also a TV series.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for movies in the same genre.
The Last Five Years is a musical comedy, similar to The Last Five Years. Would you like to know more about these?
You are welcome!
Yes, he's a very good actor. He starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Yes, I am a fan of the sport. Do you like any other sports?
I don't know much about cricket but I know he plays for the India national cricket team.
Scott Westerfeld wrote The Road to El Dorado, which is speculative fiction.
It's a science fiction novel released in 1985
I'm sorry I don't know any other books that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
I think Cesc Fàbregas is a great player. He plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him, I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
I'm not sure if he did. Is he a midfielder?
I didn't know Louis van Gaal was a midfielder as well.
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read it?
Joseph Heller is an American novelist who writes a lot of war novels. He was also a scientist and a scientist.
Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It is a speculative fiction.
Bared to You is also written by E.L. James
Yes, it was released in 2009
You're welcome
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
In der Strafkolonie is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Robert Mark Kamen.
Yes he did. Its a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes he wrote Braveheart and it is a historical drama
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with
Martin Gardener wrote The World According to Garp.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2004.
It's a Non-Fiction/ Non-Fiction/ Non-Fiction. It was released in 2005.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them, I'm a Redskins fan. Are they a good team?
That's right, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he's still playing for the Denver Broncos.
The Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes. The Messenger is a sci-fi novel. It is based on a novel by Gurihiru. Would you like to know more?
It was written by Snow Crash. It is a Sci-Fi novel.
Tropic Thunder is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't know who stars in Tropic Thunder, but Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder.
Sure, you might like the comedy-dramas starring Andy Dick.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Virgin Suicides. Have you read it?
I'm not sure what year Voyager was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Zero to One is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island
I don't know when it was released, but it is a Family movie.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them. I'm not a big fan of the Bears.
Yes they did. They were a pretty good team as well as the Eagles.
I am not a fan of the Steelers but I do know they won Super Bowl XLVIII. They were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure! Doug Liam directed The Good Girl, The Good Girl, and The Good Girl. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but John-Henry also wrote Fair Game. It's a drama.
I'm not sure who did the music for Fair Game but John-Henry also starred in the film.
I don't know who starred in Fair Game but John-Henry also starred in the movie.
Yes, he's a writer and a musician. He was also a teacher.
Yes, he is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Miami Heat.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
I'm not sure, but it's written by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I know it is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure, but it's a sci-fi movie starring Gary Oldman. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie.
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire and 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise of an Empire stars Matt Damon and is a sci-fi action/adventure film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
If you like Fantasy, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fantasy.
Yes! Eva Green is the voice of the cast.
Eva Green was born in London.
You too!
I am a Dodgers fan. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Magic Johnson is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I do know that the Dodgers were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories. Have you read those?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde has a genre of Tragicomedy.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know of any other books that made into a movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Sword of Shannara is a great book! It's a great book. It's a historical fiction novel.
I don't know what other books she wrote, but it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-do. Isn't he a football player?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, I am a fan of the Alabama Patriots. How about you?
I am not a fan of American Football. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an author who wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
The Grapes of Wrath is a children's literature written by John Steinbeck. Do you like childrens literature?
Tropic of Cancer is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fiction novel.
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
In Bruges is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, she also starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure! O Brother, Where Art Thou starred O Brother, Where Art Thou, and he starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou.
Holly Hunter also starred in Thirteen. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure! She also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan. It is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan.
It is a historical fiction.
Yes, he wrote The Invisible Man and The Invisible Man.
En Man Som Heter Ove was written by Fredrik Backman. Would you like to know more about him?
I'm not sure, but it is a thriller and was released in 2012.
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Okay, then you might want to check out The Last Man or The Manchurian Candidate.
The Golden Compass is a sci-fi movie. If you want to stay in the same genre, you should check out The Looking Glass Wars.
Interstellar is starring James Franco and Kevin Spacey. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
You are welcome!
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is a young-adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Are you familiar with her work?
Chris Weitz has directed a lot of great films such as The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen any of those?
Tom Hanks is also in it. Do you like him?
She also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Isn't he a tennis player? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
I haven't watched a match before. I'm not a big fan of tennis.
I'm not a big fan of tennis but I do know that Andy Murray is a great player too.
Sure! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince as well as Le Petit Prince.
I don't have that information, but I do know Dom Marcos Barbosa also wrote Le Petit Prince.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie, have you seen The Last Stand?
Logan is a superhero movie, starring Tom Hanks. It's a superhero movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in What's Your Number? and he starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
I haven't seen him in a long time but I know he is a director. Do you like him?
I like Romance Films. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Sure! Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. It's a Thriller.
Robert Pattinson also wrote The Godfather
The Godfather was released in 2004
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Do you like books by Stephen King?
The Green Mile is a horror book written by Stephen King, have you read it?
Yes, The Dead Zone is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is based on a novel by Stephen King.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train which is speculative fiction. Have you read that?
I don't know any other books by her. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure but The Way Life Should Be is a romance novel.
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Will Smith also starred in I, Robot which is a Sci-Fi action movie. Have you seen this one?
Yes, I love the movie Hot Fuzz. Have you seen it?
Yes, Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure, but it is a great adventure film.
I do, he is a very talented singer. I like his music. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Justin Timberlake, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know a lot about Elton's music, but I do know he's a singer/songwriter too.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and was released in 1847.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written by Harper Lee
Sure! Les Miserables is a romantic comedy starring Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with his work?
Well, you might like the movie "The Magician's Mind, which is a musical-theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other films in the genre.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a Speculative fiction film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that genre?
The Deer Hunter is directed by Christopher Nolan
Meryl Streep is a great actor
Michael Cimino also starred in this movie
I don't know much about them, I'm not a big fan of their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them but I do know the Broncos were runner up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen it but I know Renee Zellweger starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Cold Mountain is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, J.K Simmons is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Simmons.
He has starred in a lot of thrillers. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
I am not sure but it is a thriller you may recognize. It is also a thriller.
Yes, that is a great movie. It starred Jim Carrey and Kevin McNally. Do you like them?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been around a while and he's been in a lot of movies.
He has starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Great! I will add it to your list.
The Fugitive stars Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with his work?
The Fugitive was released in 2005.
You are correct. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Fugitive. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he was in The Fugitive. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Shadows of Olympus. Have you read it?
Yes, Peter Pan is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1904.
You're welcome!
Karim Benzema Benzema plays for France national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the France national football team.
You are welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel?
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The Magic Faraway Adventures of Robinson Crusade.
Yes he did and Faizon also starred in a reality television drama called The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes he did a great job in Weekend at Bernies II. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and Kevin Nealon also starred in Winter's Bone which is a reality television drama.
I'm not sure he did but he also starred in The Wedding which is a reality television drama.
The Gazebo is a comedy Thriller. It is a great movie.
Sure! Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and produced the movie, The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you seen it?
Family Guy is a romantic comedy starring Seth MacFarlane
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in the movie
Skyfall is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war films?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
I'm not sure who produced it but it's a Sci-Fi film.
It's a drama/mystery.
I'm not showing the genre for Adventure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like Charlaine Harris?
Yes, she has written a lot of great books. I think you will enjoy the next book, Dead to the World.
He also wrote Dead to the World. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Yes, David O. Russell is a director, director and director. Do you like his movies?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he was. Do you like war movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by John Green. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if he wrote anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008. It's a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the National Basketball Association. Are you familiar with his work?
It was released in 2004. It's a great book.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
Then you might also enjoy Wizard and Glass. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes. Michael Ende also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie or because it stars Tom Cruise?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise, but if you like Tom Cruise you may want to try The Last Samurai.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes he did and he also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
Yes I do like dramas. Do you like dramas?
Casino Royale is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Thunderball is a sci-fi movie starring Daniel Craig. Do you like sci-fi films?
Yes, it is. Robert Redford also starred in the movie Sneakers.
He is a soccer player from Mexico. He plays for the Mexico national football team.
Yes, they are coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
You're welcome!
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and was released in 1988. Do you like his work?
Paulo Cohelo wrote The Alchemist and The Alchemist.
Yes he is. Onze minutos is a great book.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in What's Your Number?, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. She also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City.
I like to watch football. I like football. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of the Redskins, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
Yes, The invention of wings is a book and a movie. Are you interested in movie?
Yes, The Last Samurai stars Tom Cruise. Are you familiar with his work?
Yuki Matsuzaki starred in The Pink Panther 2 and also in The Wedding. Have you seen those?
Andy Garcia also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Andy Garcia also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that movie but I know it's a science fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
No I haven't seen Jerry Maguire but I've heard he's a great actor.
I like rom-coms. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! Peter Berg directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Battleship is a science fiction film. It is based on the true story of a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Wonder is written by R.J. Palacio and was released in 2012.
Yes, Wonder was released in 2014 and also written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, that is correct
Wonderland is a fantasy book released in 2014
you are welcome
Bill Murray starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
The Man Who Knew Too Little also stars in this movie.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is speculative fiction.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Lifetime is a great book. It was released in 1850.
Young adult fiction is a good one. Do you like books in the same genre?
Yes, Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is speculative fiction.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Tower Heist is a drama/crime/comedy film directed by Judd Hirsch. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a drama and a suspense.
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, Louise Maude wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
I can't find any books in Russian, but I can find some in Russian. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like him because he's a fan of his?
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
I haven't read any other Novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction novel written by Edward Norton. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! Chris Evans starred in What's Your Number, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Chris Evans also starred in What's Your Number (a Romantic Comedy Film) and The Nanny Diaries.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2005.
You are welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome!
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a professional tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know that Wawrinka was in the 2012 Olympic games.
I'm not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like it because it's Scissors because it's a Sci-Fi book?
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction novel that was released in 2001.
Yes, it is a sequel to that book.
You're welcome!
The Fates of Human Societies was written by Jared Diamond. Do you like Jared Diamond's work?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
Robert Pattinson wrote it.
Wes Craven wrote The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
Wes Craven also starred in Wes Craven. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he did. He also starred in My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
You're welcome!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you read those?
Yes, she did. Frankenstein is a fantasy novel.
I'm not sure, but the book was released in 1999.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work because it is speculative fiction?
Neil Gaiman also wrote The Graveyard Book. It's a children's literature.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but it's also science fiction.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure! Duncan Jones starred in What's Up in the Air, which is a romantic comedy.
It's a sci-fi/fantasy movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a warcraft drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are part of the NFC North.
I think they will be in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
i am not a big fan of football. do you like any other teams?
yes i have watched the game live in person. do you like Pete Carroll?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a science fiction movie?
John Lennon
I don't know what other movies he directed, but he is a great director.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jeremy Renner also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the book because it's speculative fiction?
Yes, Back Again was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Snow White and the Huntsman is a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
I do not know who starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes. Matt Damon also starred in The Huntsman. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a novel written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in other books by him?
I haven't read any of his books, but if you haven't read The Lightning Thief, I would recommend The Lightning Thief.
The Ultimate Guide is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I hope you enjoy it!
She's been in a lot of great films. She starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
She wrote a book called Into the Wild which is a romance novel.
I don't know who starred in that movie but I know it was directed by Sara Dessen.
Inception is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Frank McCourt and is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he wrote To Have and Have Not. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
You're welcome!
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. He also starred in Deadpool.
Deadpool is starring Tom Hanks, Stefan Kapicic, and Michael Shannon
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I think he is a great golfer. I think he's a great player.
I'm not sure if it's Spirit Soda company, but I know he's a basketball fan.
Yes, he's a good basketball player too. He's a great player.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The book is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
If you like drama, you may want to try Paper Towns. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
You are welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and X-Men: First Class.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure of the year it was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's a Gothic Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Fountain. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. Robert Duvall also wrote The Apostle.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. He's a great actor.
It's a historical drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Tom Hanks also starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles.
I'm not sure but it's a drama.
You are welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
Janet Fitch wrote White Oleander which is Speculative fiction.
White Oleander was released in 1981 and the genre is Speculative fiction.
you are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1982. Have you seen it?
Sure. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
It's a great movie. It stars Samurai. It's a fantasy movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 1862
Yes, Muc is a great play
Looks like he wrote a lot of children's books. I think he is a great composer
Once Upon a Time in the West is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shane is a science fiction film starring Jack palanan
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read that one?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome!
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote Oliver Twist as well as Oliver Twist.
Yes, he did. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
That's correct! It was made into a play!
You're welcome!
He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Are you familiar with him?
I do like to watch basketball. How about you?
I like to watch basketball. What about you?
I haven't seen them play this year. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if they are comic movies. I'm sorry I don't know much about Hellboy.
Yes, Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction novel. Are you interested in science fiction?
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living as well as We Are the Living
We Are the Living was released in 1957
If I Stay is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Young-adult fiction is a great book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Mark Osborne starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. He also starred in The Little Prince. Have you seen it?
He also starred in a romantic comedy called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, 1st to Die is written by James Patterson and was released in 2001. Do you like him?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Pallbearer which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a fiction book. Other fiction books include The Looking Glass Wars and The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are a professional basketball team based in Oakland, California.
I'm not sure where the team is located. Are you a basketball fan?
I don't know much about basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan myself.
I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan.
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
Yes. He plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
Yes. Bridget Moynahan is a great player. I think Bridget Moynahan was also a musician.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I don't know when it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Devil's Advocate was directed by Rick Riordan. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it was directed by Taylor Hackford.
Blood In, Blood In, is a drama.
You are welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might like The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. It's a fantasy film.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and was released in 2007
Yes, Boomerang was also written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote  [Z no shmetsu],  [Z no shmetsu].
You are welcome!
Sure! Anna Sewell wrote Black Beauty, have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that she was born in London.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard any of their songs, but I do know they are a good band. Do you know who they are?
I don't know if he plays any instrument, but if you like Adam Levine, he is a great singer.
I'm not sure if it is a good show but it is a great show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is a historical novel. Would you like to know more?
Orphan Train is a novel by Christina Baker Kline. Christina Baker Kline wrote Orphan Train, which was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a science fiction movie?
I'm not sure, but it's a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama/Drama.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome!
Yes, he starred in Back to the Future. Have you seen it?
Sure. You might like The Polar Express. It's a great adventure movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer and a scientist. Do you like his work?
Yes, and Kevin Zegers also starred in The Mortal Instruments.
You are correct! Aidan Turmer starred in The Mortal Instruments, which also starred Aidan Turmer.
I'm not sure about Zodiac, but the Mortal Instruments is a Mystery.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes he does. He's a great quarterback.
I don't watch much football but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Ya-Yas in Bloom, which is a drama.
It's a great family adventure film. It's a great movie. It's a great movie! It stars Robert De Niro and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Princess Mononoke is a family adventure film based on the true story of Princess Mononoke. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like Matt Damon because it's a thriller or because it stars Matt Damon?
That's great! Matt Damon also wrote The Bourne Identity, which is a thriller.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller, similar to The Bourne Identity.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I am a huge fan of Drew Brees. He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for the Saints but I do know that Drew Brees is a quarterback too.
I'm not sure but they have a good season this year.
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
The older version is a classic, but the older version is a classic. Have you seen it?
I don't know who else is in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes! Elisabeth Shue is a great action movie.
Will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Gran Torino is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Last Samurai?
Warm Bodies is starring Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. It's a romantic comedy.
I am not sure but Cory Hardrict starred in Warm Bodies
You are welcome!
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction.
It's a warbreaker. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I would recommend The World According to Garp, which is a Disney film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ender's Game is a science fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like science fiction?
Orson Scott Card is a great science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You might also like the Harry Potter series by Orson Scott Card.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
David O. Russell starred in The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. George Clooney starred in Three Kings. It is a War film.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Forrest Gump is a historical period drama
You are welcome
I like Christmas Carol because it is a Christmas Carol. Do you like Christmas Carol because it is a Christmas story?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great Christmas story. Do you like Christmas stories?
Yes. The Black Cat is a Gothic Fiction.
Fingersmith is a great book. I think you will like it.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about Ryan Moats. I don't know much about Ryan Moats. Are you a fan of his?
John Madden wasdrafted by the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Watership down is a fantasy novel written by William Nicholson. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it is! The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction and is part of the series.
Yes, it is speculative fiction as well as Children's literature.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I'm not sure but they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I hope they have a good chance!
Brad Pitt starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen either of those?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a historical fiction.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's a great movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi or Sci-Fi?
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. It's a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure who stars in it but it's Sci-Fi. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have seen 50/50. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he was. I think you'd like it. He is a great actor.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A Walk to Remember is a Romance novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure who wrote Last Song, but I can tell you it is a romance novel.
Yes, The Last Song is a Young-adult fiction book written for teens.
I think he's a great football player but I don't know much about him. Do you like football?
I like Wildcats too. Do you know who starred in it?
I agree. Couples Retreat is a great family movie. I also like the movie he starred in. Do you like family movies?
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Volcano is a Sci-Fi movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a sci-fi movie called Aliens. It is a sci-fi movie.
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak. You should check it out!
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it, but I know it is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
William Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect.
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Christmas Blessing. Have you seen it?
It is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Voyage Home starring Walter Koeing is a Sci-Fi movie. It is Sci-Fi.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
You are welcome!
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a fan of soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Cesc Fabregas is a midfielder and forward.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal. Is he a tennis player?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but he is a point guard.
Yes, he did coach the Milwaukee Bucks
I haven't seen it but I know it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Calvin Harris is a singer-songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Rita Ora is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
Have a great day!
Yes, he is a shooting guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I know he plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers. Do you like basketball?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull starred Harrison Ford. Do you like his movies?
Transformers starring Shia LaBeouf is a Sci-Fi movie
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie
your welcome
Crescendo is a speculative fiction novel written by Stephen King. Do you like his work?
Becca wrote The Secret Life of Beedle the Bard. It is a young-adult fiction.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
The Maze Runner is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
The Scortch Trails is starring Matt Damon and is a Young Adult Fiction.
You are welcome.
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in The Fault in Our Stars. It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I haven't seen any of his movies, but if you haven't seen The Day After Tomorrow, he has starred in a lot of movies.
Will Gluck starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Annie stars Will Gluck and was written by Will Gluck.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Notebook is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle.
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Yes, he is a great author. He also wrote The Notebook.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by him as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Twilight. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about it, but I know it was written in English and was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Good in Bed is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes he did. The Crucible is a speculative fiction.
The Crucible is a Romance novel. He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
I don't know of any other books written by him, but Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
They are a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They are looking good this year. They have a good season with the Patriots.
Lolita is a popular author. She wrote Lolita, which is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Pale Fire is a science fiction novel that was released in 2004.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of his music but I do know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else I can do for you.
No I haven't seen Southland Tales. I'm not sure if it's funny.
Yes, Parts One and Two was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You might like the Harry Potter book, Parts One and Two, written by Rowling. Have you read it?
It's a fantasy novel. It's also part of the series.
That's a great book. Did you know Fear and Loating in Las Vegas is part of the series?
Sure, it was released in 2010 and is a biographical novel.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Parts One and Two was written by J.K. Rowling.
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Parts One and Two.
Yes, it was released in the same year as The Silkworm.
Yes, it is in English.
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like sci-fi?
Karim Benzema Benzema plays for France national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a great player as well. Do you like basketball?
I haven't seen it but I know it is a reality TV show. I love reality TV.
I do. I'm not a big American fan of any American shows.
No I haven't seen any of those. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Inception is starring Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, and Anne-Marie Duff starred in The Virgin Queen.
Enigma is a science fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan. It is a great movie.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Reiner is a screenwriter and director. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Harry Met Sally is a movie director, director and director. Do you like his movies?
He produced the movie When Harry Met Sally and starred in it. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but they are fiction.
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of her music but I think she's a good singer. I think she's a great singer.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Selena Gomez is a great singer.
It's a romantic comedy. I think you'll like it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, they did win the World Series. They were the runner-up in the World Series.
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know the Boston Red Sox won the World Series.
I don't know much about baseball but I do know the Red Sox were the runner-up in the World Series.
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't know much about him other than he plays golf.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods. Is he a golfer?
I didn't know Phil Mickelson lost to Phil Mickelson. What sport do you like?
Yes, he starred in The Hurt Locker. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes Jeremy Renner starred in Thor as well as Evangeline Lilly
Sure! The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is written by Evangeline Lilly. It's a Sci-Fi/Adventure film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I do know they are part of the NFC South.
yes they moved to Arizona from another location
I do not know much about college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he's a midfielder for Manchester.
I like soccer. I'm not a big fan of American Football. Is that a sport?
Yes, it is written in Spanish and was released in 1985.
I don't know if Debora Smith wrote anything in English but .  by Debora Smith is in English.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Dashner. Do you like his work because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a suspense/thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was written by James Dashner and is a suspense/thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
Well, if you haven't seen the movie, you should check out The Wedding. It's in the War genre.
The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a Tragicomedy, but The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a tragedy.
Bob Peck starred in The Skulls. It's a romantic comedy.
If you like horror films, you might like Shark Night. It's a horror film.
Sure, Tom Everett starred in it, and it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work because it's speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I didn't know that. I know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton.
Yes, that's true. Did you know she starred in The London 2012 Summer Olympics?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is the same book as Hamlet.
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a great book. I also like Romeo and Juliet.
I'm not sure, but the play is based on Greek Mythology.
Sense and Sensibility is a Speculative fiction book written by Jane Austen. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is speculative fiction.
I think he's a great singer. Do you like him?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was also a musician?
Yes, I like dance-pop. Do you like dance-pop?
Yes, The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator. He is a great actor.
He starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Spike Lee wrote a lot of great movies such as What's Your Number, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, you are correct. Jennifer Esposito starred in Summer of Sam. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure! Elizabeth Kostova wrote The Swan Thieves and The Swan Thief.
The Swan Thieves is speculative fiction
The Swan Thieves is a drama and was released in 2010
Sure, I will send it now
Yes, he is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
i don't know much about golf. do you like any other sports?
i don't know much about tennis. do you like any other sports?
i don't really follow sports. what sports do you like?
i have never been to a boxing event. do you like any other sports?
i love football. do you like any other sports?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like football?
I don't know who he is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like the Patriots as well, they are part of the NFC East.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a speculative fiction written by Marion Wiesel.
Yes, The Man in Havana was released in 1958. It is a great book.
Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Vulgar is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. William Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome!
Coldplay is a country band based in Nashville. Do you like their music?
I don't know if Gwyneth Paltrow is still with him.
I'm not sure if Coldplay is touring.
You're welcome!
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. I'm more of a Patriots fan.
I don't know much about football, I am not a big fan of the sport. Do you like football?
I don't follow them either. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about Walter Payton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Terry George directed The Graveyard Book. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he has worked on any other films, but if you like dramas he also starred in Water for Elephants.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You are welcome!
Beatrix Potter wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but The Tales of Mr. Tiglies was released in 1847.
Beatrix Potter has many professions, including Speculative Fiction, Fantasy, and Children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Frank McCourt and is a speculative fiction.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Turbo is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
It's a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know the genre of The Proposal but I do know that it is a romantic comedy.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Frank Beddor.
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. what else can i do for you?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
The Incredibles is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, it was also made into a movie and it was directed by Steve Oedekerk.
I don't know who else starred in Ratatouille, but John Ratzenberger starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about it, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of football. I'm more of a Steelers fan. What about you?
I like football. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I'm not a big fan of baseball. I'm not much of a baseball fan.
I haven't seen Fight Club. Is that a romantic comedy?
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her music?
Did you know she also starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
I like heavy metal and rock. What about you? Do you have a favorite song?
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Shooter is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
Rum Diary is starring Tom Hanks, Josh Brolin, and Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Did you know he was born in Dallas?
No, I haven't played much but I do know that he is a golfer.
Serenity is starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure if it's scary, but it's also a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is an actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about him?
I'm not sure who starred in Be Kind Rewind, but Michel Gondry wrote it.
I haven't heard much about Maroon 5 but I do know they are a couple of my favorite artists. Do you like them?
I like their music a lot. I also like the song You Love Me.
I like that song too. Do you have a favorite song by theirs?
Yes, I am a fan of his music. Did you know he was a musician?
I didn't know he was in The Wiz but if you haven't seen The Wiz you should check out The Wiz.
I agree. I will have to check it out.
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for Manchester City.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester but I do know he is a Midfielder.
Shrek is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies starring Matt Schneider? He also starred in The Wedding Planner.
I'm not sure who stars in Day After Tomorrow but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You are welcome!
Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
The Wild Life stars Bruce Willis. Do you like him?
Randy Quaid starred in Wild Life. Randy Quaid also starred in The Wild Life.
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read any of these?
I don't know what other books she wrote, but I do know that she also wrote Silence.
Hush Hush has genre Young Adult Fiction
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but it was directed by Steve Oedekerk.
I don't know if he's done any other work but if you like animation he also starred in The Simpsons movie.
I'm not sure who starred in it but it was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Gore Verbinski. It's a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Rango is a science fiction film directed by Gore Verbinski. Do you like science fiction films?
Rango is a action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump street because it's a romantic comedy?
Ride along is a comedy and also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for comedy movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
I haven't read that one but I know it was written by Nancy Bond and is speculative fiction.
I agree! The Vampire Chronicles is a great book. I think you will enjoy it.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Passage was released in 2004. It's a great book.
You are welcome!
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of that one?
Mansfield Park is a speculative fiction book.
I haven't read anything in the romance genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't heard of murder mystery. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie.
Victor Hugo wrote The Man in the High Castle and The Man in the High Castle.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Isabelle Nanty starred in Amelie. Have you seen it?
Amelie is a sci-fi film starring Isabelle Nanty.
You are welcome. Jean-Pierre Jeunet starred in The Visiteurs and The Princess Diaries.
I don't know much about his recent song, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Leesburg, he is from Leesburg. Have you been there?
I don't know what record he signed but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
Marlon Brando starred in The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
The Young Lions is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure, but Viva Zapata starred in The Young Lions.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Do you like any other basketball players?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, which is a screenwriter.
Luigi Pistilli has starred in a lot of movies. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
I don't know who else starred in it, but it is a Sci-Fi film.
Yes, she was in the Notebook as well.
You are welcome!
I can't think of any, but I can tell you that the movie is based on what you're looking for. Would you like to know more?
Yes, she starred in Yelling to the Sky, which is a romantic comedy.
Well, he starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
Yes it was. Anything else I can help you with?
Yelling to the Sky also starred Gabourey Sidibe. Gabourey Sidibe has a lot of weight loss.
The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
X-Men is a great comedy and fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
X-Men is a great adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Starsky & Hutch is a blockbuster. I think you will enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M Montgomery wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read it?
The Blue Castle came out in 2005.
The Invisible Man was also released that year.
Sure! Christopher Meloni starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
Then you might like The Wedding Planner. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but it's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes he did. Peter Jackson also wrote The Green Mile which is a great movie.
You might like The Witching Hour. It is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
I know a little bit about him. I know he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a very talented person. I like his music. What about you?
I like some of his music. What about you? Do you have a favorite song from him?
I like Micheal Jackson too. He is a very talented singer. Do you like him?
The Interview is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Do you like Knocked Up because it's a romantic comedy?
Funny people came out in 2004.
Ray Romano also starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know if he is going to play. Isn't he a midfielder?
Yes they were the runner up in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I don't know much about American football. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a Midfielder.
Yes, he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes he did and he also directed The Manchurian Candidate.
Sue Monk Kidd is a great author. Do you like her work because it's speculative fiction?
The Pelican Brief is one of his most popular works.
Yes Sigmund Freud is from Germany.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna. Have you seen it?
The Poisonwood Bible is speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
I think she's a very talented singer. I like her music. What about you?
Yes he did. Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Do you like his music?
I agree. Tommy Chong also starred in What's Up in the Air.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction novel. It's based on the true story of a young man who lives in the United States.
You're welcome!
Quantum of Solace is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Skyfall is a romantic comedy
James Franco stars in Skyfall.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night if you like thrillers.
No I haven't seen Unfinished Business. Is that Thriller?
I do like hip hop. I am a huge fan of his music.
I like rock as well. I am a big fan of the band.
Yes Zipper was released in 2015. Do you like his music?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, The King of Attolia is also Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
I know a little bit about TRON Legacy. I know it was written by John Grisham and starred Tom Cruise.
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Wedding which is a romantic comedy
Oliver Platt also starred in X-Men: First Class
You are welcome!
Frank McCourt is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
It's a baseball team. I don't know much about baseball. Is that a sport?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi?
Channing Tatum also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
I'm not sure, but it is a spin off from Booker.
You are welcome.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Oz and is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, she has a great voice. She's a great singer. Do you like her?
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she was born in Santa Monica, California?
Yes, she is. I think she's a great singer.
That's right. He passed away in 2014.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
It came out in 2004 and was written by Stephen King.
The next book in the series is The Return of the King.
The Rock is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You might like Shark Night. Nicolas Cage also starred in a thriller called Shark Night, which is a thriller.
Yes, it is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
He is a football player who plays Midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes, I am a fan of the Columbia national football team. Do you like any other teams?
Yes, he plays Midfielder
The Matrix is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
The Matrix is a fantasy movie. The Matrix is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear more?
You are welcome.
Harold Ramis starred in The Matrix. Are you familiar with that movie?
Groundhog Day is starring Tom Hanks. It is a science fiction film.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film. It is a great movie.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but The Sky Crawlers came out in 2004.
I'm not showing any other actors in the Sky Crawlers, but I can tell you that Chiaki Kuriyama starred in the movie.
I'm not showing any other actors in the film, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War starred Tom Hanks.
Sure! The Great Yokai War is starring Tom Hanks.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a speculative fiction book written by George R.R. Martin. Do you like that genre?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy. Would you like to know about other fantasy books?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of her song, but I know she is a very talented singer.
No, I haven't heard it. Is it a genre you like?
Yes, she's from Nashville. I think she's from Nashville. I think she's from Nashville.
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Tom Hanks, Tom Everett and Robert Duvall.
Breakfast at Tiffany's is starring Audrey Hepburn. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he is a writer and he writes a lot about his work. He writes a lot about his work. Do you like him?
Sure, he starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Guy Kawasaki has been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. One of my favorites is The Invisible Man. Have you seen this one?
Guy Kawasaki wrote The Art of the Starter, which is a non-fiction movie.
He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
I don't know what other book he wrote, but The Ugly Truth Now is a science fiction book.
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary was released in 2010
You are welcome
I think he's a good player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I know he plays for the Timberwolves.
I'm not too familiar with Larry Bird. Isn't he a point guard?
I don't know much about them, I'm a Yankees fan. Are they a baseball team?
I don't know much about baseball but I do know that Terry Collins is a member of the Yankees.
I like the Washington Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him other than he plays for Barcelona.
I'm not a big soccer fan. Is he a midfielder?
I'm not a big fan of Meyers, but if I'm not mistaken he's a fan of his.
Stephen Sommers starred in a lot of great movies. Would you like to know about other movies starring him?
The Mummy Returns is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
Sure! You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy movie.
I'm not sure, but it's a fantasy movie as well.
You're welcome!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like The Secret Life of Bees, which is a Indie film. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like The Invisible Man, which is also in the Indie Film.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like action, you might also like The Last Samurai, which is also in the genre action.
Pound of Flesh stars Tom Hanks. It's a great action movie.
You are welcome!
Sure, he wrote a lot of great works such as The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
The Tempted is in the genre of young adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
For Whom the Bell Tolls is a book similar to For Whom the Bell Tolls.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1981.
You might like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a Romance novel.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. Are they a good team?
I am not a big fan of football. I think they will win the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure if his wife's wife, but I know he's married to Gisele.
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction movie?
Peter Kraig also starred in The Town
Eli Craig starred in The Town
Great. I hope you enjoy
Do you like the movie because it's a science fiction movie?
X-Men is a great sci-fi movie. You like sci-fi movies?
It is a great Sci-Fi movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Kevin Spacey.
he also directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
I think he's a great singer. I think he's a great singer. Do you like him?
No I didn't know that. Is that a romantic comedy?
I do like Russel Brand. Did you know he was also a musician?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
I haven't seen that movie, but I know he was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Merryl Streep is a romantic comedy film, do you like romantic comedies?
No I haven't seen it but I know it is a comedy drama, do you like it?
You are welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a sci-fi/action film.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie. He also starred in The Station Agent.
I'm not sure who the main lead in the film, but The Wolverine is directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome!
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York
Yes, it was co-written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was a writer and a screenwriter. He was also a director.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a romantic comedy?
Yes, I have a couple of great children's films. One of my favorites is The Chocolate Factory. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb is a great author. Do you like his work?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read it?
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome!
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a historical novel as well as speculative fiction as well.
Wideacre came out in 2004. It is a historical novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It was written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012.
Yes, it is a movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. Mark Boal also wrote The River King. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, Shakira is from Columbia. Do you like her?
Do you like the movie because it's a romantic comedy or because it's a romance?
He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Broncos are my favorite team, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
I don't know much about football, but I do know the Broncos are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about them. They are a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
I am not a big fan of soccer. I do know that he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I like football. I am a huge fan of American Football. I like football.
I didn't know he was a football coach. Is he a good coach?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that the book is part of a series. Are you interested in self-help books?
He has written a lot of books including Highly Effective People
I'm not sure but this book was also released in 1989
what else can i do for you
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
I haven't seen the Choocolate Factory but the family genre is action/adventure movie, have you seen it?
Yes he is in Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End
Oh yea he is great, he is a great actor, he is a great actor. Have you seen any of his other movies?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by George R.R. Martin. It is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Milo Forman also wrote The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
I like Prefontaine, it is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I would suggest The Manchurian Candidate, which is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
I do! Lauren Oliver is a famous author. She wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read it?
Vanishing Girls has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he wrote Yellow Submarine
I don't know much about the Tambourine, but I do know he is a writer.
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Yes, he plays for the Boston Celtics.
He won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award.
I didn't know he was a basketball player. Is he a point guard?
The Island is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Well, if you like sci fi, you might like The Manchurian Candidate, or The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a great movie! It stars Moby Dick. It's a sci fi movie.
You are welcome!
I like him too! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
I agree. Did you know he was also a director? He was a scientist?
The Prestige is a Sci-Fi/Drama/Drama/Drama/Drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
you are welcome
Sergio Aguero is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spain national football team
I don't know much about football, but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What team do you like?
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians was also released in 1980.
Yes. Haaaaa is a great author.
I don't know much about them except that they are a professional basketball team based in Houston.
I like basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about New York Knicks. Are they a professional basketball team?
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides which is speculative fiction.
It's a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Yes, I do. I think you will enjoy the book Candide.
You are welcome!
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a great children's book. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer. Is he a midfielder?
Is there anything else I can help you with
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer team coached by Jose Mourinho.
Real Madrid C.F. plays for the Real Madrid C.F.
I don't know much about football but I'm a big fan of Jose Mourinho.
Do you like the book because it's speculative fiction or because it's speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy novel.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Pulp Fiction. Do you like Crime Films?
Done. Enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player?
It is speculative fiction.
X-Men: First Class/Fantasy
it is in English.
yes it does have a English version.
you are welcome.
I am not a fan of baseball. I am more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I didn't know they did. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I'm not sure who coaches the Mets. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I don't know much about football, I know he is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Tennessee Titans. Who is your favorite player?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, she wrote The Little Friend and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
Trace is a novel by her. The Scarpetta Factor is considered a mystery.
Yes the movie Gone is a great movie. It is based on the true story of a young girl who lives in a small town in England.
Yes, Dennis Lahane is also a writer and a writer.
Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
Thomas Hardy also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, and it was released in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891. The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891. It's a non-fiction.
Jamel Debbouze starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Jamel Debbouze also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Isabelle Nanty starred in Amélie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but it's in French.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about golf but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I haven't, but I know he's from Ireland. I think he's from Ireland.
Yes, Van Morrison is from Northern Ireland. I love his music.
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on that.
Ok. Have a great day!
District 9 is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
The Neon Demon is a thriller. It's also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, that's true. Did you know that she also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
I like a lot of different types of music. My favorite song is Rhythm and Blues.
I'm not sure if they are new. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he also wrote Into the Wild, which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II. Have you read those?
The Hangover Part II is written by Todd Phillips. Todd Phillips also wrote The Hangover Part II
Is there anything else I can help you with
I don't know a whole lot about basketball. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like him?
The Nightingale is a speculative fiction book that was released in 2005. Have you read it?
Yes, she did! Winter Garden is a great short story. I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
I don't know if he wrote anything in Spanish but I do know he is from Spain
Would you like to know more books written in English
You're welcome
Sure! Up is written by Pete Docter and stars Morgan Freeman. It's a Thriller.
I don't know what else she wrote, but Breanda Chapman wrote Up. Have you seen it?
Brave has a genre of Drama
Brave is a family movie starring Craig Ferguson. Do you like family movies?
You are welcome!
They are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas. They are a professional basketball team based in Houston.
J.J. Abrams was the runner up for the Rockets
Hardaway is a professional basketball player who plays point guard
Yes he is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King?
The Gunslinger was released in 1987. Stephen King also wrote The Last Samurai.
You're welcome!
Do you like Fight Club because it's a Thriller?
Zodiac is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zodiac is produced by Steven Spielberg
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big fan of the Texans. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
That's right! Randy Lerner is the owner of the Browns. I think he's a good owner.
I'm not too familiar with the Browns. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
I don't know what else he wrote, but he is a writer
I don't know what the book is about but I do know he is a scientist and a scientist
I don't think he wrote anything else
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is a novel written by Sylvia Plath. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction book.
Yes, Saulius Dagys is a book and a Memoir is written by him.
You are welcome!
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a sci-fi action/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
Predators is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks. It is a Sci-Fi movie
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Billie Letts also wrote Where the Heart Is. It is a drama
I don't know of any other books by Billie Letts
You are welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
I will have to check it out. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure if she was in Too Big to Fail, but if you like Sex and the City, you should check it out.
Yes, he was. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
William Hurt also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Matrix? It's a great movie.
Scarface is a crime movie. He also starred in The Last Action Hero. Have you seen it?
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, it is a sci-fi as well as science fiction.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about soccer, but I'm a big fan of American football. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about college football, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I am not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I like the Packers, but I don't know much about the Patriots.
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction novel written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like science fiction?
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Polar Express. It's a Sci-Fi book.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Sci-Fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Harper Lee. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
That's a great book. It's a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Bayern Munich. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich. Is he a midfielder?
One for the Money is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Princess Diaries is written by Kate Winslet
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, it is part of the series.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mindy Kaling also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a drama/mystery film.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Jeff Garlin starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Yes, she has a tv show called The Time Traveler's Wife which is a television show.
Sarah Silverman has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about her?
Ron Howard starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Well, if you like action you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that one.
Yes he did and he also directed The Time Machine.
Mr & Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like The Wedding Planner. Have you seen that one?
Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. Do you like his movies?
Yes it is a Thriller/Drama.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
The Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Throne of Shadows is a fantasy.
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a fantasy?
Gothika is a science fiction movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The Proposal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she starred in The Proposal. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
I haven't read the book, but I know it was written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know any other books by him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a young adult fiction book. It's part of a series.
You are welcome!
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2004.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell and was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
You are welcome!
Yes, Rich Moore is an actor who starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Well, you might like the movie Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen this one yet?
Isn't she a tennis player? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
I like Serena better than Serena. I think Serena is better than Venus.
I'm not sure but it's a great show. It's a great show.
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Sure, some of the actors in Night Watchmen are Robert Duvall and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it's considered a comedy and a comedy. Would you like to see it?
Sure, X-Men and X-Men are some good ones to check out.
Sure, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's a series. It's part of a series. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, I would recommend The Witching Hour, which is a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
Rebecca is a young-adult fiction written by Rebecca. Do you like young-adult fiction?
My Cousin Rachel is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
No I do not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is John Fox. Do you like them?
Case Keenum coached the Denver Broncos. He was a point guard for the Broncos.
The Broncos are their coach. Their coach is John Lennon. Do you like football?
I like basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know Curry is a point guard.
He plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
Andrés Iniesta is also a player on the Spain national football team.
Yes, they are home stadium.
Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It is a young-adult fiction that is similar to A Wind in the Door.
If you like science fiction you should check out The Time Machine. It's a science fiction book.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. I hope you enjoy it!
I do like his music. He's a great singer. Do you know he's friends with Bruno Mars?
I like a lot of different people. I think he's a great singer. I think he's a great singer.
No I haven't heard that song. What is your favorite song of his?
Sure, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a science fiction novel, do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I know he is a quarterback but I don't know much about him. Do you like football?
I don't know much about them, I know they are a professional football team based in England.
That's a great movie! Did you know Woody also starred in X-Men: First Class?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Jean-Pierre Jeunet. He also wrote Pierre-Pierre Jeunet.
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zulu stars Robert Pattinson. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
It's a young-adult fiction novel written by Jay Asher and was released in 2007.
He also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one yet?
I do. I think he's a great author. I think he's a great writer.
What My Mother Doesn't Know was released in 2007. I think he'll enjoy it.
Emma' is a young-adult fiction novel written by Emily Bronte. It is part of a series. Do you like young adult fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Emma which is a romance novel. Have you read it?
It was released in 1847 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Tilda Swinton starred in a lot of mystery movies. You may want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Sure, The Red Violin is a mystery movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like mystery movies?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
