Sure, are you interested in movies in the same genre?
The movie was based on a book by James Patterson, would you like to hear other movies from him?
Those are great movies! It's also considered a psychological thriller and a suspense film as well.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered Action and Adventure films. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
She's written The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian and The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of her books?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was released in 2011
You're very welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Wright and was written by Bobby Farrelly. and is a comedy-drama
She has also starred in the movie There's Something About Mary, which also stars Olivia Wilde
No, I don't have that information. However, she also starred in The Ladies Man with Jennifer Garner
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i am not sure, but i know she won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. you should check it out
no, The Moon and More is the same author. Have you read it?
no problem. Dreamland is also considered children's literature.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
It's considered a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Jim Carrey, Don Cheadle, and Liam Cunningham. Do you like comedies?
Enjoy!
He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team. I do know he plays for Chennai Super Kings. Do you follow cricket?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Yes, it was written by Robert A Heinlein and was released in 2011.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, but I think he is a really good basketball player of the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, he is a good player. Who is your favorite player?
Do you have a favorite team?
That's great. I'm a fan of American football. I have to say I'm not a fan of the sport.
No, I'm not much of a European Football fan.
Yes, it is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy?
Yes, I believe so
Yes, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Did you like Young Frank Finlay because it was a romance movie or because of the actors in it?
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
Yes that's a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I have seen them in a lot of thrillers. I know that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt
Great! I can send it to you if you want more recommendations.
Great! I'll add that for you now. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
That's right! He directed many movies such as We Are Kill and This Means War. Have you seen either of them?
It was written by Frank Miller and released in 2006.
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Brian Geragtly starred in This Means War.
Do you need anything else?
No, it is the only Thriller/Horror films that you may like.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is starring Tommy Lee Jones. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror/mystery movie released in 1997.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Then you might like Tender is the Night.
Theurgeon is written byurgeon M. Night Shyamalan, who also wrote World Without End.
Do you like the book because of the genre or the author?
Yes, she's written The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure! Enjoy the read.
You're welcome!
Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer and David Koepp. It's a good film.
All of the movies by him are Science Fiction and Psychological thrillers.
I've read a lot about Unforgiven, but I haven't seen Blade Runner and it's next series.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games Triology.
Okay, I hope you enjoy it!
Well, she starred in Who's That Girl and Die In Another Day.
I don't know much about her newer stuff, but I do know she was married to Sean Connery who was also a singer.
I don't see that information either. But, he did write Snoop Dogg a comedy as well.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he was currently playing for the Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Ex?
The Muppets is a good one. there is also Amy Poehler. what else can i do for you today?
Mervyn LeRoy what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
Not really, I don't know much about the Dodgers. What is your favorite team?
I don't really know much about the Redskins, isn't they?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Jane Adams also stars in the film. It is a romance/ comedy, do you like this genre?
Yes it was released in 2014.
No problem, can I help with anything else?
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. He's a fan of adventure films.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Taken 3. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
I'm not sure, but Liam Neeson stars in Taken 2
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football that much. I do know that they are having a good season. Who do you think is their coach?
I don't think it's overrated so I don't have any suggestions for that just yet.
They have gone to the Super Bowl XXXVIII super bowl this year.
Iron Man was a great action movie starring Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers.
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
I like Tate Donovan, who also starred in The Fountainhead, which is a science fiction film. Have you seen that one?
George Clooney also wrote The Perfect Score. I haven't seen that one yet. It's a very good sci-fi.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
That was written by Dean Koontz who also wrote The Watchers.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's considered a classic!
The Road to El Dorado and The Dark Knight are two of his other works.
The Man in the Iron Mask is a great one. You like it because it's a fantasy?
Have you read The Man in the High Castle?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American singer/songwriter. Some of the world's leading contemporary artists like Nikki Minaj are name a few of her songs.
Do you know that Nicki Minaj released a song?
There is one similar to Nikki Minaj
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes, it was released in 2012.
I like thrillers also. Shark Night is a good one by her.
Sure! I also recommend the thriller The Day After Tomorrow.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Stieg Larsson.
Yes he did and he also starred in and directed that movie.
Not sure, but he did direct The Shawshank Redemption and Year One.
Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama and stars Jon Tenney and Bill Murray.
He wrote Year One. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I believe he's a composer and song writer. Did you know he was a songwriter?
The Disco is a lyricist
That's right! The Disco has genre Young-adult fiction, do you like this genre?
I haven't heard of him, isn't he?
I like that movie too. I remember that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary
I saw that one. Did you know that Ben Stiller also wrote Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy with Willie Garson. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both these books are in the genre of historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
You might enjoy Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989
I believe this is a drama
Welcome
I have no idea about a similar movie to Oldboy. They are both Drama/Mystery movies.
Ok, I'll help with that.
It stars Kyla Pratt and Jed Brophy.
She starred in the Suicide Squad and in X-Men
You're welcome!
Hello, yes I love her music. She wrote The Ice Storm.
He produced The Skulls.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book from Woody Allen. He has also written The Sorcerer's Apprentice and The King.
I don't have that information, but it is a Thriller/Drama.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park is written by David Koepp. Its considered a thriller.
Yes there was. This movie is directed by Peter Buchman and stars Denzel Washington.
Yes, he did. He also directed Safety Not Guaranteed.
I know that he plays golf that is about it
I don't follow golf that much. I know he is from Orange County, California. Do you like him?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes! Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, the Silmarillion was adapted into a film by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
My Soul to Take is a horror movie. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes! I think you'll really enjoy it!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like them?
Then you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z.
I think you might like The Revenant or The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Sure! He starred in Survive and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is also in The Nationality of America.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
The Little Prince is a drama and Thriller.
Sure. Have a great day and enjoy!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. I know he is married to Gisele. She was also in The Mask.
That's right. He was also in Stuck on You. It's a comedy.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Me too! He also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance that you might enjoy.
Yes would you like me to add them to your library?
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it?
You might like The Skeleton Key or The Matrix. Those are both great!
Bats was released in 1990 and is considered a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
David Lynch directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
The Invasion is also a good sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
She did, and she also starred in Witch & Wizard, which is an action movie.
Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Tom Hanks.
He is also a screenwriter for the movie Serena.
Sure! Brett Helquist is an author who wrote The Wide Window and The Vile Village. Have you read either of these?
The End is a fantasy and children's literature that was released in 1993
It is a mystery/suspense book that was released in 1997
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, but he's also a musician.
I have not, but I know it is very popular and has a great cast.
Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Trust.
It's a drama that you may like. He's also in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
It stars Winona Ryder, Michael Douglas, and Amanda Seyfried.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
I think he's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
No, I don't play much football, I prefer American football. Are you a fan?
I haven't read that one. I just know that he has a record 23 grand slam singles titles.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
They wrote a book called The Secret Life of Bees, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
Yes, Warpaint is gold. Who is your favorite player?
They are in the AFC West division. Is that your favorite team?
I sure can! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book.
Yes, I believe so. Did you know that Lady Elizabeth was also released that year?
That is a good read. You should check it out.
Yes, I think he is a great artist. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres like The Morning and The Weeknd?
I don't know of any others, but I do know he's married to Angelina Jolie Pitt from The Morning.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard for Boston. He was born in Chicago and is married to Hayden Panettiere.
I would recommend the Boston Celtics. They are a professional basketball team based in Boston, But i don't follow the sport.
That is a very good question! That is the final rule of the Celtics.
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises a very popular movie
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of the Wizard of Oz series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, He is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He has a brother named Gerard Butler who is a famous player for Dortmund. He is a very good player.
Yes, you are correct. He is also a musician and athlete.
It's a movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you interested in other films he's written?
Are you looking for books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses or other books by George R.R. Martin?
Were you looking for something similar to A Corn of Thorns, or Roses, also written by Sarah J. Maas?
How about The Assassin's Blade? I think you would also enjoy Xenocide and Wolf Brother
You're welcome!
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
Titanic has Leonardo DiCaprio in the award winning Titanic. The movie has Leonardo DiCaprio in it. Do you like Kate Winslet?
Titanic came out in 2000 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her! Did you know she was influenced by Samuel L. Jackson?
You might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea.
Yes, it is considered a romance and is similar to The Stars My Destination.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus Williams too. I think her sister Serena is great!
I think Stefi Graffi Graffi Graffi also played in The Rocky Horror Picture Show
Yes, she has had a long career but will definitely check her out.
She is an athlete. She's from Honolulu.
I believe so. Did you know she was born in Honolulu?
It's amazing! What is your favorite sport?
She wrote The Words of Life. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You and One With You.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
The Handmaid Tale falls under genre Speculative fiction. Does this interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I know he is an athlete that plays football. Are you a fan of his?
The move Carlos is a 1998 thriller film directed by Clint Eastwood and was released in Uruguay.
This movie was released on November 9th 2009. Would you like to know more?
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more about these?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp. The New World is a good one.
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart and Dark Magic.
It was released in 2014. It's a great year for books. It's considered children's literature, and children's literature.
Another fantasy series that you might enjoy is The Dark Knight. Have you read that?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed.
It was released in 2012. It's also a film and is based on The Hour I First Believed.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Marc Forster directed the movie Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
Machine Gun Preacher is actually a fantasy and Finding Neverland is Fantasy.
Robert De Niro is the main actor in Neverland.
It was released in 1994 and stars Jeff Garlin and Rosario Dawson.
Sure. Enjoy
You are welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a similar book.
Happy reading!
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
Ok. Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great read.
Sorry I don't have that information right now. However, Wuthering Heights was released in 1847.
Sure! Did you enjoy The Giver because it was written by Lois Lowry or because it was a dystopian fiction?
Ok, I can recommend The Hunger Games or The Giver.
I am glad I could help.
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk.
I can't find that information, but I can tell you that!
You are welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Tales of Beedle the Bard & The Golden Compass is a good fantasy movie.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Mindy Kaling wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you heard of that one?
Sure, it is a biography and also starred Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling.
I believe it's Non-Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote аренина.
Yana Toboso also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Titan's Curse. Have you read them?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes he is an athlete who plays soccer as a midfielder for the England National Football team.
I know he plays soccer as a midfielder. Do you know who is he is?
Yes he is a top tierer. Do you like any other sports?
No, I'm not a big fan of speculative fiction. Is that something you'd like?
Yes, he was in the English Patient. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I liked him in Zero Dark Thirty and The Magician King. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that's right. Did you know she's also an actress? She starred in This Is Mine also.
Yes, will do.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction and science fiction. It's speculative fiction.
Ok, I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll is an actor and he starred in Cars 2. He is a very good actor.
Yes. It's a movie starring Johnny Depp and Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his movies?
The Rum Diary and Through the Looking Glass are a couple more you may be interested in.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
Yes I think they are coached by David Platt. Do you like him?
No, I can't, but I know David Beckham is the current player
You are welcome, enjoy!
Lauren Oliver wrote Gone Baby Gone which was also a movie. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
You might also like Gone Baby Gone which is also written by Lauren Oliver.
It's a speculative fiction novel, which was written in English.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
Tim Long and Matt Selman wrote The Simpsons movie.
That is correct. He has starred in many films including The Simpsons Movie and The Game.
You too!
I am a fan. He's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really. I am more of a football fan.
He is actually an author.
Yes that is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
He was also in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Great, I also recommend the movie The Young Sherlock Holmes and The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes I do. It is actually Next in series The Death Cure.
It is written by Mary Barton
Yes, it is a young adult fiction similar to The Maze Runner.
The Nanny Diaries was written by Kraus.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was also written by Emma McLaughlin.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I'm not sure but he starred in a movie called Twilight.
I'm showing that he starred in a movie called Waiting for Forever, which also stars Daniel Radcliffe.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Grindhouse stars are Zombieland, Timescape, and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of these?
It starred Reese Witherspoon and Josh Brolin as well.
It is definitely a good one.
I think she's a great singer and I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of those sound interesting?
12 things he has starred in. Since you like Ernest Borgnine, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Rosanna Arquette and Laurence Fishburne starred in it. It's a really good movie.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I do as well, are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not a big fan of tennis, so I don't follow any sport that you like. I do know that she is very talented.
Serena is really good, but Venus has lost a lot of matches against her sister Serena.
Yes, she is very popular. She was also in the TV show Hair Show.
I think he is from Bogota. I heard he plays for the Colombia National Football team. I don't follow soccer too much.
Yes, he is a forward and a midfielder.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I would. It is written by John Hughes and is starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and the sequels is Home Alone 2. Have you seen it? It's very funny!
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I don't know if he wrote music but Jason Derulo is a singer/songwriter too. I haven't read any of his music.
I agree. Selena Gomez is a very talented person. She has a wonderful voice.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist and Lawnmower Man
Happy to help!
That book falls into the Fantasy genre. Is that what you are looking for?
My apologies, it is the same author.
Ursula K. Le Guin is the author of the book The Man in the Iron Mask.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is an Indian film director and producer. Would you like to watch it?
It's a thriller and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You might like The Skeleton Key or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome!
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
The Last Crusade was released in 2010 and is a Mystery/Thriller genre
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays cricket. Rohit Sharma is also an athlete.
Yes, he does. He also plays the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, there is also a movie directed by Rohit Sharma called Rohit Sharma.
I recommend Island.
The Doors of Perception was released in 1988 and is the first one.
Yes, he's the band name. Are you a fan of the Harry Potter series?
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Collected Poems, and Anjelica.
The genre is Fantasy/Crime Fiction. Do you like this genre?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend a movie called Without Remorse, which was also written by Ian McEwan.
I hope you like it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
The Thirteenth Floor has genre Drama
Steven Spielberg and Jada Pinkett Smith starred in it.
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Good to know. I don't have any other information on that movie. I can give you information about The Help.
Yes. I think he did a great job in The Proposal.
I do! She starred in Men in Black 3. She is a singer-songwriter.
I haven't seen it. Is it a drama that she starred in?
Yes, I am! It was written by John Grisham and is a thriller.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a film written by John Grisham, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
He is a football player. I think he is a good player.
I do not have that information
I enjoy watching college football and I like to watch college football
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes the Packer is a great player too.
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard much about soccer, I prefer American football, what about you?
I haven't been following them too much this year.
Are you looking for something similar to The Time Traveler's Wife that's a book
It is a mystery, similar to True Blood
You are welcome.
Your welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
It was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Daniel Defoe was influence By Virginia Woolf. Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthous.
It's a fiction and adventure novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, she was the composer of that song. Did you know she also sang God Gave Me Maybe?
Yes she did, and she was also on The Voice.
Ok, I'm a fan of pop music, what about you?
He directed both The Godfather and The Power of Habit.
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Neeson. Do you like them?
No problem, enjoy!
Did you like the author madame Bovary that he wrote Madame Bovary?
It's a historical novel released in 1856. It's a classic.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
He also wrote The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
Sure, he also wrote The Return of the Native. You might like that one.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I recommend The Return of the Native.
Ok, then I'll add them to your reading list.
You're welcome!
Oh, I love Tom Clancy. He's written The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes it's a very new book! It was released in 1986.
I am not sure about that. I believe it was released in 2008.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Outsiders and The Running Man that you may like
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 1988.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel. He also wrote Jane Eyre.
I am not sure but it does look like that movie is based on a book.
Enjoy the reading!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
Good question. Paulo Coelho wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a political fiction and Mako is a political fiction.
He is a writer, novelist, and novelist.
I don't know. He is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is an athlete?
Yeah I like to watch basketball. I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
That is true. Do you know who the coach is for Lakers then?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this one?
I will add that for you. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Ok, I will add them to your reading list.
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy books?
You are welcome, glad I could help.
She wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
The Assassin's Blade is the next book in the series.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Great glad i could help
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie released in 2008 and starred Gary Oldman. Do you like these actors?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
It is, you should check it out. It is a crime movie.
enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
I recommend the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine, it is a very good movie.
You are welcome have a great day i hope you enjoy.
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. He also directed Pineapple Express.
It's a Psychological Thriller and starring James Franco. Are you looking for a specific genre?
I'm not sure who else stars in Whatever It Take, but I do know it was released in 1995.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a romance or because it is a war movie?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and was also written by Charles Frazier.
Enjoy!
They're pretty bad, I prefer Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys in the NFC South. Did you see that one?
I think he's a reality show as well. Do you like him?
Bruce Almighty was produced by and starred Jim Carrey. Are you a Jim Carrey fan?
It also stars Kenny Baker and Steve Carell. It's in the genre of sci-fi.
It is an action movie that was based on the book. Evan Almighty was also in Kiss of the Dragon which came out in 2008
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You are welcome.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction.
He also wrote Grindhouse and The Reservoir Dogs.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner as well as The Rum Diary
Sure! Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson does starred in The Help and Get on Up too.
That's right! She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Anytime! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception
Star Wars was a great movie! Are you interested in movies he's directed, or ones similar to Star Wars?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. It's a very good movie.
Yes, it is also a Drama film.
Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She has also written Circling the Sun that I found for you. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it's a romance novel that was released in 2015.
I'm not sure but it's a fiction book that was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
I'm not sure about her but I can tell you she is a voice actor for The Wild Life if you'd like. Have you seen it?
I like Red Dawn a great movie starring Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a great movie.
He also wrote Air Force One, which is a great movie.
OK, I'll add that to your list.
Yes, it stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, she starred in that movie and also in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. And that also starred Al Pacino.
He wrote Utterly Cold Blooded. Its a political thriller. Does that sound interesting to you?
He is also a literary critic and is considered a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes it is! Another Romance novel you might like is Welcome to Temptation.
Sure! I also recommend The Gift written by Flaubert.
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the German national team.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire and BittterBlue
He is also a teacher. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
The next in the same series is The Story of My Life, which is also in the same genre.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my team. Which team is your favorite?
I haven't. But, I've been liking Aaron Rodgers for a while. How about you?
It was really good, don't you think?
I know it was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this author?
The Lost Hero has genre Romance
Yes,that is correct
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
I can't remember who else stars in Monsters University but Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University. It was written by Dan Scanlon and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are very welcome!
Yes, he's also written  [Z no shmetsu]
The Prince is a Romance novel.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book.
Yes, I think I've heard of him a couple of his songs. Have you heard of him?
I am not a huge fan of his music but I do know he is very talented and has made some appearances in the film if you haven't heard of them.
I haven't heard of him but I think he is one of the best of his music career. I like his new stuff like The Infinite Jest and Aftermath Entertainment
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an author. She also wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's written by Rebecca Stead. It's a great book.
Yes, it's written by William Nicholson and was released in 2005.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I agree, I like her songs like We Found Love, The Lorax, and Love You. Do you like her?
I don't really know about her music. Is she a good singer?
She starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is a thriller and stars Jeff Bridges. Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for something similar to Coming of Age?
I don't know, but I do know that Whale Rider is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist.
Thanks!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1987. It's a speculative fiction and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he was also a writer and an artist.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. Did you know that he also starred in Marley & Me?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime movie?
Yes, I'm a fan of the western style. I also enjoy watching Red Eye and Watchers. Have you seen those?
It is a comedy/drama and also starred Johnny Depp. It was released in 1994.
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
Robert De Niro and Margot Robbie are in that movie. Do you like them?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read this book?
The genre is Fantasy and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
It's a great one for you. It's considered a fantasy as well as a comedy.
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
It is starring Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro, and David Opatoshu.
I know he a good Athlete
That's cool! That's where he is from.
I'm really not for sure. I think he was a great swimmer. How about you?
You're very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a thriller film.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
Yes, it also starred Virginia Madsen and Michael Chernus.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Its a soccer, do you like soccer?
Yes, he did
I believe he is a musician who also played cricket
That is correct. Sam Neill is a great cricket player and was born in Atlanta.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in that movie along with Kevin Corrigan
Yes, can I help you with anything else?
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
It's an action film. Do you enjoy those types of films?
Florian Florian also starred in the movie The Tourist.
It was released in 2003 and Angelina Jolie Pitt played the lead role.
It was written by Frank Darabont and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Glad I could help!
I agree. I think Steve Kerr is the coach of the team. Who is your favorite player?
Did you know that he's a basketball player?
Oh I see, I don't really follow basketball that much. Is Anthony Davis your favorite player?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes the same author is one of his most famous works of hers.
There is one Beloved and other one called Welcome to Temptation
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy football and baseball. What about you?
No, I didn't know that.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It is a tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know if I can help with that. However, I can tell you that it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
The authoi was born in Austin and has genre Young-adult fiction and is about a boy who plays a baby and he did a job on the science behind it.
Yes, he also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet and Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
1600. Have you read many of his works?
I'm not sure about that but Richard Andrews wrote Winter's Tale.
Sure. I added that for you.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany National Football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he is. Did you know Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and won the Bravo Award?
Not really but I do know Toni Kroos is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Germany national team.
Yes, he's an athlete. He plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
Yes she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year.
She has also signed a song called Call Me Maybe, I think it's a classic
Do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he did, alongside Peter Benchley.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Louis Sachar. Have you seen it?
It's considered a romance and drama.
Sure, he directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen it?
This is a drama and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Robert Rodriguez and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have that information. It is written by Craig T. Nelson and also stars Rita Wilson and Lena Olin.
Lelie Bibb also starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Longest Day
you are welcome
I think they're a football team. Aren't they part of NFC south? I think Lovie Smith coaches them.
I do. I'm not a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints, but I do like their coach, Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
I like to watch football. I like the Bears. Who is your favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a book released in 2012. It has a genre of Tragicomedy.
Somewhere I Belong is very popular and it has some really good vibes. I suggest you check out Somewhere I Belong
Yes I do. But I prefer the New England Patriots.
That's so true! They have a hard time with them! Who's your favorite team? I've heard they're a very good team.
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl titles.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Yes, then you might like Utterly Cold Blooded or Utterly Cold Blooded.
Yes, it was based on a true story. It was released in 2000.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it is. The Cat in the Hat is a movie with the cat in the movie.
Garfield also stars Chris Pratt. Do you like him in X-Men?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
Not really, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite sport?
I have heard of it. It is such a good movie. I haven't seen it personally but I heard it's a very good movie. He is such a great actor. I wonder if it's Liam Neeson, the director of Toy Story 3.
She was also in The Book of Eli which was an animated film. She was also in The Wildest Dream.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Alexis Dziena.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
That is correct. He was also in The Birdcage with Robin Williams.
Yes, I don't remember when it was released.
I do, actually! I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown, who was in Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
I'm not sure. I do know that he was in The Good Doctor with Johnny Depp.
I'd recommend Waterworld. It's a thriller and stars Troy Garity.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it's an action movie or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Do you mean the movie, Waiting because it stars Hugh Jackman?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Joel Coen or because it is a crime fiction?
He has starred in Good Will Hunting, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
He's been in some great action movies. I think his most recent movie is Good Will Hunting.
You are so welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and was released in 1995.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but Richard Linklater directed and starred in this movie as well. Have you seen it?
Great! I also recommend the movie starring Vernon Dobtcheff. Have you seen this one?
In the movie Drama/Fantasy, it was written by Arthur C. Clarke and released in 2005.
It is also classified as a drama.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It is so good! It's starring Charlize Theron and Jason Bateman.
They are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
They are pretty good. Who owns the Cowboys? I guess I saw them play a few times as a teenager.
Are you a fan of the Patriots? XI don't know much about them.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, Jason Trost, and James Franco. It was a comedy.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The Interview. It is a fantasy film.
He also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman and The White House Down.
The Vow is starring Mindy Kaling and Jed Brophy. It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also has starred in Red Dragon and wrath of the Titans.
No problem!
Yes I like Thillers. I also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil and Rushmore
The Lion King is a popular one that he was in. Have you seen it?
If yourene Mecchi did you know that he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Rocketeer and The Matrix Reloaded.
No problem!
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
I am not sure but I know he stars in the movie The Pursuit of Happyness
Yes, Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Science Fiction Film.
Sure, here you go.
Yes he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
I don't follow much for that team, but I have heard Fabio Capello was a great player as well.
I'm a huge sports fan. Do you have a favorite team?
It's a Christmas flim. Have you heard of it?
I heard they are very popular around the world
Its a drama, similar to Toy Story 2 and The Goonies.
Yes, they did start in Seoul in his first year as a pianist. Do you like his music?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch. Have you seeing?
Sean Penn starred in this movie. It is a great movie.
Enjoy the movie!
Your welcome. Enjoy
I sure can! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, with Elie Wiesel.
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
Great! I'll add it to your list.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a romance or because of the actors in it?
Geraldine Chaplin, Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
You are very welcome!
Yes I do he's an athlete who plays for the Spain National Football team.
It appears that he is from Spain and has starred in movies as well.
No, I don't see that information. But he is a celebrity-songwriter, musician and film producer.
John Travolta is also in that movie. He is a very well-known actor.
Are you looking for a specific genre by Epatha Merkerson or science fiction?
It is a science fiction and fantasy film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Some other dramas you may enjoy include The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is known for writing Freakonomics. He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, would you like me to add it to your list?
I have not, but I know he wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, I recommend that you read it!
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand along with Tom Hanks. Have you read it?
Yes it is. Do you want to know about similar books like the World's End?
I agree! I loved Ben Feldman in World's End.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
I haven't heard of this song, but I do know that it is a Thriller/Drama
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters which is speculative fiction
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Kelsey Grammer and Hugh Grant.
Did you know it was released in 2014.
No problem! Enjoy!
Is he the point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
That's right. I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
No I haven't but I've heard he is a good player.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
Grinhouse was written by Mike White and was produced by E.B. White.
Grindhouse was written by Rob Zombie and stars Bill Murray and is considered a comedy. It is very funny.
Do you like Big Fish because it is an adventure or because of the actors in it?
The Usual Suspects is a more popular one that Kenny.
Yes, Kenny Ortega also wrote Moon, Waiting to Exhale, which is a romantic comedy and was released in 2010.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life and Death of Peter Rabbit, and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
It also stars Sam LaMarr and Tim Blake Nelson.
It is a Historical fiction film, do you like those genres?
You're welcome, have a great day!
The Nets are a basketball team. The Nets are actually a team owned by Jay-Z.
Me too! It's a great movie. Did you like it because it's a sci-fi or because it's a action movie?
You should check out The Goonies. It's also a sci-fi movie.
It is an action movie and it also stars Robert Duvall and Ray Winstone. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is also in the genre of Romance Novels.
Yes, it is a romance novel as well.
Great, you are very welcome!
She is a tennis player from India. She has also played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, she's a tennis player from Mumbai. Did you know she competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
I haven't seen it, but I do know that she is also a model.
He starred in Looking for Richard
These are comedy/crime and Historical fiction.
Not sure, but Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it is written by Mary Harron. Do you like her work?
She wrote the Invisible Man and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm glad to help.
Yes she is! She's a very talented singer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I don't know of any of her song. But, I know that she is also a lyricist.
I'm not sure about that but I know it was released in 2010
You're very welcome
He's good! He starred in a lot of movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen any of the books similar to Zero Dark Thirty. I know he also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen that one?
The movies are written by Mark Boal, I'm not sure of those actors. I think you'll like it.
Cool! I'll add it to your list.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler Mane and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy.
Sure. How about A Christmas Carol? It's also a comedy.
Will do!
Enjoy the movie!
He is the quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan of his?
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. It's a Romance film.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, he did. Leo Tolstoy was also a writer and film producer.
He has also starred in Winnie-the -Pooh and The Last Anniversary.
Anytime! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, would you like to learn about other books written by Stephanie Meyer?
Yes she is a great author. She wrote The Chemist, Midnight Sun and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a biographical film and stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films, Justin Timerberlake or both?
Tom Everett, Steve Buscemi, and Jena Malone did a great job.
White House Down is a popular one by Holden Scott.
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote David Copperfield.
Seamus Heaney and Thorn Bird are two of my favorite authors.
Well there isn't a whole series by Zadie Smith, but I haven't read it yet. Have you?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a adventure film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 2007.
Yes she is very talented and is amazing. Let me know if you need anything else!
It's a adventure/sci-fi/comedy. It's a great movie.
Lord of the Rings is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is there a particular genre you like to read?
Women in Love was written by Lian Hearn.
He also wrote Insomnia and The Road to El Dorado
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Inception starred Keanu Reeves, Michael Caine, Teri Garr, Jeff Garlin, Scott Bakula
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Alice Hoffman. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Witching Hour is also a Young-adult fiction book. It's part of the series The Maze Runner series.
It was released in 1974, and is in the genre of Fantasy. I can add it to your reading list?
You're welcome.
I do. Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance and drama film.
It was released in 2004.
No problem, enjoy!
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Book Thief.
The genre is fiction
The Golden Compass
Chris Weissman directed the Golden Compass
Do you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre?
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is Speculative fiction and was written by John Scalzi.
I believe it is! The Last Colony is Speculative fiction, would you like me to add it to your list?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Book Thief.
Yes she did! She also wrote The Secret History.
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Rochester in Suffolk
you are welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was also written by Jojo Moyes, you might enjoy this one as well.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's one of my favorite Young-adult fiction books. Do you like it?
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
Wow, I didn't know that. Can I help you with anything else?
I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Wolf Brother. Any of those sound interesting?
He wrote This Side of Paradise and The Great Gatsby.
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Of course! You are welcome.
Sure. He starred in Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Do you like Black Hat because it is an adventure movie starring Tim Miller?
The Black Hat is a movie also starring Tim Miller
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies
Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 American historical fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro. It is a novel released in 1891.
Yes, it is a Spanish film and has a genre of War and Spanish.
I'm not sure about the genre. However, I do know that Alex Angulo is a producer and film producer.
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome! Happy to help!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
That's interesting! Did you know he also starred in The Christmas Blessing?
Yes you are correct he wrote the book and the movie is starring Tom Cruise
Yes, I like it. He wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like it. Have you read it?
I haven't seen it but it looks like it was produced by Thomas Lennon
Yes I do. It's a very popular drama that you may like.
The actor Robert Duvall also stars in The Godfather Part II with Ben Stiller.
Sean Penn wrote the book into the Wild.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild which is a Sean Penn film.
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men 2 or The Tree of Life. They are both adventure movies.
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Les Miserables is an action/adventure film released in 2002. Do you enjoy that type of film?
Okay.
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I haven't heard about her, but that she's really good. I like her in Princess Protection Program and Ramona and Beezus
I'm also a huge fan of her music. I haven't really heard much about her, but I'm more of a fan of her sister, Janet Jackson. She's super talented!
Yes, I agree!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho.
Yes, he did. He is a great coach.
The Maze Runner is a book. The Maze Runner is starring Jacob Latimore. Do you like it?
The author is James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, a great book by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a Non-fiction book, do you like those types of books?
Yes it starred Gary Paulsen and was adapted into a movie. Do you like the movie?
You are welcome, goodbye for now
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you looking for more by that author or more of that genre?
Its written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of young adult fiction
i dont have information about the film. what else can i answer for you today?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Dracula
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man.
There are a few authors similar to Nina Auerbach too. She wrote The Invisible Man.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Good Doctor is actually a film. It was directed by Peter Hyams. Do you like his work?
Anything else I can help you with?
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
Yeah, but I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
Yeah, he owns the Seattle Seahawks but is owned by Jerry Jones. Are you a fan of the Texans?
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
You're right! Emily Bronte and Frank McCourt also star in it. Do you like his work?
It came out in 2007 and was directed by Ryan Reynolds.
It's about unrequited love and it came out in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it's a classic!
I do! She's a great author who wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was also written by Pearl S. Buck.
I'll add that one to your reading list. I hope you enjoy it.
Enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is a professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sure. She has also won the 2012 PGA Championship and also her sister, Serena.
I don't watch much football but I do know he is married to Mirka Ramirez.
Yeah, he is very talented. He also plays cricket and was born in Mumbai.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In the same year also released You Are Not So Smart and Two Smokes.
You are very welcome!
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes, he is the writer of Zak Penn
I dont have information about that, but I know it was released in 2013
thank you
Crazy, Stupid, Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Tangled which may be similar.
Then you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars then.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He is a sci-fi author who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I do know he is American.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy and is fiction.
He has also starred in the movie True Grit and The Passage
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Post and The Circle.
Some of the most popular ones are The Simpsons Movie and The Simpsons Movie.
Ok, I'll add them to your queue.
Ok, I'll add it to your queue.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
It has a genre of Novel and Fiction.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller and was released in 2014.
I don't really know much but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. He's a good coach. What do you think?
It's pretty close to the Seahawks. It's up to the Cowboys once and they are owned by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
It is not too long ago, but the stadium is very busy. It has a lot of interesting stadiums like the Cowboys and the Giants.
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli. It's a Young-adult fiction and was released in 2000.
She also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
You're welcome! It is a young adult fiction and was released in 1995.
I think he is a very good tennis player. Do you like him?
That's right. number one of my favorite tennis players are Venus Williams and Roger Federer.
I agree. I liked him better when he had a good career.
Sure. Mary GrandPre was the author of The Assassin and the Desert. Other books like her are The Prestige and The Dark Knight.
You are correct. J.K. Rowlings wrote those books. She is a great author.
Sure, What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
Yes she did and it was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those books?
You are welcome, it's a great read!
They're pretty bad, I prefer Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
They seem to be having a bad season but they are 4th in their division right now.
I think he's a great player but not a fan of the Cowboys. I think he actually won the AFC North championship last year.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
There are a few that Stan Lee wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth.
Yes she wrote God's Smuggler. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place is non-fiction/autobiography. It's also known as Autobiography.
You're welcome!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you can try The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, enjoy!
Great! Have a good day!
He directed Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, which is a comedy film.
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joel David Moore to name a few.
He was in White House Down, which was a comedy.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and it is a biographical movie.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also an adventure film.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Do you like it because it's an adventure or because it's a sci-fi?
Okay, then you might enjoy World War Z, or Wolverine, it is sci-fi.
Mia Wasikowska, Jackie Weaver and Bill Murray all star in Zombieland.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know he also starred in Beloved , which is an action movie
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Yes, I do. Do you like books written by Anita Diamant?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction, and Children's literature - which are you interested in?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Absolutely! Other Speculative fiction books include Winter's Tale, Wolf Brother, and Weaveworld
The Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You might like There's a Wocket in My Pocket or Wrath of the Titans.
It is a romance and was released in 1929. Would you like to know more?
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis and stars Bill Murray. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Hunnam and Nicholas Cage starred in Year One.
Yes, he was also in Ghostbusters
Enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like action films?
You might enjoy Cloverfield, which is a sci-fi movie.
Yes. It is also a sci-fi film and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those actors?
Yes she was in it. She also starred in the movie Caddyshack
Sure, Jean-piert wrote The Sea of Monsters which is an Action Film.
Micmacs is starring Yo-Men. He is a great actor.
I do not know when he was born. He is a comedian.
Don't mention it
Might I suggest The Ocean at the End of the Lane because it is written by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen is one of the actress who starred in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in the suspense film The Big Lebowski.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Terry Pratchett.
Do you like the movie because it is an action movie?
It is an action film that was produced by Mark Wahlberg.
It is. You may want to check it out. It also stars Robert Duvall.
You are welcome!
Jojo Moyes wrote that one. I think Jojo Moyes wrote that one as well.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
No problem, enjoy!
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Abolition of Man and The Three Musketeers.
No, Alexandre Dumas would not be the only author who wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
Some similar novels are; The Third Musketeers, The Return of the King, and The Lord of the Rings.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, and The Red House. Have you read those?
Yes, it is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
I haven't but I do know that Peter Capaldi is in it. He's a great actor and an athlete.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel for The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Catching Fire is the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Fiction book that was released in 2011. It has genre Young-adult fiction and Adventure.
Yes, I do. Walking Disaster is a very good one.
You are welcome!
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
Me too! You may enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Revolutions.
Matthew McConaughey stars in John Wick as well. Do you know him?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
not really. I just know she composed You Lost Me.
I am not sure about that, I know she won the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year. Are you a fan of dance music?
Yes it is on the bucket list as well. She has a lot of good players like Toni Morrison and Jack Black
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited and directed The Matrix Revolutions.
OK, then you might like The Women of Brewster Place or The Matrix Revolutions. They are very popular.
I'm not sure, but it's Young-adult fiction. Have you seen it?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead's work?
She was also a graphic novel called Spirit Bound. Have you read it?
It was also written by Richelle Mead. It is a Fantasy/Comedy/Fantasy.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it.
Mission Impossible is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is an action movie?
Would you like recommendations for similar movies like The Lego Movie?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movies, The Dark Knight, and Road to Perdition.
Yes, he's also in Mad Max: Fury Road and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Yes, I hope you enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
That's the only one I have on Marue Hindle. She wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was also written by him.
Yes, he also wrote The Gift, The House of Mirth and The Glass Lake. Have you read those?
You might also like The Last Unicorn and The Handmaid's Tale.
I do! He wrote The World According to Garp. It's a very good book.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a classic. It's considered a classic.
Yes she did. It's a fantasy novel by Gustave Falubert
Yes, I know they are part of the NFC South
The Cowboys are a great team in the Dallas Cowboys. I don't follow football much so I do know that it is a part of the Cowboys.
I heard he is a great musician and actor as well. I enjoy hockey, football and baseball.
Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks' acting?
It is a great movie! Tim Allen starred in it as well and Nate Robinson and Tom Hanks
I believe it's more of a historical period drama! Will do that help!
Done. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I guess if I had to choose, I would say gymnastics. I think gymnasts are very talented.
I'm not a huge sports fan. I like to watch college baseball, what about you?
Yes, it's a very popular one. It was released in 2001 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
William Sanderson also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Wolverine. Have you seen those?
J.J. Abrams also had a role in the movie.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He also starred in What's Up Doc. Are you a fan of either?
I recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you liked that one.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also wrote The Manchurian Candidate which you might enjoy.
Roger Bart also wrote Water for Elephants which you might like if you enjoy crime fiction.
What did you like about it because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie similar to that one
You're welcome
Yes, she is an amazing performer and person in general. She has also composed for movies such as What's your number
I actually don't know of any of her songs. I do know that she has a very good voice, but I do know that she has a very good voice. She has a wonderful voice.
Yeah, she's pretty talented. I liked her in The Muppets and The Muppets too.
Sure. Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Patriot. Have you read that one yet?
It's a non-fiction book. Do you enjoy those types of books?
Yes. It's also written by Mario Vargas Llosa.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind.
Another mafia movie is Memento. Another movie you might enjoy is Monsters, Inc.
Capone is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It stars Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox
You are welcome!
No, I haven't. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Roland Emmerich
The genre is Action and Drama movie. Do you like watching Drama movies?
Yes, The Night Stalkers is also a Drama movie you might like
It stars Steve Buscemi, Liam Neeson and Liam Neeson
you are welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
I believe it to be a romance novel
I'm not sure about that. I believe it was similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm glad to help! I hope she like it!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but the movie was directed by Terry Pratchett
Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance. Do you like romance books?
Don't mention it.
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by Mark Helprin
Welcome
Have you read A Tree Grows In Brooklyn by Betty Smith? It was released in 1943.
The year it was released also
Yes it was also in English
I am a big fan of the England Patriots. How about you?
Ok, I have heard of him. What position does he play for?
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
Yes, he is the director of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it, but I know that Tom Everett and Kevin Spacey also star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, he's also directed Fast & Furious and Zoom. Are you familiar with those?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally
It came out in 1999.
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of that book?
He writes speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote a book called Shark Night.
No problem!
Sarah Dressen wrote a famous book called 'Tier & Wizard's First Rule'.
I would recommend Half Broke Horses and Seth Rogan. They are both great reads.
No problem, enjoy!
Stan Lee is the main actor in the movie. It is a great Spider-Man 2
Yes he is. She has also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
You are very welcome!
Yes, he is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
I'd recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother and Wrath of the Titans.
Yes, that was a great movie. It was directed by Tim Burton.
You are welcome have a great day.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in that movie.
Your welcome!
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
That is speculative fiction and science fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres memoir, biography, and biography
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Jason Matrix, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
You are right! Do you like Echoes of Silence?
It looks like they made it to the song The Morning and Crew Love. I think you would like it!
I think it is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Some of his thrillers include Xenocide and The Firm.
It was released in 1994. It is a mystery/fantasy genre and also stars Johnny Depp.
I'm not sure of the most popular suspense novel, but you might also like The Firm.
Yes. It is written in English and is also classified as a biography.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote many books including The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
Then you might also enjoy The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Lorax.
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a really good one.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
I love him! I especially like the song This Love. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I do as well. Do you enjoy Maroon 5 songs?
I don't watch any of those shows but I do enjoy Maroon 5 songs. X Factor is a comedy too.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel by Frank Beddor, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye and The Tree of Life
The movie was released in 1995.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in the movie called Bobby
Bobby, enjoy the movies!
Me too! He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, he was the author of that movie and it's a mystery.
That's a really good one, The Absolute Sandman as well as The Absolute Sandman. I can't seem to find any information on that.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature but would you like to know more?
Enjoy and don't forget it
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Scarlett Johansson starred in the sci-fi movie We Bought a Zoo and also in The Prestige.
Ok!
Lara Pulver and Scarlett Johansson starred in the sci-fi film Under the Skin.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It's an excellent movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, she starred in that movie as well as Rebecca Hall and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he is. He is also in Pulp Fiction as well as Fantasy. Do you like those types of movies?
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I think Bud Adams was influenced by Ken Whisenhunt
I don't really follow football, but I do know that he is married to Eva Longoria.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, have you seen that?
Yes, he also wrote Broken Trail and did you know he was also a musician?
Yes, some more Indie films are The Apostle, The Apostle, The Neon Bible, The Apostle, and The Apostle.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
no i didnt know she is a musician as well did you know she also plays the guitar?
Wayman : He is a basketball player as well. do you know anything about him?
that is very welcome have you ever heard of him?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
i think so as well, he had a great voice. do you like his music?
I haven't heard much of his music but I do like his new stuff. He's a very good person and a lot of people like him.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe the book is written by Rick Riordan, but The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction. Do you like fantasy books?
Then you'll love The Winds of War! It is written by Rick Riordan.
Can I help with anything else?
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
The Simpsons Movie is Comedy/Drama. He also directed The Simpsons Man.
Ok, then you'll like The Simpsons Movie. It's also directed by Simon McBurney.
Enjoy it!
She has written Wicked and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, he was also a play. It was released in 1995.
No, who wrote Wicked. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome.
Yes, Ms. Calvery wrote A Clockwork Orange which it's a drama. Do you like drama?
It also starred James Frain. Do you like James Frain?
It was released in 2008 and is a Romance film.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. He wrote the book Cloud Atlas, which was adapted into a film. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is in the English language. Did you enjoy it? The Bone Clocks is also in English.
I don't have any information on that author but I do have The Bone Clocks that was released in 1994.
I hope you like it!
Sure. He directed Super, which was produced by Ray Bradbury. Have you seen it?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
I can recommend you District 9, a Thriller, State of the Union and Waterworld.
Okay enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right. He wrote it as well.
Yes, it was written by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action movie staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I'm not sure. However, I know it is an action movie starring Tom Hardy, who also stars in Superman and Spiderman.
I've seen him in the movie The Green Mile, but I haven't seen it yet.
There are so many great movies!
ok
I am not sure of the release date of his last album. Is there anything you'd like to know?
Yes, you should watch The Thrill of It was also released in that movie.
I'm not a fan of him. I can check if you watch anything from him.
I like them both. I'm a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Its a fiction book
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
Yeah, she's American. I think she just won the 2015 PGA Championship!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Stephen Hawking wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about these?
It has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Rock, and Ben Stiller. It's also a film.
Enjoy the movie!
I know he sung New Perspective! I really don't know that one either.
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Yes, it was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a crime movie and The Pacifier is a Thriller.
Underdog is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or drama movies?
It is a drama/mystery and was released in 2002.
I can recommend you The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is also a good one, have you read it?
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books include The Handmaid's Tale and The Giver.
It was released in 1981.
Great! I hope you enjoy.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
There are so many great ones to follow that year. The Golden Compass and The Magician's Land are two of my favorites.
You are very welcome. I am glad I could help.
It's a film that was released in 2002. The Swan Thieves was also released that year.
I actually don't have any additional information for that author but I can tell you that The Historian was also written by William Steig.
I actually don't have that information right now. But I can tell you that Without Fail was written by Dick Hill. It is an excellent thriller.
You're very welcome!
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
I haven't seen it. Did you know it was written by Tate Taylor?
Yes! He was also in Help. I think you might like it as well.
It's a romance film and it's also considered a children's film.
Enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it was Crime Fiction?
The Game is a Fantasy and Action Film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well as Tom Hardy and Dangerous.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in Snow White and the Huntsman.
They also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Thin Red Line
You're welcome!
I know that Rick Riordan wrote that book. His books are based on Greek mythology.
Did you know that it's part of the series The Titan's Curse is in the genre of Fantasy?
Enjoy!
I dont really follow music that much, but i know that The Weeknd is a friend of mine and he is amazing. Did you know he is also a teacher?
The Muppets was a musical too. Did you know she was also in Spring Breakers?
I like comedy films, but he's been around a long time.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
I'm not sure about that one, I know Will Smith directed The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. I loved him in Battleship. Did you see it?
Definitely! He wrote Terms of Endearment, a Drama starring Debra Winger.
Then you might like Zero Dark Thirty. It's more of a comedy.
I think you'll like Tootsie as well.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. Its a comedy/drama. Have you seen it?
Great! She also starred in This is the End, have you seen it?
I don't think it's a fantasy, but it's a comedy with Emma Watson in it.
Enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen is the President of the United States of America and he directed the Karate Kid. Have you seen that?
There is. Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shining and Shallow Hal.
That stars Everett Scott, Mike Vogel, and Jason Bateman to name a few.
Yes! She is starring in The Cosby Show.
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
The Queen of Attolia is a young-adult fiction
The Looking Glass Wars is another movie similar to this
There are 3 parts of this series, just that I am not sure.
Yes, this is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel released in 1993. It is also a novel.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of movies. He's been in alot of movies. Do you like his acting?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Nicholson and Damon Wayans Jr.
He did, and he was also in The Wishsong of Shannara, The Women of Brewster Place and King Kong.
That is correct. I think he did a great job in it as well.
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really like it. I am more of a baseball fan.
I do. She is one of my favorite tennis players.
Yes, he's also an athlete as well.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's right! I like Space Jam. Have you seen it?
I think I heard of him. I don't know much about Ivan Reitman. He's a great actor.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan. Have you read it?
It is speculative fiction and fantasy.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Son of Neptune
He has written a few good books, including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
It was released in 1997.
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby, two amazing books that I highly recommend.
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is actually the author of the book Disclosure that he wrote.
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton has written a book called Disclosure that you might like.
It's a short story and was released in 1991.
You are welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.
Well, if you like sci-fi, The Incredible Burt Wonderstone and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone were both in it!
Yes he does! Jason Lee also wrote the Incredibles. He also starred in Catwoman!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dick and London.
Yes, it is a biography and also a biography
The Cat in the Hat is another good one
That is a great song by Ed Sheeran. He also wrote Kick-Ass which is one of my favorites.
Yes, it was
That's a good one. He wrote Uptown Funk and Fireboy too.
It is a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books similar to it?
Terry Pratchett wrote it. Would you like to know more about the author?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It's also written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, she is an author and has a long list of books that he has written.
Robert Downey Jr. is the author of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like mysteries?
Great! I have added to his new ones. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The genre is mystery/fantasy. Do you like these genres?
It is a short story.
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins. Are you interested in thrillers?
The Perfect Game was written by Suzanne Collins and released in 1997.
Yes. The Girl on the Train is a very popular film filmed in Mexico.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer and song writer. Do you like his music?
I do not know that one. But I heard he is a good singer
Yes, she's a great artist. Do you like her music?
Yes, I love him. He directed Terms of Endearment. Have you seen it?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well as Jack Black, have you seen it?
Do you like movies directed by Russell?
No problem, enjoy
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama
I recommend All My Sons.
You're very welcome!
He starred in The Girl Next Door, The Secret of My Success, and The Girl Next Door.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she's starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Comedy.
No, The Wrestler is a Drama movie and is also a movie. Enjoy!
You are very welcome!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is definitely a must! Two of my favorites are The Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and The Legend of Tarzan.
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like thrillers?
World Without End is similar. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
It is a good one. Stefan Kapicic is also in Deadpool. It is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
It appears that it is a superhero movie, do you like superhero movies?
Sure. Do you like the author J.K.R Tolkien? He wrote This Is the End.
The Harry Potter series is also written by J.K. Rowling
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It is. Did you know it was actually made into a movie?
It is a great read. Enjoy!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like his movies?
Another Sci-Fi movie you might enjoy is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Another Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen this one?
It stars Steve Buscemi and Sofia Coppola to name a few.
OK, Midnight Rain is also written by Peter Capaldi. I think you would like it.
Yes! His song We Rode in Trucks is unbelievable!
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like it?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
They're very good. Are you looking for Action/Thriller movies by John Scalzi?
She starred in The Matrix Revisited so you should try that
Enjoy!
He is an author, she wrote The Verdict and he is also a musician.
I am not sure but I can tell you he is a scientist and author
Crime i dont have that information
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by her are The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, Nicky Katt also starred in Waking Life. He also starred in Donnie Darko which is a romantic comedy.
It is also starring Ethan Hawke.
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
Are you looking for other books written by John Green?
Can I help you with anything else?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
That is correct. He's a great actor. He was also in The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you seen it?
I'll add it to your watch list!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read those?
He's also written Davinci's Code which was released in 2008. If you like that one you should check out When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries.
Flannery O'Connor starred in The Christmas Blessing and Christopher Walken. Do you have a favorite of mine?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
I don't have that information, but I think you might also check out The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. It was released in 2014.
It's a fictional story about a boy who meets a woman and falls in love with her and falls under the name of a woman. Do you like biographies?
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Germany national team.
Thirteen Moons has the genre of Thriller and Drama.
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome!
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I don't know of them, but I do know they're super popular in the 90's.
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins . Do you like animation films?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote a few fiction books, my favorite is The Black Pearl and Sing Down the Moon.
He is a good Athlete
Yes, he was. He is listed as one of the best table tennis players.
It is a table tennis player too. I think that is the only one that I know of.
B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday is the author of Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in Romance genre
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt was married to Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
You are welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallagher, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
A similar movie to Goodfellas is The Gods of Mars.
Do you like it because it is an adventure or because Robert De Niro stars in it?
Thomas Lennon and Robert De Niro also star in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. Art Linson wrote What Just Happened to Goodfellas.
you are welcome!
Do you like this because it is written by Reginald Rose?
Yes, Beneath is starring in What Lies Beneath, she also starred in Alice in Wonderland
The movie was released in 1998.
You are welcome.
I know that the Boston Celtics is a basketball team coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much, but I do know that Groc Grousbeck is the owner of the Boston Celtics.
I do, the Lakers are my favorite team. Who is yours?
I haven't heard of him, but he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is correct and he starred in The Pianist. Are you familiar with his work?
Simon West is a great director and he directed Fast Times at Ridgemont High, have you seen it?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Would you like to know about any other books in the romance genre?
Yes, it is considered Young-adult fiction and Fantasy. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote it. Did you see the movie?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did star in that movie. Are you familiar with Tom McCarthy?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, do you like that movie?
I'm not sure what year Gravity was released. Cuarón was also in Gravity. Did you know he also starred in Zombieland?
Gravity was released in 2013. Toy Story was also released that year.
Alfonso Cuaron starred in Gravity a sci-fi movie. Gravity was also released in 2011. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the Oakland Raiders. Did you know that they were owned by businessman Mark Davis?
I didn't know that. Do you enjoy watching football matches?
Yes, that's true. Do you like the Raiders? I can't wait to see them if I can.
Yes, it is written by Christopher Nolan and starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees, Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman
Rebecca Hall starred in Gone with the Wind and Swept Away
No problem, hope you enjoy!
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you like?
It is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
There is a book similar to that one called Cloverfield.
You are welcome
He wrote Tempted which was turned into a movie. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It is a romance novel, similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
It is. Did you know that it is also a film.
I will have to check that out. Did you know that Zadie Smith is an author?
You are very welcome!
John Lasseter directed The Manchurian Candidate which was written by John Lasseter. Have you seen this one?
Cars 2 was released in 2004. I don't have that information, but it is a great movie!
Do you mean Peter Jacobson who starred in the movie Cars 2?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Ocean's Eleven. She also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
That's good to know! He's also in The Titans and he was in Mystic River as well.
I know that they are a part of the AFC West, and owned by John Fox. Are you a fan?
Yes, I like the Redskins. They are ok. I like the New Orleans Saints too. Do you follow them?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
There are so many good ones, Wyrd Sisters, Witches Abroad, Wintersmith
That's right. He is currently playing for the Golden State Warriors.
I believe he is 41 years old
No, he is pretty tall
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Yes, he also wrote the Silence of the Lambs as well. Do you like thrillers?
Well you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs, which is an action/adventure film.
Enjoy your weekend!
The Transformers is a great action movie starring Glenn Morshower and Kevin Dunn. Are you a fan of them?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie as well. Do you like his work?
If you like revenge, you might also enjoy The Truman Show or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
I only know that he is from Oklahoma City, but he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes I am a fan of the Celtics. How about you?
I believe so. I'm not sure of that information. I don't follow much basketball either.
Crescendo is next in the series.
Yes, it's a series. Another great one is Zero Dark Thirty
It is a romance novel written by William Golding
Enjoy!
Thank you
He is golfer in London although he is from Johannesburg.
That's okay, I feel the same. I am not a big golf fan of golf either. I like to watch some golf too. One of my favorite players is Venus Williams.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler, starring him and Adam Sandler, ?
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, I'm a big fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure how they are doing this season but it's hard to root for the New England Patriots today. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963 in English and released in 1963.
You are welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer similar to Paul McCartney. You like music?
Yes she is an actress too. Did you know she is also an actor? She starred in The Giver.
That's good to know. Did you know The Giver was first released in 1981?
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
It is a fiction book, also written by John Green.
You're welcome.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about Murder?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was produced by Truman Capote.
Sure, I do! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
That is correct. Mandy Moore was in that film. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Fugitive is a great family film. It's a very funny family film. Have you seen it?
Yes, and Tim Allen also starred in Monster's Inc which is a great film!
Yes! Tom Hanks also wrote and starred in that movie as well.
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is starring Steven Spielberg and Chris Columbus. Do you like them?
The Goonies is a Science Fiction movie by Steven Speilberg also directed Ocean's Eleven which is also a Sci-Fi.
The Extra-Incounters of the Third Kind was released in 2010. Would you like to know more?
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, you should check it out!
Gulliver's Travels with Charley is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Marlon Brando and other Marlon Brando, did you know that it is also a movie?
It is directed by Tess Gerritsen and was released in 1997.
I'm not sure but he is also a director.
He has starred in movies like Looking for Richard, The Recruit, and The Panic in Needle Park.
It's a crime and drama film.
Sure! White House Down, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are a few more written by him.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino and Gillian Jacobs.
Glad to help!
Yes she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her most popular albums are Lady Gaga and Katy Perry
Not really, but I'm familiar with the song One Step Closer. Do you know it?
I personally enjoy their music, but I don't really know any of their music. I am more of a Linkin Park fan. Linkin Park is one of their favorite bands.
They're pretty dynamic. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. How about you?
Sure, he starred in movies like Lolita, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
He was also in The Wicker Man and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He was also in Twilight and The Amazing Spider Man.
Yes, he was in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and Stuck on You.
She also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, it's a great book. She also wrote The Collected Poems and The Collected Poems.
How about The Collected Poems, do you know that it was made into a movie?
I'm not sure of the most popular one but I do know he was in The Wiz, The Wiz and The Wiz.
Alright, I thought it was a good book. He also wrote "We the Living", "Horror."
yes it's the whale is a drama movie with the voice of Woody Harrelson.
Sure! Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a fantasy film. Do you like Ryan Reynolds films?
I don't have that information unfortunately, but you might also like Deadpool.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazil National Football team. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
It is written in Spanish and English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Fiction book and the genre is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is musical theater movie. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it was released in 2000
You are very welcome!
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He's a good player
Wow. He plays for Real Madrid too. Do you follow soccer?
I couldn't agree more. What position does he play for?
The Scarlet Letter is a historical novel written by Marissa Meyer. There is also a Thriller based on this title.
John Irving is an American author who wrote The World According to Garp.
Would you like to know something similar to The World According to Garp?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a director. He directed Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox and Law Abiding Citizen starring Gerard Butler. Are you a fan of those actors?
She's a very good actress. She was also in the movie The Princess Mononoke, which was released in 1997.
It is an animation film also starring Charlize Theron and Rosario Dawson. It is an animated short film and was released in 2011.
Of course! Enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the sequel like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. It is a Thriller/Horror film.
I don't know about the comedy genre but if you are into comedy you can watch Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Brad Pitt has starred in the movies The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
You are welcome!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a Romantic film, similar to The Theory of Everything.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
oh you are a fan of Cricket. it is a very popular sport in the U.S.
That's a interesting fact. He's from India.
I agree! Lakers is a pretty good team. Who is your favorite player on the team?
I think he is a good coach. I actually don't know much about him
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1893.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1989 and it's a children's book.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are pretty good. The Warriors are coached by Steve Kerr and Mark Jackson. Do you like them?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes, Vulgar is a horror film and it stars Tom Cruise and Tim Allen. Do you like Horror films?
It is a comedy-drama and was released in 1995.
Kevin Smith wrote and starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Drama/Fantasy film.
You're very welcome!
I know it is a German football club
i actually don't like it. what sports do you like?
Yes. It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure. The Pillars of Creation and The Omen Machine are top Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is Utopian Fiction and dystopian fiction. Do you like these types of books?
I am not sure if he wrote a fiction novel, but he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
It is a Historical novel. Do you like those types of books?
Great, I can add them to your list.
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
I will add them to your reading list.
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
Wes Welker is a great team! I love their team colors. Did you know their team is owned by John Lennon.
I like Stephen Gostkowski too. He's with the New England Patriots. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yeah, he's good friends with mcgregor. I actually don't know what he does.
Yes, he was also a politician
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote Star Maker. She is also the author of Star Maker.
I believe it is a crime fiction
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight series. Have you watched that one?
Ella Enchanted is a romance, written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen it?
Sure. It stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Rock. It is a sci-fi/comedy film.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a Science Fiction starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It is a highly rated cast.
Yes she did. She also won The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and the Amazing Spider-Man 2
Yes, How to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Power of Thinking Big and How to Win Friends and Influence People are two good books I recommend.
He also wrote Principle Centered Leadership if you are interested.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about that. Is it the genre you like?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
There are many Jack Reacher films, including Zero Dark Thirty, Jack Reacher, and The Last Samurai.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is a very talented singer
Yes, he is a very talented pianist. Do you like his music?
I don't have any information on his songs, but i know he is from Chico.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles. It's a great movie!
Can I help you with anything else?
It is a great movie by Charles Dickens. Do you enjoy his movies?
Ok, then you might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil. Do you like any of those?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I'm always happy to help.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. But I heard it's a pretty good book.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
No, it's in English.
Yes, she's a really talented singer. Did you know she's from Nashville?
I like the song You Love Me. Do you have a favorite one of hers?
Not sure. I know she has a long list of her songs. What do you think about her?
That is a reality television show. I also enjoy watching the show American Idol.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you mind if I search for other books written by her?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. It is also a Fantasy/Adventure books.
The Mortal Instruments is part of the series written by him. Have you read The Iron Trial?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes, he wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
It is an adventure film
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine to name a few.
It is a Historical Novel.
It is a Drama movie. You can also try The Corpse Bride.
I am not sure who stars in the movie. However, The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a fantasy novel.
That is a good question. It has a genre of fiction and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome.
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but he did write Catch Me If You Can. It is a comedy.
Paula Hawkins wrote a book called Circling the Sun that was turned into a movie. Have you heard of it?
Yes it was, have you seen it? The movie 2012 was a great movie
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read those?
The Siren is a fantasy book and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
That's a good one! She has written The Siren, The Queen, and The Selection are Young-adult fiction and fantasy as well.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus.
He's also in The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes, she also starred in The Tree of Life.
Yes. Paper Towns was written by John Green and stars Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
I have. Did you know that The Fault in Our Stars is also written by John Greene?
He is a basketball player. Do you follow the sport?
Yes he is, do you know who he is?
Yes that is true, do you like basketball movies like Space Jam?
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner and stars James Dashner. It's a Sci-Fi/Action movie that was released in 2002.
Yes, Way Station is a great Sci-Fi novel. Do you want more recommendations?
Yes I do, I would recommend it.
Sure. Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
James Franco and Danny Huston starred in this movie. If you like Sci-Fi you may also enjoy X-Men: First Class.
Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Murphy. It is a sci-fi. Do you like those types of movies?
I have not seen it. But I know it was written by both Craig T. Nelson and Christopher Nolan. Do you like them?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone also star in it. Do you know her?
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football team.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan. I also like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
I do love American football. What is your favorite team?
That is my favorite team. Who is your favorite team?
I do not think they will be in the superbowl. Who is your favorite player?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure. Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
Yes, he's also an actor and a director. Some of his other movies are The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Maze Runner. It's a drama.
You are welcome!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Ah yes, and Abigail Breslin starred in it as well. It is a Family Saga and it's a comedy.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jason Derulo is a composer and lyricist. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I haven't heard anything from her, but I do know he is a very good singer
Yes she has a few years. I know she is from there and has a lot of people like Taylor Swift and Taylor Swift
Sure, what Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You might also enjoy The Last Anniversary if you like that series.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and Speaker of the Dead are Speculative fictions. Speaker of the Dead is Speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you like to know more about this book?
you are welcome
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Is that what you are looking for?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Terry Ross
your welcome
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets a musical comedy film.
Definitely! She has a new version of The Edge of Glory. Are you looking for something new?
She has starred in quite a few films including The White Countess and The Buckets.
Do you like their music because they are a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal?
I don't like Yellow too, I think it's pretty good! I like Ransom which is my favorite Yellow song.
Yes, actually it was! I never heard of them.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He's also in The House of Mirth and The Glass House.
Yes, she is starring in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. This is a great book!
it is a Historical fiction. what else can i do for you today?
it was released eight years ago. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he is an actor. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Twilight?
Sure, a few of his songs are Yul Vazquez, Heavenly Creatures, New Moon and more. Do you know any of those?
It is a pop music. Do you like it?
Yes, I do! He's a great writer. He wrote The Little Prince and The Golden Compass.
The book is a novel in the mystery genre
It was released in 2003
Is that a genre you like reading?
Do you like it because it's a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Sci-Fi/Action
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy movie
You are welcome
Yes, the movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis, do you like them?
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he also starred in The Mask and There's a Wolverine.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Rob Zombie and Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, he did. They were both in The O.C. series.
You are welcome and I hope you like it!
Do you enjoy crime or crime movies?
You might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, or Gone Baby Gone, which are similar.
Do you want to know who stars in Trance in the crime film?
Of course, Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Sharito Copley.
Sure. She also starred in The Men Who Stare at Goats. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it too!
Yes and that was a great movie!
Owen Wilson is so funny in that movie! He was also in What Women Want. Have you seen that one?
He's a soccer player. He plays the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not sure but he plays the Midfielder.
He is also on the Germany national football team. It is a midfielder and forward as well.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer movie, do you like soccer?
Yes, and he is also the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
A couple good ones are The Outsiders and The Power of Six. Do you like them?
Yes, and Emma Stone too. I will add that to your watch list.
I will add that to your list. Enjoy!
That's a good movie. Did you know it's stars Zooey Deschanel?
I like thrillers. I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Do you like thrillers?
Then, would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, it is a great movie with Ben Stiller in it as well.
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
It was released in 2011. She also wrote Gone with the Wind.
I can't find that information, but I can tell you that Beautiful Darkness was starred by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. It is considered a romance and fantasy film.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I do not know where he is. But the Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The movie Inside Man stars Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
I can't remember who produced it, but I know that Tom Sawyer produced it.
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I'm not sure of the genre, but he did write and directed it as well.
I'm not sure of that, but it is a comedy.
Do you want to know other movies he produced?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
It is yes, Robin Williams also starred in it as well and it was really good.
Yes I have heard of them
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
Yes, they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a very good one. I like the Tennessee Titans and the San Francisco 49ers.
Yes, the Steelers are one of the best team in the AFC West division. I like the Steelers
Do you like the genre of this book?
Mary Doria Russell wrote it. She is a great author.
I don't have that information. However, Madame Bovary is in it.
She starred in The Family Man.
Okay, can I help you with anything else?
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. Tyrannosaur Canyon came out in 2005. Would you like to know more about it?
The Mist was actually released that year and The Maze Runner was a great addition to The Maze Runner. I think you'd like it!
You might enjoy Titan A.E., also written by Vince Flynn.
Sure, will do.
Shelley Duvall starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Bruce Willis.
Sure, I can suggest you watch The Walking Dead.
Enjoy!
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Daniel Craig and James Franco. It's a great thriller.
She has also starred in Greta Gerwig. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is one of her latest movies. Did you know she is an actor?
I agree! I think she's a talented singer. She starred in Snoop Dogg and Dressed to Kill.
No, I haven't seen it. I think I will check it out. Thanks for the info!
It also stars Will Smith. I'm not sure who else is in it, but I do know that Will Smith is also in the film.
Martin Gardner starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It's a non-fiction.
I don't know any authors similar to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you know Linus Roald Dahl is an author?
You are welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie as it is a Fantasy or Adventure movie?
I can recommend The Good Doctor or The Return of the King
He starred in The Return of the King and The Matrix Reloaded
You're welcome!
She's a poet who wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a professional golfer. Do you like gold?
I haven't seen them in a long time but I know Adam Sandler is in it. Who was in that movie?
That's right. Did you know he was an actor? He's also a director?
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect.
It is a psychological thriller and science fiction film. Are you interested in those types of movies?
You are welcome.
Sure. Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama/comedy produced by Wes Craven and released in 1995.
The Pelican Brief is a Crime Drama. It is also a film that was released in 1995.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy Wicker Park, which is also a Young Adult film.
Yes, it is a comedy film.
Jennifer Lawrence is the main star of Young Adult Films
Bradley Cooper was in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a comedy film
He's in a lot of comedy movies. You might want to check out The Road to El Dorado as well
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in his books or movies?
You might like The Seahawks, which is also written by M.L. Stedman.
I can add that to your list. You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another Jane Austen book?
Jean Rhys wrote Lullaby.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but he was influenced by William Shakespeare and George Orwell.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
I know that Tate Donovan was in White House Down, which was a thriller. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
The genre is Comedy-drama and it has a great cast.
Rocky is written by Sylvester Stallone. It's also a drama film. Do you enjoy watching these types of movies?
You might like The Cradle Will Rock, also written by him. It was also released in 1985.
It's a martial arts film and it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. Do you like Romance Films?
Great! Then you should check out Wicked Lovely which is also a historical period drama.
Yes, it was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I didn't know that. I think he was from Miami. Did you know he was also a basketball player?
NBA All-Rookie Team is my favorite. Who is yours?
Yes, I agree. I think he's one of the best in my opinion.
Oh wow , I didn't know that. Wow! What do you think of him?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which was released in 2012.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Duvall?
Yes, it is. It also stars Tom Hanks and Michael Chernus.
Yes, Apocalyps Now is a classic!
Both The Godfather and Apocalypse Now are two movies you may enjoy.
I do! Gloria Stewart is a very talented actress.
Sure, have you watch Gravity or The Men who stare at goats?
Sorry I don't have that information right now
It is a Drama and Thriller
Enjoy!
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi and fantasy.
Sure. She wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Tom Hardy, Robert De Niro, and Ethan Hawke starred in War. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I can't find that information. Can I help with anything else?
I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Do you like he's a great actor? He starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats?
Yes, he starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Saving Grace was released in 2007.
Yes she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Oh I know a lot about tennis but don't follow much either. I do know that Simona Halep plays tennis though.
Oh wow . I didn't know she's from Belarus.
Yes, they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York. Do you like them?
Yeah, I think they are a great team, and was produced by Jason Garrett.
I believe the book is a History book, but I don't know the title.
127 hours is a Thriller/Drama directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James was also in Palo Alto. Have you seen that one?
If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or Spider-Man 2.
Yes it was written by Robert Zemeckis and Tim Roth
It is a drama movie
Your welcome!
I know that he is Athlete in the team Royal Challengers Bangalore
It is. Do you know Virat Kohli is from Bangalore?
There are so many great cricket players, but the most famous cricket player in the world is Louis van Gaal.
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and is part of the series The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read any of them?
Yes, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Would you like to know more?
I believe it's fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, there are other examples. I recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
It is a young-adult fiction book. It was actually made into a movie with the title Sea Wolf.
The book is a male writer, but I do not know who wrote it.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
That is also by Richard Pevear. He wrote Oliver Twist, have you heard of it?
That is a Fiction/Fantasy.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly. Kristen Connolly starred in it.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by David Fincher.
Yes that is the same genre.
Ok. I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you enjoy that movie because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Did you know he's also the director of Superman v Superman 2?
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That's right. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I recommend The Blind Side. It is an action/adventure film.
I would also recommend X-Men Apocalypse.
It's about the story of an Irish nurse who meets a woman and falls in love with his wife, Julia Roberts.
I'm glad I could help!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No but I do follow Venus more. Do you have a favorite tennis player?
Serena has a double name as her sister Serena. Venus has lost matches to her sister Serena too.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds - Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen either of them. I do know that Scarlett Johansson was also in The Proposal. It is a superhero film.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. I haven't seen it yet, I will add it to my watch list.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Charlize Theron directed it. Do you like her work?
It has starred Susan Sarandon and Andrew Niccol.
It came out in 2007.
Yes, I have seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan of Kevin Spacey?
It is a Comedy/drama if you like comedies.
that is correct. You've Got Mail is a great superhero movie.
Yes, Tom Hanks also stars in that film as well. It is a comedy/drama.
I'm sure you will like it.
your welcome
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown.The genre is Techno-thriller and Thriller. Do you like this genre?
you have The Last Stand has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! I loved that one, too. I recommend X-Men 2 or World's Worst Dog.
Yes, Lemony Snicket also wrote Wide Window.
Rosemarie DeWitt was the main actor, and it is a drama.
OK, enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct. Daniel Handler was also a screenwriter and a producer.
You're welcome!
Great, enjoy the movie!
I haven't read Outlander, but I heard it was written by Charles Dickens.
Apparently she wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Are you a fan of adventure books?
I'm not sure of any others she has written but My Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
No I do not but I can tell you My Own Heart's Blood is the second book in the series.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Are you a soccer fan?
Not really. I don't really follow football as much as I don't know. Do you have a favorite team?
They were! I didn't know that! I think Hayden Panettiere was also in The Hiding Place, which is a great movie!
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's a Action/Thriller. Do you enjoy those types of films?
I don't have any more information on him, but I can tell you that he starred in You've Got Mail.
Mark Margolis directed that movie. Would you like to know more about him?
I love her music! Did you know that she has also starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine. Some of my favorite artists are Adam Sandler and Kate Beckensale.
Yes, I like him too. He's a great singer. One of my favorites is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
The New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson. I am not a fan of the New York Jets but I do know they are owned by Woody Johnson
I don't know much about the Jets. Are they part of the National Football League?
I did not know that. Are the Jets part of the New York Jets owned by Woody Johnson
Yes, he wrote Snatch and starred in Snatch.
Sure, it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes. Its a south korean boy band
I haven't heard of them. Is they a good team?
Oh, yes. It's a very popular song from South Korea. I recommend it as well.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know he is also a director?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers.
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg. I remember that he was in a movie called Slim Shady & Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did and it's also a comedy.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a comedy/drama. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
It is a comedy/drama and was released in 2002.
She was also in The Legend of Tarzan and The Truman Show. Do you like her?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a fiction book and it was released in 2002. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a fictional book. Do you like that genre? It's very different.
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information. However, Armageddon is not popular, it's also considered a thriller and was directed by James Cameron.
That's right. Dwayne Johnson also starred in Man on the Moon and another one called World War Z.
Thx is an action film, with Dwayne Johnson.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I don't really follow cricket so I don't know much about it either. I do know Rohit Sharma plays for the Mumbai Indians and he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I do like American football. What is your favorite team?
It's hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
I think so. She was also in The Secret Life of Bees and The Little House Collection. Have you seen those?
Lea Thompson is actually the only star she has starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
I have it, I think you will enjoy it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read those?
It is a sci-fi film.
Stanlee was written by Jack Niffenegger
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade." Would you like to know more?
Yes, Memento is written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon
Yes, he wrote the movie The Prestige and The Dark Knight
Batman Begins was added.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did a great job.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins but I haven't been following them.
I can't remember when they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't follow football that much. I prefer to watch the New England Patriots play again.
He has written some great books, would you prefer I search based on him, or the genre?
Yeah, that's too bad. I haven't read any of his other books, but I do like Fantasy too.
I'm sorry I don't have any similar books in the genre, but I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and World Without End. Are those of interest?
I am not a superhero movie like Deadpool but I can recommend some other Superman films if you like.
James Franco is one of the actors in this film.
Deadpool was released 2008 and is written by Douglas Adams.
You are very welcome!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he that Belgian soccer player that was injured in a crash recently?
I like American Football. What about you?
Wow, I'm a fan and I am a fan as well.
Yes she is, she's a good actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
I haven't seen him in that movie. I think he is a good actor.
I haven't seen it, can I help you with anything else?
It's a great comedy that was produced by Jodi Picoult
John C.Reilly also wrote Shutter Island and Gone Girl, which are both hilarious!
Slapstick comedy was released in 2000, and it also stars Rob Lowe.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Macbeth.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG-13.
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, I don't follow football that much. I do know that they are coached by John Fox too.
That's right, he also coached the Denver Broncos.
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta are starring in that.
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Taylor Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day. Did you see that movie?
He is an excellent actor. I think you should also watch The Big Lebowski. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
It is a pop music and an animation. Do you like it?
I do as well.
It was written by Ralph Steadman and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes he was, and he also starred in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
I have not seen that. I will have to see Mortdecai, it is a fantasy movie.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2.
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is also a Fiction book.
Juraissic was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like him as an actor?
The Polar Express is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He starred in the original X-Men Origins.
Some of the actors include Angelina Jolie Pitt, Chris Pratt, and Jennifer Lawrence
Some other adventure movies are; The Road to El Dorado, and Starship Troopers
Not sure but he starred in Proposal
How about Wizard and Glass? It's one of my favorites, have you heard of it?
Yes, it was. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. Do you like his books as well?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I do. And that was written by Winston Groom
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is always Vince Vaughn
he plays midfielder
They are currently playing the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, I think she is one of the best of her generation. Is she a great singer?
I have seen her in Space Jam, have you seen it?
I don't like Liam Neeson, he is a good actor. I know he was born in Manhattan.
I like his song I Like It. How about you?
Yes he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I am not sure but I can check it out it's new. Did you know she's also been in Rio de Janeiro?
I would! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Have you read them?
Charlotte Bront is an American novelist who wrote Villette and The Professor. It is classified as a historical novel.
Ok, I will add that one to my read list!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo written by Robin Buss
It's a classic written by Robin Buss. He also wrote Therese Raquin.
It was actually written by Robin Buss
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with Wicked.
She has also written The Bone Collector and Last Night at Chateau Marmont.
It is a psychological fiction novel, similar to The Singer's Gun.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was released in the year 2014?
Yes, you will like it. It's written by John Irving too.
Robert Jackson also wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you read it?
Robert Jackson wrote it and it also wrote Time (Horror).
1932 it was released in 1997
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance?
If you like historical movies, I would recommend The Notebook and Annie Hall. Have you seen them?
At the Water's Edge is one of the actors that starred in that movie.
Of course, enjoy and enjoy
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
That is correct. It is Songs of Willow Frost.
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. I haven't read that one. I just need to check it out.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Well, I'm having trouble getting that right now. Have you seen The Civil War or The Giver?
He starred in The Civil War and Levity.
Are you looking for other books written by Josh Grisham?
You might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The City of Ember.
Are you familiar with The Firm or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Yes, he wrote the book D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
He also wrote the book D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented which was released in 1891
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Science Fiction Genres
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The genre is Adventure Fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Simmons wrote it.
There are so many. He wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, he's a great actor. He was in Men in Black 3.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Yes, that is correct. I also think he is a great actor.
Ok, those are all great comedies!
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know he was born in Oakland? He's a Point Guard.
Since all that I like to watch, I think Damian Lillard, is he a point guard for the Miami Heat.
He is a point guard. He is a good player.
Sure, do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't really know any similar books but J.D. Salinger also wrote The House of the Seven Gables which is also a biography.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like her song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Shakira. Do you know she's a pianist?
It is a great book, it is written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2005, and is in the genre of Fantasy/Comedy.
I would also recommend World Without End, it is a very good read.
I recommend World Without End, it's a very good one!
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie starring Noah Segan and was released in 2014.
That is correct. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
That is a great movie! Do you like it because of the genre or the actors in it?
Sure he wrote A Beautiful Mind which is a comedy.
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in The Looking Glass and The Bourne Legacy
It is a comedy.
You're Welcome
It's a great book. It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the author or the genre?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football that he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't follow soccer that much.
It was released in 1960. Do you like that type of book?
It starred Susan Sarandon and Catherine O'Brien.
It's classified as a drama and a comedy. You should check it out.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Are you looking for a specific genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Arsenal is a sports team. It's a pro soccer team.
They play the New England Patriots today.
I'm a fan of the NY Giants. They just won the Super Bowl this year.
Wally Lamb is an American novelist widely known for The Hour I First Believed. Have you read it?
I Know This Much Is True is considered a Fiction novel.
I haven't read that one myself yet but I know it was released in 1996
I hope you enjoy it
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
The Outsiders is a crime fiction movie. Are you looking for movies in the same genre or by the same actor?
The main star in the Jurassic Park III is Jack Nicholson who also starred in True Grit.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is part of the Jurassic Park movies. It was released in 1990 and was directed by David Ayer.
You are welcome!
I do agree! She's very talented. Aside from being athlete, she's also a singer, she's also a model, and a celebrity.
Yes, I like the song Too Good at Goodbyes, which is also a children's television series.
I think Jodie Foster also starred in it. It's very funny.
That's right! I think she has a wonderful voice.
I am not familiar with Downfall. Is it the genre that you like?
It's a war film that also stars Terry Pratchett, Tom Everett and Emily Blunt.
I'll add that as well.
The genre is fiction and children's literature.
Sure, have you read Z for Zachariah or Wyrd Sisters?
If you like Wolf Brother, I think you will enjoy Wuthering Heights.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
It is speculative fiction and science fiction
Yes! Have you seen it?
Yes! That was a great movie. It is also a Thriller and was directed by Peter Hyam.
Correct! Mindy Kaling also starred in the movie Wreck It Ralph
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like them too! Who is your favorite player on the team?
Tony Romo is also a director. Did you know he was born in Houston?
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson actually starred in the film. Its a romantic comedy, do you like comedies?
do you want to know anything else about Owen Wilson?
He is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know a lot about him. But, I know he's also a professional golfer.
I don't know if he's in a relationship with Tiger Woods.
I know she wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It came out in 1927. It's a classic!
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder. I think he is a point guard.
Yes, I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
It is an action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're very welcome!
Sure. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies, which stars Channing Tatum and James Russo.
Yes, he also directed Public Enemies, starring Michael Mann.
It is a Tom Cruise action film starring Tom Cruise.
Would you like to know more about Frances Mayes Mayes. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was made into a movie.
Can I help with anything else?
She's talented I like her better than Miley Cyrus and her son Dear John was good
Do you know if she is friends with Taylor Swift?
Oh, ok. She starred in a lot of movies like Valentine's day too. I also like her in The Lorax (Animation Film)
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Me either. I like Tomlin and Roethlisberger. He's a pretty good athlete.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
She's written the Harry Potter series. Have you read those?
You're welcome, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
Yes he is one of the people that plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like him?
Yes his position is midfielder and forward. Do you know of any football teams?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao, did you know he is from Santa Marta?
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and stars Robin Williams. It is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is another one written by him.
Would you like recommendations for other drama movies released in 1989?
You're welcome.
Yes, John Tiffany is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
Yes, I think so. Did you know she also starred in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?
Yes, she starred in it and it is a movie. I highly recommend it!
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Weaver.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon and Nicky Naude, have you seen that one?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Identity. Did you know it is an adventure movie?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War 2 Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read those?
My apologies, I don't have that information. However, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, which was released in 1999.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was. It was released in 2009 and stars Johnny Cash.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Johnny Cash won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
She has a great romance movie, as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, I recommend that one.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
There is a novel called Tender is the Night by the same author
It's a very good book, I think you will like it!
Sure! Jason Cope starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, and V for Vendetta. Are you a fan of his?
It's a action drama
He does star in the movie Spud and Dredd
Jennifer Lawrence is the main star
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ is about a man Called Horse.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Tom Hanks and Erin Brockovich star in these movies as well as The Other Guys.
The Other Guys was released on January 15, 1994 starring Will Ferrell
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She was in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Are you interested in this movie?
That's right. Ned Bellamy was in The Green Mile which was also a comedy.
Yes, he is. He was also in The Green Mile and the Dark Knight Rises.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. It is considered a political thriller.
I'm not sure about that. Is it the genre you like?
Yeah, he's very good. He was also in The Aviator and The Aviator.
Inception is a great movie! It also stars Tom Cruise and Benedict Cumberbatch.
I agree! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl.
Well, James Franco is the star who is most famous for his role in 50/50
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio also starred in Ghostbusters
Don't mention it
Yes. It is owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are from Chicago too. Are you a fan of theirs?
I haven't. Do you know who produced it?
Yes I do! She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
These Long Winter is a romance novel and was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction you may want to check out Wyrd Sisters, or Xenocide.
I'll have to do that right away.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck
Do you want me to add it to your reading list?
You might enjoy The Dead Zone by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
It is an excellent choice. Other plays in the genres include Tom Hanks, Peter Scolari, and Hannibal Rising.
That is written by Dave Pelzer.
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's Harry Crumb and The Mask. Are you a fan of his?
The Pacifier was released in 2003!
Can I help you with anything else?
It is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Daniel Radcliffe and Anne Hathaway are the cast.
The Night Stalkers is a romance film
This movie directed by Ann Patchett, which also directed by her
It was released in 2011.
Enjoy the movie!
Sure, do you like movies she's starred in? She's also in The Longest Day & The Wildest Dream.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder.
Yes, they are. Jose Mourinho is a great player as well. He plays midfielder.
I think he's only played for the New England Patriots.
John Leguizamo the actor is also from Columbia born in Bogota.
Yes that would be Thomas Lennon and James Cromwell. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. It is a romance/comedy film released in 2014.
This movie was released in 1999 and was also directed by James DeVito
Enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I do know that Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes, I like the steelers. who is your favorite team?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and was born in Mumbai.
That's right! She did! That's a great year for her!
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He's from London. He was actually born in Rochester.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote True Believer and A Bend in the road.
It was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
Nicholas Sparks also starred in the movie The Wedding.
Yes he was and it also starred by Stephen King.
Yes, he is famous for his roles in the movie The Wedding.
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Reservoir Dogs is the sequel. Reservoir Dogs is another good one.
Yes she is. She's also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film that was directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Gentlemen Broncos starred Matthew McConaughey and Liam Neeson.
Mike White and Jamie Lee Curtis starred in it as well.
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it has genre Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
There is a movie starring sun in that as well called The Kite Runner.
Enjoy it!
Christina Lamb is a popular author, she wrote I Am Malala
Yes, he did. Veronika wrote Veronika, which is a romance novel.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I'll check it out!
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
It's a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I believe it's a novel and it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was adapted into a novel.
It was released in 1925.
Sure! Other dramas in that genre include The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know who wrote the book?
Yeah, it's a great movie. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. You should check it out!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction and Social Criticism. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, It comes under Young-adult fiction, Children's literature genre. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
It is considered children's literature, and young-adult fiction.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Steve Kloves, J.K. Rowling, and James Franco. It is also considered a fantasy film.
Happy to help!
I think he is a musician who also played cricket
That's interesting. I believe he is from Guadalajara.
No I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know that they play it for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It starred Tobey McGuire and Meryl Streep
great enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yes I do! It's a great comedy!! Your family would love it. It's so funny!
Some other good ones are How to Train Your Dragon 2 and Finding Neverland.
The Princess and the Frog is a great family movie and it is also a Disney movie.
That is a great movie, isn't it with Charlize Theron?
John Green is the author of The Call of the Wild. Do you like Historical Fiction books?
White Night and Welcome to the Monkey house are also great fiction books.
It was released in 1903 and is the same year as The Call of the Wild.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Have you read it?
Are you a fan of his?
Beautiful Oblivion is a very good one. It's also a young adult fiction that you might enjoy.
No problem, enjoy.
Enjoy!
She starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, He starred in Silver Linings Playbook in the Hindi language
I'm not sure, but it is a comedy.
Your welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
The Bears are owned by Bill Bidwell. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I think their head coach Jason Garrett is doing a good job with the Cowboys.
Beloved is written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also historical fiction.
That one stars Jenna Boyd and Liam Neeson.
Ariana Grande is a very talented singer. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good friend. It is so funny. I used to pretend I saw it in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Do you like that movie too? Nicolas Sparks is such a great writer and producer.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you want to read a similar romance novel?
Yes, they both are written by Nicholas Sparks. He also wrote True Believer and The Gift.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romance, so I think you might like it.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Wildest Dream, and The Wizard of Waverly Place.
All of the movies for the movie are Action and Adventure.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
It stars Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Okay, I'll have to check it out.
Let's see she's been in so many films.
Sure, will do.
Fast and the Furious starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I recommend Fast and Furious 2 and Fast and Furious 2.
The Fast and Furious starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, and many more
You are welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Roland Emmerich. He also directed Inglorious Basterds.
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks. He also directed Inglorious Bastards.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine, but I haven't seen it yet.
Did you know he was also in the movie The Art of Racing in The Rain?
What is your favorite he starred in?
Cassandra Clare wrote Cat's Cradle. Would you like to know more about the author?
Yes, she also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
Yes. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
Yes, he's a great player. Did you know he played for the Brooklyn Nets?
I see. I don't know much about basketball either.
Yes, I do he is a great songwriter. Do you like him?
I do not have that information right now. But he was a very good songwriters. Did you know he is also a director?
Yes that is correct. I do know that he is also a screenwriter.
I'm not a huge basketball fan. They're owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of The Madison Square Garden?
That is true. I hope the Eagles win the Superbowl, which is your favorite team?
Yes, he wrote the romantic comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also starred Chris Weitz. He also starred in The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zie?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I haven't seen that movie. I've heard of it.
I don't know who he is. But, I know he's a good actor.
I'm not sure, but if you like Iron Man, that's a sci-fi film you should watch it.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's pretty cool. I've heard they're a very good team.
I can't remember when the Men in Black II II, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
Oh, I didn't know that! What a combo! It's one of my favorite basketball movies.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, it was released in 1856 which is the same year that Jane Austen released her book the Northanger Abbey.
Well, if you're interested in Literary realism, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
I'm always glad to help.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It was written by Alan Ball and stars Scott Bakula.
Some of his most famous ones are Toy Story and The Whole Ten Yards.
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like her?
I think she's also a very good athlete
Good Deeds is considered a romantic comedy.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Okay, he wrote Life, Love and Other Impossible Pursuit of Happyness
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1995 starring Charlize Theron and Ridley Scott
He also played in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Your welcome enjoy
I am not sure if Shakira has a new release, but I know she is friends with Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez.
Robert Duvall and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Choreography.
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller fantasy film. Do you like these genres?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you should check out Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
The Sandman: Season Of Mists and The Sandman: Fables and Reflections. Do those sound interesting?
Sure! Wicked City is an anthology edited by Paul Kalanithi. It is an adventure film released in 2012.
Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He have not, but I know he is a Musician
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two, and True Believer. Would you like to know more?
Nicolas Sparks also wrote A Walk to Remember and The Wedding. Have you read them?
I'm glad to help!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right. It was also released the same year as The Body Snatchers. Have you read it?
You are very welcome!
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature. It is also considered children's literature.
Yes, he did! It was released in 1954. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Sure! He wrote Survive, Survive, and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you heard of those?
Surviving Picasso is a drama/fantasy
Some of the actors include Angelina Jolie Pitt, Michael Byrne, Catherine Zeta-Jones
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. They are very good books.
Yes it is. He also wrote The Godfather Part II.
Sure. added to your list
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine.
I don't think so but he did write and directed a Trance movie with James Franco. I think you have seen it.
From the looks of it, it's a Drama/Fantasy. It's also a biography.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you see it?
There is no information about that
Tracey Walter fall in that same genre
Rosario Dawson was also in that movie
Sorry i can help you more
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in the movie Someone Like You which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Yes, I like soccer a lot. She plays midfielder position. Do you like to watch soccer?
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller, is that what you are looking for?
Similar to Philip Pullman as he wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome.
Sure. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung
It is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I haven't seen that movie. Is it true?
Yes, Linus Roache is an actor in that movie. She also starred in Zero Dark Thirty and Taking Chance.
Yeah, he was in that as well.
Glad I could be of help
Yes it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming.
Simón Andreu is the star.
I am not sure of the release date. Do you like movies directed by Robert Wade?
Yes, it was.
You are welcome!
Cloud Atlas, starring Tom Hanks, is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you enjoy these genres?
The most popular Sci-Fi films are X-Men: the Last Stand, The Avengers and World War Z.
Charlize Theron has been in White House Down and Watchmen. Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome
The Burning Plain is a series of movies also starring Jason Bateman and Larry Crowne
Taxi Driver is a psychological thriller. Are you interested in that type of movie?
The Last Stand is another good one. It's a psychological thriller you might like.
The Last Stand is another one you may like. It's a very good one.
Okay, great enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's written by Stephen King. Did you know that he's also a director?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a biography. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a biography.
It's a war film that was also made into a film adaptation of the Harry Potter series.
Yes, she's an author who wrote The Diary of Anne Frank. Are you a fan of her books?
Some other great autobiographies are The Diary of Anne Frank, Anne Frank, and Anne Frank.
The Diary of Theodore Roosevelt was released in 1963. Also the Bell Jar was released in 1953.
Ok, I'll send it to you now.
Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Natalie Portman and Chris Columbus. Do you like thrillers?
He is very popular. He was in Hook Ya Crook and Ghostbusters II. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Ok, you might also enjoy the film X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Both were best-sellers.
Yes, he is the director of many movies directed by him. He directed many movies such as The Ender War and This Means War.
Yes, it is a comedy film about football.
I don't have that information, but I know it was starring Angelo Pizzo.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
That's right! He also used to play for the New Orleans Saints. Did you know the team is owned by Lovie Smith?
Extremely! Have a great day!
I do not follow much football so I do not know what. I do know that she is actually an athlete that plays for the Germany National Football team.
I'm a big American Football fan. What about you?
The New England Patriots. What team do you like?
Sure! Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes that's right. Would you like to watch it?
I don't have any additional information on that movie right now. But, Shall I add it to your watch list?
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Tintenblut and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
It's a drama/sci-fi movie that was released in 2005.
She has starred in The Retreat and The Lord of the Rings.
It was released in 2001 and also stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama and genre.
You are welcome!
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
That is a singer/songwriter. Do you like that type of music?
I don't know a lot about him but, I know he is a songwriter, musician, and television producer.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on him, but he is a singer/songwriter.
Capra wrote, directed, and produced It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read this one?
Sure, he is also in It's a Wonderful Life
What other books do you like?
It is, did you know Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a screenwriter for Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
Great question, I do not have that information
no I do not have that information
i dont have that information
Surely. American Hustle is a great drama. Is that the genre you like?
It's a crime movie. If you like those types of movies you should check out X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men 2 and Star Trek.
Kyla Pratt is the author of that movie. Do you like any other authors?
He also wrote Angels & Demons and X-Men.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of the Redskins but I do know they are owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder.
Do you like the Raiders? I think Johnny Depp plays for them.
Yes, it is very interesting to know that it is made into a movie starring Jon Gruden, and Kevin Federline.
Sure! Do you like movies directed by Chris Moore?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
This book is a romance novel that was released in 2012 and was written by Tammara Webber. Do you like romance novels?
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like to know more of her books?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. It's a very good read.
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Rob Zombie and Steven Soderbergh star in The Good German.
He has also starred in The Good German and The Wedding Date. Have you seen those?
No problem! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in The Walking Dead, Vol. 1: Days Gone Bye
Watchmen was released on November 26, 2010. You might want to check it out.
You're welcome!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Well, if you like Gothic fiction you may want to check out The Ring of Fire. It's one of my favorites.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Yes Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I can! Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Rules of Attraction. Have you read any of those?
It's a historical fiction and was released in 2001
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing and When the Wind Blows. They are both awesome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy has a genre of Fantasy and Adventure
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
That is correct. Leo wrote it as well. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is. It's a historical fiction like The Posthumous Papers of Great Britain.
Yes, that is correct. It's a Biography and speculative fiction and was released in 2000.
Great, have a great day
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's right, he produced the Longest Yard too.
Adam Sandler also starred in Grown Ups with Adam Sandler. Have you seen it?
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you heard of it?
It is considered children's literature, and it was a comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was released in 2001. It's a Children's Literature and it's a biography.
Yes. Would you like me to find it for you?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama and Seabiscuit is an action film released in 2011.
OK. Do you like crime dramas?
You're welcome!
I'm not familiar with him. I think he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the sport that much. What is your favorite team?
Did you know he was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Focker and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2003, and Todd Phillips also wrote Old School.
You are welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his work?
It is a romance/ comedy. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery, too. What genres do you like?
That is a great murder mystery film.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you enjoy his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is written by Tony Tanner.
Persuasion was originally published in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Yes she did, she's a great actress.
Me too! Kevin Spacey wrote and starred in that movie. It's a comedy.
He plays tennis. Did you know he was born in Switzerland?
I watch a lot of tennis, but I don't watch much tennis, too. Who is your favorite player?
Actually, I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching the Williams Sisters play the tennis match, how about you?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sing Your Heart is another good family novel by Cornelia Funke, have you read it?
I haven't read that one, but I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland. Have you seen that?
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
World Without End is a thriller, so is Die hard with a Vengeance. both are great thrillers.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Do you like History movies?
It starred David Schwimmer and Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
Matt Damon produced that one. It was released in 1999.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Historical period drama?
You may want to check out The Search, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you like.
No problem, enjoy
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Usual Suspects are some good ones
I don't know much. He's a soccer midfielder?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker was an American writer best known for his books The Temple of My Familiar, which are both similar to Alice Walker.
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can I help you with anything else?
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
No, I did not know that. What's the Argentine national football team?
I think Jose Mourinho is a great player there. Are you a fan of him?
Yes that's right and he was also a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It is written by Patrick Rothfuss and has a genre of Young-adult fiction.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Its a fantasy novel
Your welcome
I think it was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote the book The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Selection and The Siren.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Place Beyond The Pines which is a film.
Kiera Cass also produced The Guard.
His genre is Country. Do you like Country music?
That was a good movie. Do you like Biographical films, like The Social Network?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The National Treasure and The Other Boleyn Girl.
It actually came out in 2012. Should I add it to your watch list?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You know him?
The genre is Treasure Island and Crime Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Great. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, you can try The Road to El Dorado, it is also a great book.
I haven't seen it I've heard it's quite good. Is that the movie written by Nicholas Sparks?
He is also in The Godfather, have you seen that?
Yes he is the director and he directed The Godfather Part II.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken A world War II Story.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this author?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie starring Aladdin because it's a family movie?
Aladdin was released in 2010 and stars Drew Barrymore, Ron Clements, and John Musker.
It came out in 2011. It's also considered a Fantasy/Comedy.
You're welcome!
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises.
You could try To Have and Have Not, also written by Ernest Hemingway.
It was released in 1950.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I mean that he's a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yeah, I like him too. I liked him in the movie Kiss of the Dragon which was a comedy.
Isn't that an action movie?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any additional information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Sommers acted in it. Have you seen it?
It is a Mystery, Fantasy and Adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that it was adapted into a film.
That is a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Silver Chair.
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh no, I haven't. Did you know that Ben Stiller owns the Madison Square Garden?
That would be fun to watch, I think you like Taylor Swift, as well as Seth Meyers, which is your favorite team?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
The first book was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Are you referring to John Lennon who directed it?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome!
I think he's a pretty good athlete. Did you know he's from Dubai?
I didn't know that. I know he is from Germany.
I don't know much about it. Do you follow soccer?
I would have to think he has done a good job on the team. He is a very good player.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western movie starring Johnny Depp.
Well, then you might enjoy The Mexican by him then.
You are welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film. Are you interested in horror films?
The Prestige is starring Hugh Jackman
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Kite Runner, The Skin I Live in
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It is listed as speculative fiction as well as speculative fiction.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and the Harry Potter series.
Yes, she is the author of Diana Gabaldon. Would you like to know more about her?
The Secret Garden is another great one. It is also speculative fiction and it's written by Diana Gabaldon
Enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the author of the movie.
I think The Holiday was released in 1896.
It is a Romance/Comedy.
X-Men 2 is a great thriller movie.
yes she starred in this movie as well
Do you like the movie WALLE because it's an adventure or science fiction?
He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like those?
The last stand is X-Men: Days of Future Past. It stars Hugh Jackman as Wolverine.
Yes! State of the Union is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Jason Bateman stars in Wolverine, though. It's an action movie you should watch.
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books that she wrote include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. Have you read those?
Yes, it's also considered children's literature and it was actually made into a movie.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but could also be considered children's literature.
It is written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not, but I know that it's a great movie with George Clooney.
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I don't watch much football. I prefer American football.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is married to Angelina Jolie too.
Paul Sorvino has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read it?
It is considered a memoir and an autobiography.
Yes, he's one of the actors. He was also in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls is a fiction book and released in 2005.
I'm not very familiar with China Dolls, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005 and is a romance novel.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's written by Roger Avary?
You might also enjoy Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It stars Rob Zombie and it is based on a classic.
Yes, it is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
I can't find any other books by Syeig Larsson, but he wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery novel released in 2005.
Your welcome.
You are welcome!
I sure do! He's a singer, songwriter, and film producer. Some of his songs include Thriller and Drama, Thriller and Slasher. Have you heard of those?
Wicked is a Thriller/Drama film that was released in 1995.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a drama. Do you enjoy those?
It's a classic! It's considered children's literature, so I think you might enjoy it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player.
I don't know him, but Michael Jordan was in Space Jam. Do you like him?
Me too! I loved Ghostbusters as well. Do you know a lot of people like him?
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of the movie Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is starring in The Fast and the Furious and he's also in XXX.
That's a great movie. He was also in Thick as Thieves.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Winter of our Discontent.
Yes, he wrote What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Kernochan and Clark Gregg. It's a political thriller.
Yes he did and he also wrote Stones into Schools
That is a very good one
Me too, they're pretty good. Are you a fan of the New York Giants?
I'm a NY Giants fan so I'm not sure who is your quarter back but I do know that they're coached by Eli Manning
I agree. I like action movies like Cloverfield starring Eli Manning.
Yes! The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's in the English language.
Great! You should also check out Wicked Lovely, it's one of my favorite genres.
You're welcome!
That is a Psycho-Thriller/Horror movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Eraserhead starred Tom Waits and Bill Pullman. what else can i answer for you?
its a Action/Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There is! It is starring Shailene Woodley.
It is a young-adult fiction and science fiction movie.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is an excellent movie starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
It was written by Robert Zemeckis.
Yes it is. We We Were Soldiers also stars Thomas Lennon and Liam Neeson.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011.
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, The Vampire Lovers
OK. He also starred in The Twins of Evil and Torture Garden.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1980.
Sure, I'll add that to your list.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine, The Selfish Gene and many more. Have you seen any of those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman, both great actors and actress!
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dunn. He was also a producer for the film The O.C. series.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I sure do. He starred in Witless Protection and Two if by Sea.
I believe it is, you would like to watch The Running Man or The Thomas Crown Affair is an action film.
Some other action movies are The Running Man and The Matrix Revolutions
You are welcome
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can tell you that he's an athlete that plays cricket.
She has also written Silence, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read those?
Crescendo is also a film released in 2015 starring Ben Stiller and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Great! Hope you enjoy the book!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel and The Silver Chair.
It is a memoir released in 2005
Enjoy reading!
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of those sound good?
You are correct. The movie stars Tommy Lee Jones. It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes you are correct. He has starred in it as well. I think you'd enjoy it. It's a drama.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, the Power, the magic
I do not have any similar authors but I do know that Sean Byrne was also a writer and film producer.
He wrote mostly fiction books such as The Magician's Land and The Magician's Land.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2011. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
Your Friend the Rat is a animated short film and it was released in 2007.
You're welcome
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
The BFG is a family friendly film, and The Golden Compass is very funny.
Enjoy!
Still Alice is an animated movie. It starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about him?
I haven't seen that one. I've heard it's good!
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It has a genre of Neuroscience in it.
Sure. He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and the other Hobbit films.
Yes, they were. The Red House is adapted into a film which was released in 2003.
Yes he did and it was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome!
Frank Coraci starred in Zookeeper and Here Comes the Boom. Is there a specific genre you like?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that movie, but Kevin James also starred in Here Comes the Boom.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
You might like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. or The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I do know that it is a comedy film directed by Danny DeVito.
I'm glad to help!
I know a little about him. He is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
The Order was released on November 26, 2010. It is an action genre
Olivier Rabourdin, Liam Neeson and Charlize Theron
No problem, hope you enjoy!
The Blind Side is an action/adventure movie released in 1995. It stars Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I don't have any other drama movies. However, The Blind Side is based on a book by Michael Lewis. I think you might like it.
Yes! Money Ball is a comedy/drama movie directed by Roland Emmerich. It also stars Johnny Depp and Jack Nicholson.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, City of Bones, and City of Ashes.
The book Clockwork Angel was released in 2013 and the sequel to The Shadowhunter's Codex.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which is a drama. Do you like watching these types of films?
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
Yes, they both have genre Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Mere Christianity is a Christian literature written by C. S.Lewis. Do you like this author?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome!
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon. I am a Beatles fan. What do you think?
No, I haven't heard of them. I just heard about them when he was with the Beatles.
Yes, he is very talented. I haven't heard much about him lately though.
I do not know if he has a song in the music. But I heard he is very talented
Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 2011.
Sure, downloading it now.
Yes, Rihanna wrote You Da One and Watch N' Learn.
That's a great song. Did you know she has a sibling who is also a singer?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those movies?
I can't think of any other movies he's starred in. You should watch "The Gathering Storm" then.
It's a romantic comedy. It's similar to Finding Neverland.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and stars Thomas Lennon
Don't mention it. Another book in the genre of War is Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
That is correct. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an actor who starred in such films as Little Miss Sunshine. He is a man of many talents!
Yes, she did. He also directed several other great films such as Little Miss Sunshine.
She also starred in the film Pauly Shore is Dead. It is an animated film.
I haven't seen it yet. It's okay.
You're welcome!
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks and released in 1996. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it was also made into a movie. It's a teen drama.
I recommend The Long Goodbye and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde are good examples.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but Lana Wachowski directed and produced it, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Reloaded.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River".
He has starred in "Mystic River" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
It is the director of Mystic River. Mystic River is a thriller movie.
Enjoy your movies!
Sure, he directed The Mechanic and Confederacy of Dunces.
Yes, he is one of the good directors. Did you know he is also an actor?
He hasn't seen that one but will add to his watch list
You are welcome
I think you'll enjoy it
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't but I heard it was adapted into a movie. Did you see it?
Sure. He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
OK, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 1938.
No problem, happy to help.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
That is good. The New England Patriots place is the Lambeau Field.
yea hes good. do you like any other players?
I don't really know him, but he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
That is correct he is one of the best and belonged to the New England Patriots.
I definitely am! Did you see him in Friends with Benefits or The Social Network?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
If you like romance films, you should check out Batman Begins and Batman Begins.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and was produced by Steven Spielberg. You like his music?
No, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend Americas Got Talent starring Tom Hanks.
Yeah she is a person and a musician too. I think the movie was produced by the name of that movie.
I can recommend Liam Neeson in that film. Do you like his work?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Shane Salerno who also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
You're right, he did star in it! He's also in The Dark Knight.
You're welcome!
Me too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Some of the famous poets include Rupert Everett and Taming of the Shrew.
Can I help with anything else?
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Romance Novels. Do you like Romance Novels?
You might like The Fiery Cross or The Red Pony
Enter's Game was written by Tess Gerritson
Absolutely, enjoy
Downfall is a war movie. Similar movies in the genre of War are Battleship and Monsters Inc. Have you seen those?
Geraldine Chaplin, David Nicholson and Benedict Cumberbatch all starred in this movie.
You're Welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo which is a Thriller.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton and was also in Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you may also like 2012 written by Daniel Handler. Have you read it?
The Cursed Child is also written by Harald Kloser, and it is based on a novel. Have you read it?
You are very welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in a Romantic Comedy called Playing For Keeps.
It's a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
It was released in 2010.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I have not watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh
It also starred Kenneth MacDonagh and James Franco. Do you like their movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also wrote the comedy American Pie, which was released in 1999.
Yes, she's made some good movies. Are you a fan of hers?
He directed both The Godfather and The Public Enemies
The Nightingale is the genre of a . Fairy tale,and Mythology. Is that the genre you prefer?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale and Other Secrets. Have you read them?
The True Colors is a Fiction book that was released in 2005 and is also a film.
I don't know much about him. Did he star in The Expendables 2?
It's a very good movie. Do you like him as an actor? He stars in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and it is in that genre too. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is a Family genre, and it is fantasy. Do you like the genre of this book?
Yes he did along with Theodore Lesieg and Dr. Dreuss.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also written by Margaret Atwood and released in 1957.
You're welcome!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She also starred in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
OK. It is an adult film and she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy with some romance thrown in.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor also stars Tony Goldwyn and Melissa Benoist
You are welcome
I do like the San Diego Lakers. They are coached by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
I haven't acted in any movies. Have you seen any of them?
That is true. They have a new game coming out, thank you!
Larissa wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Yes, I hope you like it!
Sure! Did you enjoy The Notebook because it was a Romance novel?
Okay, have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
It is! Tuck Everlasting is by Sarah Silverman. Do you like her work?
I'm sure you'll like it!
I am not a huge fan of the Washington Redskins. They are owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder.
I don't know much about Pete Rozold but I do know that he was pretty good. Are you a fan of the New England Patriots?
Oh wow ! I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar. Do you like self help books?
Your welcome
Yes, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Tales of Beedle the Bard if you are a fan of her.
It is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Pacifier with Johnny Depp. Do you like him?
Yes it is. You are right. It is a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like it because it's a romance or because it is a drama?
That was written by John Green who also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, would you like to know other books in the series or books in the genre?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the series or other books in the genre?
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. I know she also starred in Hair Show with her sister Serena.
That's not very interesting to know that. I just know that she lost to Maria Sharapova and both Venus and her sister Venus.
I don't know if the Lost Symbol made the best seller list but I do know it was written by Dan Brown.
That is a good one too. Tom Hanks wrote and directed the movie Larry Crowne. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno, it is a thriller.
He produced The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
Some other dramas you may enjoy include The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes, I do! X-Men is one of my favorite X-Men.
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men?
You might like The Wolverine, it is also written by Hugh Jackman.
Yes, I do! I like Robert Downey Jr. too. I think he's a great actor.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Children's Literature. Do you like those types of books?
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Infinite Sea.Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
One of Gareth Stedman Jones was actually an author on this book. It was released in 1969.
Great! It's a great book. Enjoy the book!
Starring Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
I know that Thomas Lennon also starred in Zoolander. That one is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it!
That was a great movie. It's a mystery and a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Ok, World Without End is a Romance movie similar to Gone with the Wind.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and Lady Gaga and The New World is starring Bruce Willis.
No problem, I am happy to help!
Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Sure, he wrote The Wedding, and The Best of Me.
It's a good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is written by Cornelia Funke. She also wrote Inkheart as well.
You are welcome!
Did you enjoy the movie because it was a comedy?
Its a science fiction/fantasy film that was written by Stephen King and Paul Bennet.
No problem!
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a Fiction and Speculative Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
I'm glad to help!
He's on the India national cricket team right?
That is true, do you like sports?
Not that I know of, but he was in Hook Ya Crook and Playing for Keeps.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
The Last Runaway was released in 1996.
You are welcome.
BFG is written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote Roald Dahl.
There are so many children's literature that you might enjoy.
Yes, he actually wrote an autobiography called The Twits of Mars.
You're very welcome!
Yes it is. They are owned by David Platt. Do you like football?
I love his writings. He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes and The Complete Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type books?
Well, it was directed by Matt Reeves. Do you like these type of movies?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote and starred in Unbreakable.
Some of the actors include Stan Lee, Robert Downey Jr, and Tim Roth
Absolutely, enjoy the movies!
Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
The first one you might like is Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
It was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery/fiction genres. Do you like these genres?
She wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it's a movie with Sharp Objects and Sharp Objects. I recommend it.
It was released in 2010. You might want to watch it now.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama or Crime Fiction.
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers. Did you like the movie because it was a comedy?
It stars Steven Spielberg and Kevin Zegers.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He is also the director of The Lord of the Rings.
You're welcome!
I can't, but I know that Mark Cotta Vaz wrote Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
Yes, it's a vampire series. Do you like vampire stories?
You are correct. It's a Romantic Comedy, have you read that one?
You are very welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is an indie film released in 2014
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts. Do you like the author or genre?
It's a drama also written by Robert C. O'Brien.
You're Welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
He's a golfer. Do you like gold?
I haven't seen it myself as well. Did you know Adam Sandler was in it?
I'm not sure but I do know she starred in a film called Bowen, which is a comedy.
Sure, Connie Nielsen directed The Situation, The Ice Harvest and also The Hunted, among others.
Ginnifer Lewis and Connie Nelson also starred in it.
It is a fantasy, do you like fantasy movies?
That one is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like these genres?
That's the one released in 2016 as well as Zombieland. Do those sound interesting to you?
Other science fiction books include The Inferno, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Last Star.
Sure! You might also like the movie Serenity which was also written by Ricky Yancey.
You're welcome!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She did have a lot of similar artists like her in the movie, Valentine's Day, and Taylor Lautner from The Giver.
I didn't know she was in that movie as well, did you know she was also in Valentine's Day?
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it. Can you tell me who stars in it?
Ted was a great actor. If you like Ted, he also starred in Star Wars!
I'm glad to help. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Me too! He's one of my favorites. I love his music. My favorite his work is Never Let You Go.
I like the song Love Yourself
Yes, he is very talented and an all around performer. Selena is one of my favorites too
Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen?
Yes he was, he was also in X-Men
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown Up and the movie was directed by Terry Pratchett
Yes he did, would you like to know more about the movie?
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a soccer player with a relationship with Irina Shayk. Are you a fan of soccer?
It was released in 1599 and was made into a movie starring Victor Hugo.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Awesome! Another good one for you is Notre Dame. Enjoy
You are very welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I am not a big fan of her, but I know she is from Adelaide. Do you like her music?
Yeah there are so many! I like his song You Love Me. Do you have a favorite song of him?
No, if you like Coldplay a lot, he is pretty similar, but he was originally a model and a producer lyricist at the moment.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has a genre of Tragicomedy.
Sure, some other actors in Peter and Paul include Gary Oldman, Lorraine Toussaint and Peter and Paul.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They have a good season. I actually don't follow them that much. Who is their coach now?
I think they will shot a XXXV Superbowl.
I think he is a very good basketball player. How about you?
I haven't heard of them. Who is their coach?
I haven't seen it and it was produced by Thomas Lennon
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
ok enjoy your reading!
She is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I can see that Venus has a record 23 grand slam singles titles and they have a pretty good record.
I see. I don't watch tennis matches. Did Maria Sharapova also lose to Serena?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
No, he did not. I think he used to coached any other teams as well, actually.
It was released in 2000.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a screenwriter and Author and he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was released in 1886.
That's a fiction. It was also released in 1886.
That's the only one that I know of from her is The Return of the King.
Stephenie Meyer and Robert Pattinson starred in Twilight Eyes.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that its still available online
Yes there was a movie directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You may also want to check out The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
It's a non-fiction book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well I do not have that information but I can tell you that The Fountainhead is a thriller.
Yes, she did write We the Living as well as The Fountainhead. Have you heard of either of those?
Your welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Road to Dracula (1999) is a great horror book written by Bram Stoker in that time period. Also, The House of Dracula (1999) and Underworld: Evolution are both great!
It was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about Stephen King?
He has also written Door Into The Land of the Unicorns and Into the Wild.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romantic novel and it's listed as a Historical Novel and in the Romance genre.
You're very welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is written by Harper Lee?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
oh you are welcome
The Go Set A Watchman is a popular one by Harper Lee
Yes it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you like crime movies?
I have not, but I know it is written by Al Pacino and stars Marlon Brando
Great! I think it also stars Steve Buscemi and Anne Hathaway.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at hand. However, if you like Al Pacino, you might like The Godfather Part II.
I see, it is also starring Ty Burrell and Tom Byrne.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Romeo and Juliet?
It is written in English. Seamus Heaney and Tomb Raider are you familiar with them?
Yes. He is starring in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, Lionheart is an action movie and also starred by James Patterson. It was released in 1999 and is an action movie.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in the movie.
Oliver Platt, James Cromwell, Ray Winstone and Brian Thompson also starred in the film.
you are welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film.
Yes, he is. He played for the New Orleans Pelicans as well as James Harden.
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. I am not a huge basketball fan. Do you know who is your favorite player?
I forgot about that! I haven't seen it so I've heard it's really good.
The Name of the Wind is a similar book written by Patrick Rothfuss.
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he is the program creator for that movie. If you like Walter Hill produced the movie Alien 3 which is a series.
Not exactly, he actually does, but he is most famous for writing Dead Man and Dead Man 2.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, she wrote Effect. Are you a fan of The Rosie Project?
No, same year The Rosie Project was released.
He wrote the Movie Olympus
Robert De Niro also starred in Olympus. He is a great actor.
He also produced The Third Policeman which is a comedy film.
Edward Norton starred in Olympus. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That's good to know. He was in Vanilla Sky. She also starred in another movie.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he has a humble personality.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Franny and Zooey and The Prisoner of Zenda.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
Yes, they both wrote the Shadowhunter's Codex. Are you interested in fantasy books?
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I think they are the most coached by George Steinbrenner.
That's right, he did own the team that year. Are the Yankees your favorite team?
It seems that they have a relationship with the celebrity, George Steinbrenner had a sudden death.
Oops! It was a brain attack too.
Yes, he is very popular and has been around a lot of people like him.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't watch badminton but I've seen a few games like the 2012 summer olympics. Have you seen it?
Oh yes it was. Western Europe is great. Have you a great day.
I haven't seen it. It's a paranormal romance as well as an urban fantasy. I haven't seen it. Do you like those genres?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by him
Yes, that is correct and he also wrote Spider-Man 2.
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction
Were you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
You're Welcome
He wrote the Great Dune Trilogy
Okay, have you heard about Lost Highway or What My Mother Doesn't Know?
Heretics of Dune is written in 1988.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was an adventure or because of the actors?
That is a great children's movie. You might also like Water for Elephants.
Great, enjoy!
Yes I do! It's a great book by Robert Jordan and it is adapted into a movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you read it?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz, have you seen it?
Did you know it also stars Julianne Moore?
You're very welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a drama/mystery movie. Is that what you are looking for?
It is a historical period drama produced by Paul Giamatti and was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
I haven't read it but I hear its wonderful. The genre is Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
No, but I've heard of At the Water's Edge.
Yes, it is also written by Sara Guen.
Yes, I will add it to your list.
Have a good day
You're welcome!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I can't think of any others, but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion and Walking Disaster. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is starring Sam Trammell and Reg E. Cathey.
John Travolta also starred in The Power of Habit.
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie
She also starred in the movie Walk the Line along with Nicole Kidman
Yes he is. He wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Shining.
I don't know much about them. What can you tell me about them?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I like the Los Angeles Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers?
Sure. He is most famous for writing Ender's Game. He also wrote A Fistful of Dollars. Have you heard of it?
Zodiac was released in 2002.
It has a great cast including David Ayer, Jordin Sparks and Michael Pena.
You're welcome!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is one of his classics.
You may like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is part of the series. The book was released in 2004.
It was released in 2004.
I do! Marion Zimmer Bradley has written such popular books as The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
It is listed under the genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature and Children's Literature.
The author is Richard Margulies. He is a great writer and it is listed in the genre of fantasy books as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy the book!
The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are his notable works.
That's a great movie. It is also starring Charlize Theron and Jason Bateman.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but I know that it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski.
Yes, it was released in 1985.
You are welcome!
Anthony Daniels is known for Star Wars. He also starred in Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2007.
Yes, that is correct. Do you like her work?
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Manchurian Candidate. Do you like Drama books?
Denis Leary is the actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Let's see he acted in the movie The Lost Symbol and The Invisible Man.
That's a good one. Some of the other ones that she starred in are The Next Best Thing and The Butterfly Effect.
I can't find what movies they are in that, but you might like The Happening if you're interested in seeing it.
I am not sure but they were both in the sci-fi genre.
You're welcome
C.S. Lewis, it is in the Speculative fiction genre.
The Silver Chair and The Magician's Land are also written by C.S. Lewis.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is Children's Literature.
Sure! He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies! District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you enjoy watching thrillers?
Yes, she did. She was also in House Bunny.
You're very welcome!
I know she starred in Call Me Maybe, which was a really good movie.
I have a few songs. She is a very talented singer, actress, and actress.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernándezez is actually also a football player.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Stieg Larsson.
If you like comedies, you should watch Zoolander 2 starting Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor
Jim Carrey also starred in Tootsie as well. It is a really good movie.
Glad to help!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if he is playing again, but he has had a record label 60 Seconds with Tim Blake Nelson.
I do, actually! I don't like basketball either. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The End of the Affair. They are both Historical Fiction genres.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, which is also by the same author.
Let me know if you need anything else.
The book was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome.
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction.
Absolutely, have a great day.
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like that genre, it's a very good read!
I think you'll really enjoy it.
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, it was. 1956 was the year that released The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Cao Chi is a ballet dancer. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
You're welcome!
OK, I hope you like it!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McDonnell.
Yes, she was in that. That's a great movie. It's a war film.
They are crime and adventure movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read those?
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008, and it was written by Peter Hyams
You're welcome
Yes she's a very talented singer. I love her music as well when she had the annoying voice. Do you remember any of her songs?
I'm not sure about that, but I know she won her a Grammy Award for Best Original Song.
Yes, she is a Woman is a Woman. She has also starred in a movie called Dreamgirls.
Robin starred in the movie The Matrix Revolutions and also in the movie Awakening.
I am not sure but I know it is also a comedy. Do you enjoy comedies?
Yes she did, along with Anne Hathaway. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Matt Damon starred in the Bourne Identity. He also directed The Scarlatti Inheritance.
Yes he did. It's a thriller. Do you like that type of movie?
Try Shark Night. It is also a psychological thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
You're very welcome!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, The Crucible was released in 1953 and is based on a novel by Christopher Bigsby. The movie stars Tracie Thoms and Christopher Bigsby
Yes, do you like Drama movies? The Invisible Man and The Time Machine are also very good
Yes, it is written by J.R.R Tolkien
You are most welcome.
I see him listed as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I do not like him that much, but I know he is from Oklahoma City
I know that Russell Crowe is a point guard for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He is a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a psychological thriller genre
your welcome
It was released in 1994
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
He directed the movie V for Vendetta and Speed Racer.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife and Insurgent. Have you seen either of those?
Scott Glenn is one of the actress that starred in Allegiant.
It's considered a action and a thriller. It's similar to Zero Dark Thirty.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1960.
The Light Between Oceans is a romantic drama. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, he did. He directed that movie. He also directed The Day After Tomorrow.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's also an actor who starred in the movie The Bounty Hunter.
Ok, he starred in The Bounty Hunter and The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen them?
Fool's Gold is known for starring David Scalzi. It is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, he did. He was also in Fool's Gold, which is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I dont have that information but i can tell you Stephen Dubner wrote Throne of Glass
you are welcome
Taxi Driver is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more movies that he starred in?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine, have you seen it?
Enjoy.
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team.
Yes he did and he is also on Liverpool, right?
Yes he is very good, do you know who he is?
The Patriots play in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Half-Blood Prince is the sixth book in J.K. Rowling's series. Have you read it?
That's right. Would you like to know more about the series?
Fantastic! It was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1985. Do you like his work?
O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Bridget Moynahan and Rosario Dawson.
No problem. There is also a film adaptation of O Brother, Where Art Thou that was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the Southern Gothic genre. Would you like to know more books by this author?
That is a great story and it is a very beautiful book.
It is a drama that was released in 1945. It's also a play by Kylie Scott.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and The Titanic.
It stars Xander Berkeley and William Hurt.
Yes, Yuria Nara. She also starred in The Taming of the Shrew and The Client.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about him but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure about that but I know he is from China.
No I do not.
It's better than my opinion. Would you like to know who they play this year?
Yes, I do like them. What is your favorite team?
I think the Rangers are a very good team, I do not know if they are a good team, but I do know they are owned by The San Francisco Giants
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Horse and His Boy isn't a drama, but it was written by David Sedaris. It's a good book.
Do you like Horse and His Boy because it is in the drama genre?
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of her work but in her movies The Prestige and In Her Shoes. Are you familiar with those?
That is a great movie, she also starred in The Story of Success. Are you a fan of her work?
Okay, I think you might enjoy Girls in Bed. She also wrote Faithful Place and Broken Harbor.
Thank you!
Great, and she has quite a few titles.
Thank you
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
Well, it's actually a sequel to the book The Mad Ship & The Golden Fool. You'll like it!
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but I do know that it was released in 1998.
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Pride and Prejudice was released in 1813, the same year as Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, he has starred in many films including Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility and Mansfield Park.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in more movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
There are so many great books to recommend. World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Twilight.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
I believe she also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
The Proposal is a romantic comedy film directed by Richard Condon
Enjoy!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do either of those interest you?
It with Mirrors is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Utopian and Dystopian fiction.
I love her. Helen McCrory and Lena Olin starred in Casanova. Are you a Lena Olin fan?
Yes, I've seen it. It's a great Thriller and Drama movie. I recommend it.
I don't know, but I do know that Mirna Richardson starred in X-Men First Class. I would also recommend that movie.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a thriller and is also classified as a drama.
You might enjoy The Shining or The Matrix Revolutions.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Madagascar has starred Jada Pinkett Smith. Did you know that he is also an actress?
It's a romantic comedy-drama. Are you into that genre?
You're welcome!
The Stand is a great movie starring Edgar Wright. It is a drama film.
i think so, The Worlds End is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is starring Eddie Murphy. It is a sci-fi movie.
Happy to help
Did you see him listed as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I believe he is also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
That is correct he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
Well, I know he's from London. He was born in London and plays tennis. He was also involved in the 2012 Olympics.
That's interesting, I had no idea. Did you know he was born in London?
I agree, they haven't had a chance to win that. Do you enjoy watching tennis matches?
He's a writer and film producer correct?
Yes. Walt Whitman was also a journalist. Do you like that type of film?
Yes, it is considered children's literature. Do you enjoy children's literature?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls.
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Yes, he's a great actor. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't know if he passed, but he was also in The Chronicles of Narnia which was pretty good.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, and Beastly. Would you like to know more about any of these?
It's a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome! I hope you like it!
Yes he is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a Fiction piece. You might like that one.
It was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy. It is also a movie released in 2007.
I don't have any suggestions for any other psychological thrillers, but I can recommend others
You're welcome
That's great! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
He is an actor who starred in Toy Story 3 and he produced the animation.
Were you interested in the the author, John Ratzenberger, the author of Toy Story 3?
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Sounds like you would like a recommendation for a psychological thriller or thriller?
Vanilla stars Charlize Theron and Jason Statham. They're both psychological thrillers. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like that one.
Yes, you are correct. He did write "The Clan of the Cave Bear" which is another Historical novel.
Happy to help!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and it is a young adult fiction book.
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is a fantasy, adventure novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about him. I do know he plays German football.
I don't know much about Mesut Ozil, do you know him?
I can't think of any other players on the team, but I know he plays midfielder.
not really. I am more of a football fan. what about you?
what is your fav player?
I agree! The movies are hilarious!
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is famous for writing the popular drama The Secret of Ella and Micha and Kick-Ass
No problem, enjoy!
I have not read National Treasure. But I do know it was written by Orson Scott Card and was released in 1960.
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
I didn't know that. I think that it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this type of Movie?
Yes I can, would you like me to add this?
You're welcome
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Fiction/Comedy. Do you like those types of books?
The novel was written by John Steinbeck,It is about a boy who goes searching for his life after the end of the Great War
I know that Chelsea is an American football player who was born in London.
That is correct. The coach of the team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
I'm not sure. However, I know the team is owned by Thomas Lennon.
I apologize, I don't have that information.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
He wrote Der Tod in Venedig and Das Parfum
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Hero of Ages is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes they were released in 2014, and it is a Romance novel.
Great, enjoy!
It's a movie with Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also stars in the movie Zodiac. I think you'll enjoy it!
If you like action films, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure David Opatoshu starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller and Speculative Fiction.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know Yojimbo?
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was a good movie. It was produced by Woody Allen who also directed Unbreakable.
Yes, he also produced The Happening if you are interested in more movies by him.
Green Zone is another good one, would you like to know about it?
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
TheImaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1982.
You are welcome
You're welcome
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read True Believer or The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is a romance/fantasy film.
Yes, Zane Grey is a very similar person to Zane Grey.
You are most welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 and is also a non-fiction. It's written by Arthur C. Clarke.
Great, enjoy the books!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Time Machine.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Yes, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and X-Men.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. you might like it.
The author that wrote that book has also written Lolita.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know that it was released in 2000.
Happy reading!
Do you like the author Gillian Flynn? She wrote Dark Places.
Yes, it is fiction and was released in 2000.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you enjoy Romance films?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King is a drama film released in 1999 and stars Johnny Depp. The sequel to The King is The Theory of Everything.
Total Recall is a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
I don't see anything else he's in but Tombstone and The Looking Glass Wars are both written by Frank Darabont.
He was in The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
It does have been made into a movie. It's similar to The Memoirs of Dracula.
It appears that the book came out in 2014. Would you like to know who wrote Vanishing Acts?
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like him he also directed Brave.
The sequel to Brave is The Maze Runner. Have you seen that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes, she is also a musician and model.
Yes he does and Luis Texans also appear in that movie
Yes, I do. He's a great author. Some of his works are The Shadows, The King, and The Bourne Legacy. Have you read those?
Yes. To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of her work.
It's starring Dennis Hopper and Katherine Heigl.
Enjoy!
I'm not really a fan, I only know that he is an athlete that plays cricket.
I don't know anything about cricket either. I do know that Harbhajan Singh is an athlete who plays cricket though.
It didn't do like it too! Did you know Harbhajan Singh also played cricket?
Yes, She's a fantastic children's author. She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes. That's the same year You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. That's a cute one.
I don't know that information, but I do know that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
Great! I am glad I could help.
Yes, Simon Elkeles is a writer, He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Perfect Chemistry was written in English and is a great book, have you read it?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in Groundhog Day.
Since you like comedies, you may want to check out Happily Ever After. It is also written by Harold Ramis and was released in 1996.
Here is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it
I do! Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson. Would you like to know more about him?
Wither is actually a film, starring Steve Jobs and it was released in 2012. If you like that movie, you should check it out.
He also wrote First Knight. Have you read that one?
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good one. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and The Wedding.
That book was released in 1998. Would you like to know other books by Nicholas Sparks?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Cowboys is a great cowboys quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of his?
I don't really know much about the Cowboys. Are they part of the NFC south?
Yeah, they're very talented. Would you like to know anything else about the Cowboys?
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, and it's a documentary film.
Do you like Indie films? He also starred in X-Men 2 and The Last Samurai.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill A Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he plays Badminton, I think.
Yes, Venus and Serena Williams are a tennis player.
I love him! I especially like the song This Love. Do you have a favorite song of his?
Yes she is. I love her music. My favorite song is What About You. Have you seen it?
Sure, it has been made into a movie starring Kelly Preston as well as Jason Tolstoy.
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a really good Drama. Do you like Nicolas Cage? If you like Nicolas Cage, also Xander Berkeley.
It was released nine years ago and stars Robert De Niro.
Nicolas Cage actually produced and starred in Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy film.
He is the first actor in the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, I like Zakir Hussain. I think he is a great DJ.
That's pretty cool. I haven't heard much about him since he is a former world No. 1 in singles.
The Inside Man is a drama, crime starring Denzel Washington. Do you like that kind of movie?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It was released in 2012. It was directed by him.
It is also a comedy/drama and was directed by David Mitchell.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
No. I have not. I'm a fan of Jay-Z. Do you like him?
Yes, I can. Other movies in that genre include The Mask and Diary of New York.
This movie is directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1999. I don't know if you're interested in watching it.
You're welcome
I can recommend you The Great Gatheringby and The Great Gatheringby
The Secret Life of Bees and The Golden Compass are both great books in this genre. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Both great books are fiction.
Great!
Sure, it's written by Mark Twain and was released in 1982. It is a family film and was directed by Mark Twain.
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, have you read those?
Sure! La sombra del viento was released in 1970 and was also written by Lucia Graves. Would you like to know more about her?
That's right! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I know she is an actress who was born in Ottawa.
It was released on April 26, 1986
I don't show what she starred in the Muppets, but the musical comedy she did star in the Muppets
The Muppets the real name is Lady Gaga. Do you know her real name?
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is married to Lamar Jackson. He was born in Baltimore.
The award for o. J.K. Simmons is amazing.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Other Young Adult Fiction books include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Fault in Our Stars has a great cast including Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Absolutely! Other books in the Young Adult Fiction genre include Wildwood Dancing, Wicked Lovely, and Blood Promise.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is young-adult fiction.
I don't have any other recommendations for that, but I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah and Xenocide.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible and All My Son.
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Do you like those types of books?
It's a movie also starring Ray Winstone and Jada Pinkett Smith.
Of course! I hope you like it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
The movie is based on a book by Roger Avary, who was in Pulp Fiction, The Incredible Hulk, The Prisoner of Azkaban. It was released in 1994.
He is also a writer and film producer. He wrote the Prophet of Yonwood.
I don't know that, but Quinten Terintino starred in Grindhouse which is a horror movie. It is a very popular one.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade with Sean Connery. Have you seen that?
She starred in The Big Lebowski which is a very good film.
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should definitely check out her songs, I like Dance wiv Me, then.
I'm not sure, but it's very popular as her songs. I agree with you on that. She has a good voice.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in Rome was adapted into a film and was directed by Colleen McCullough.
Sure! House is a good drama with a lot of people.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
It was released in 1997 and also starred Vince Vaughn,
River Phoenix starred in it. Do you like any other action movies?
your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the Fantasy genre of books?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca have you read it?
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there's no information about that.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a Romantic Comedy and The Muse is starring Martin Scorsese. Are you interested in this genre?
Some other recommendations include The Muse and Death Proof. Do those sound interesting?
Great, I'll add it to your queue.
That's great. It's a great movie with Steve Carell. Do you like him?
Great. Do you like Steve Carell as well?
Yeah, Zach Galifianakis is in that movie as well. Do you want to watch it?
You might enjoy Xenocide or Wolves of the Calla.
Susan Meissner wrote The Polar Express. This speculative fiction is one of her most famous works.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome!
The Terminator is a sci-fi movie. Would you like similar sci-fi recommendations?
Rosario Dawson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You are welcome, I hope you like it!
That's a great team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
I don't know much about the Patriots then I think they lost to the Patriots in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
No, and Gisele was also a former American football player for Philadelphia Eagles.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tour.
You might like The Dark Knight or The Avengers. Both are great comic movies.
I have The Cool World and Bad Boys 2 just to name a few.
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Enjoy your day.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1973 and was written by James Dashner. It's a romantic/comedy and it's a mystery. Do you like romance?
I'm sorry but I don't have any other recommendations for other movies
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is okay.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies.
No problem enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't know him. Is he a good player?
It does! It also stars Steve James, who is one of my favorite basketball players.
Space Jam was a great movie. It also stars Donnie Wahlberg and Danny DeVito.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life is a Science Fiction. Do you like reading these types of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
Yes the Packer is a football team.
I like football. I'm a huge fan of Broncos.
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Larry Crowne and Farrah Fawcett. It was also written by Robert Duvall and starred Harrison Ford.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes he is. Did you know he is also an actor? He starred in Zombieland.
Yes he did and he was also a musician.
I don't know what else he is in, but I do know that he is also a director as well.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Other science fiction movies include The Tuxedo and The Matrix Reloaded. Both are excellent!
The star cast would be Tom Wilkinson and Bill Pullman to name a few. It is a science fiction movie.
You might also check out The Absolute Sandman as well.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow football?
I haven't seen it either. I hear that Wesley Snipes is also in it and he is an artist. Do you like him?
I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, written by Richelle Mead. Do you like any of those genres?
I believe it is a Paranormal romance
I know that the Vampire Academy series is Science Fiction
No problem
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games has the genre Young-adult fiction.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is similar to the very hungry caterpillar, have you seen it?
I am not sure, but The Very Hungry Caterpillar is another great children's book.
There are so many great children's books that you may enjoy.
Yes, White Fang is also in the Young-adult fiction genre.
He also wrote Kite Runner and The Notebook.
You are welcome!
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love. Do you like her movies?
Enjoy!
I think he's a good qb. Did you know he's from Green Bay?
I don't have that information unfortunately, but i do know Aaron Rodgers is a Quarterback
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers. Did you know Aaron Rodgers was from Chicago?
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She won the 2007 PGA Championship and the 2008 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
I don't have much information on horror books but I can tell you Elizabeth Kostova also wrote a film called The Historian.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that she is a French author who wrote The Historian.
You're welcome!
That's a great book by Lian Hearn. Did you know it was also a movie?
Yes, the Winnie-the-Pooh is a children's literature written by John Hooh. Do you like children's literature?
Yes it is. It is also classified as speculative fiction and fantasy.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I am not a big basketball fan so I don't know much about him. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not sure. But I know he was in the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
That is true. I guess the Greek Freaks were a good team as well as the New Orleans Saints.
Yes Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did and Wonder Boys was released in 2013
I think they both are together. I actually don't remember when Linkin Park was released?
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Are you looking for more by that author or more of that genre?
There is a sequel to The Road called Post-Apocalyptic fiction called Post-Apocalyptic fiction. Would you like to hear more about these?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally does Tragedy. It is speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but he did write science fiction as well.
You are welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Did you know that Tom Hanks also produced the movie Larry Crowne?
Yes, it is. Tom Hanks also stars in the movie That Thing You Do.
You are most welcome! Enjoy!
She's an author who wrote two books called The Secret Life of Violet Grant. Have you read it?
I haven't followed her on Saturday Night Live, but I believe she's a very good business person. Do you like business movies?
I do, actually! I've heard that it's a great show. Do you have a favorite satire show?
I'm not sure, but the Invention of Lying is also a film.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Waking Life and Monsters Inc. Have you seen them?
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I'm not sure of the name, but I know he's from Washington DC and has a genre of American Football.
Yeah. She was born in Atlanta but she plays the position that she plays for the New England Patriots.
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends.
Yeah, me too. I like her song Everyday. Have you heard of her?
That's interesting. I like Yellow Submarine as well, did you know that he's from Philadelphia?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes it was in the early 1070's, and it was released in 2003.
It was released in 2003 and the genre is a romance movie.
No problem!
Ray Bradbury was an American writer best known for writing The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of these?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are. Ray is the author of Wintersmith.
Yes, you're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote and directed Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more about it?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays football. He also plays the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal National Football team.
That's a very true person. I really don't know much about soccer. Did you know he was married to Irina Shayk?
Yes, she is. Do you know she has starred in the movie Cowboys & Aliens.
Total Recall is a thriller. Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Do you like these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and Total Recall. Would you like to watch those?
Mark Margolis and Robert De Niro are the players with him.
The genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you interested in that genre?
The genre is Speculative fiction and it is written by Gail Carson Levine
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is a children's literature
You are welcome
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Temptation of Christ?
William Hurt and Jack Nicholson are also in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse along with J.K. Simmons.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
That was released in 1856, do you enjoy reading it?
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes that's right
I haven't. Do you enjoy Psychological thrillers?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction.
Certainly, I recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is. It is aaudio book.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
It was released in 1904.
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote Zach Galifianakis.
No, I don't have any additional information on that.
Enjoy your reading!
She wrote The Secret Garden. Have you read that book?
It's considered romance and historical fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Done! Enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote David Copperfield. Are you a fan of his?
This is the only one that I know of by Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and David Copperfield.
You're welcome! You might also like The Old Curiosity Shop, which was also written by him.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
No I do not know who wrote Blood Promise.
I believe it is also young adult fiction.
Absolutely! I would recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both are wonderful books.
Sure! He is a tennis player. He plays in the Olympics. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a fan of the tennis. She has a sister named Serena Williams that is also from London. Do you like her?
That's amazing! Do you have a favorite team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
That's right. He's also a point guard.
Wow, I am not for sure. I do know that Drew Brees, is the coach of the Detroit Pistons?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Recommendations are similar to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Tate Taylor and Sharito Copley.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Help and also in The Help.
He has also starred in The Help, which is a very popular film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Peter Kosinski.
Yes, he did direct that one. I enjoy his musicals The Fountainhead, which is a great one.
Yes he did, and he was awesome! Do you like his work?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Pat Conroy is a great author. Some of his work include The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes. Bill Murray is an author who is also a teacher and was born in Chicago.
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Things We Do for Love. It's a very good read.
It's a children's book.
your welcome
Yes, she's a great actress. She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in The Road to El Dorado and The Maze Runner. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Tombstone also starred Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It is a very good movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles is an author who wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most famous books are Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of these?
Your welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime movies?
He also directed The Last Templar.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy film released in 1979.
You are welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and it stars Sam Claffin.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help you with anything else. Did you need to know if you need any other suggestions?
Yes, that is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy movies?
Some of the other actors include Angelina Jolie Pitt, Tim Blake Nelson and Tim Blake Nelson.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Well, I have that it's a fantasy movie. Do you like the genre of the movie?
Have you seen any of the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Philip Pullman
You're welcome.
OK.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise and Tim Blake Nelson.
Yes, he did! That was a movie star Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of his?
Happy to help! I hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Total Recall is a thriller. Do you like thrillers like Total Recall because of the genre or the actors?
Tim Roth, Jeff Garlin and Robert De Niro are the main stars in that movie.
Michael Arndt was the main actor, and Tim Roth.
You are welcome.
Well, I know they are owned by Bill Neukom. Did you know they were the runner-up in the 2010 world series?
Oh. Did you know that they drafted Kenny Phillips?
That is a great team! I'm also a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz played in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
He is a professional table tennis player from China. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, and if you like Zhang Ziyi, it also stars in White Oleander.
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by guy Cardwell. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer
Mark Twain also wrote Tom's Treasure Hunt and The Tragedy of Huckleberry Finn.
He has written Tom Sawyer , The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Yes, you're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another Jane Austen book?
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
It is a romance novel, similar to Pride and Prejudice.
The Hunt for Red October written by Tom Clancy and the movie is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this book?
The genre is Patriot Games, it was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in that movie. Do you like him?
Yes, he did. It also stars Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. I totally forgot about that.
Yes, he did. Ben Stiller also starred in the romantic comedy Zoolander.
Would you like to add that to your watch list?
I am not a huge fan of her music but I do know that she is friends with Madonna and I like the movie Crossroads.
Yes, she went downhill also. I think I remember when she was kidnapped and she went downhill.
I have seen him in a lot of movies. Did you know he was also a model?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
It is a romance novel by Liisa gardner. Do you like romance books?
Yes, they both are very funny movies. You can watch The Goonies if you need to watch it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, which are a few.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Steve McQueen and starred Robert De Niro.
Great choice! It stars Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway.
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Anne Hathaway wrote it.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The True Confession are picture books
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
Great question, it was released in 1900.
It was written by Judy Garland
Yes, he has written it
Ok, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he's played for the Argentina national football team. I don't like he's a very good player though.
I'm not really into basketball. I think he plays the forward position. Are you a football fan?
That's right. Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. and Louis van Gaal.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also wrote and starred in Fugitive.
I know he directed and starred in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Absolutely, can I help with anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky did you know it was also turned into a movie?
Yes she was. She was also in The Fault in Our Stars.
I am not sure, but I can check you know that Emma was in The Perks of Being a Wallflower is another movie she was in.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's written by Anne Rice and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they do. What do you think about the St Louis Cardinals do you watch?
That is correct. The last time they played in the World Series.
Are you a fan of the New Orleans Saints?
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want me to play it for you?
Then you might like The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in an action film called Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short and Laurie Metcalf starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that movie?
Hugh Jackman starred in Treasure Planet and it was released in 1994.
William Friedkin directed the Hunted, The French Collection. Have you seen that one?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other thrillers, but I can recommend others if you'd like
You're welcome, I'm glad to help!
Yes she's a great author. She's written The Good Earth which was also a film.
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-and-White.
No problem, glad to help.
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like hockey and football. How about you?
I've enjoy watching tennis tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has the qualities you are talking about. It is a drama/mystery.
Alan Arkin also starred in Twilight. Do you like movies that are based on?
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams and she is also a tennis player.
Her current ranking is No. 1 in singles.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman is an American actress, producer and director. Some of his most well-known works are The Phantom of the Opera and The King. Have you seen either?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy and it is also The Wyrd Sisters
Yes, Tombs of Atuan is also written by Gail Carson Levine and is fantasy.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I do not know who he is. Is he a player for the Broncos?
I think he was a free agent also and was a free agent.
Yes, he is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not sure. I think he's quite good as well.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney?
I believe it is a romantic comedy, and you should read it if you haven't read it.
You are welcome!
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola.
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! It is a historical period drama that also stars Christo Jikov and Hristo Shopov as well.
Ok, I'll add them to your watch list.
Sure! Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
She wrote Insurgent and Beautiful Creatures
You are welcome
Yes, it was released in 2011.
It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It become a movie too.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about him?
Cool! The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney.
Philip Pullman wrote The Golden Compass, which is also a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
You might also like the book The Golden Compass, which is a thriller.
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tombs of Atuan. Do you like him?
It starred Tom Amandes and Zoe Kravitz. Do you like them?
Your welcome.
not really. I just know she composed You Lost Me.
I don't have any of her music. I think Shakira is really talented. She has a good voice. She's awesome!
Did you know he was in the movie The Bluest Eye?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is another science fiction movie.
I do not know who is in it, but I do know it was written by Stephen King
Yes I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
Yes that's very true. I like her sister Serena too.
Yes, they are amazing. Do you like them as well?
I think Mike Woodson is one of their best players ever. I'm not sure. I think Mike Woodson does a good job with them today.
Yeah, he's also a point guard too.
I didn't know he was in that movie too!
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Wales.
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. I like American football. How about you?
It is a very good movie by Lee Maguire. Do you know it is also a movie?
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
I am not sure but The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Not a problem
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Kyla Pratt is the author of this book. Another good Speculative fiction book is the Pharrell Williams
It is an Autobiographical novel.
Sure, you're welcome!
Oh yes! This is a great book written by Mickey Knox. What else can I tell you about it?
This was written by Mickey Knox and is in the genre of sci-fi.
Well, once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leon. Should I add it to your list?
It's a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Some of the good drama movies are To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and it is starring Scarlett Johansson and Louis Leterrier.
There was actually a version of the Manchurian Candidate. It was directed by Richard Condon
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
he is actually a composer and lyricist. Rihanna's Where have you been was composed by him.
I think he is a really good athlete. I really like him in the 2012 Summer Olympics. I think it was amazing.
I like tennis and baseball. Do you have a favorite sport?
Woody Harrelson is the main star. Do you know who is your favorite tennis player?
Sure. She is a writer. She wrote The Words of Life. Have you heard of it?
It is a non fiction book
You are welcome
Rob Riggle has starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like Paul McCartney?
Yes, you're right. Do you have a favorite song from her?
I haven't heard of them either! I like Shakira too. I like her song Whenever, Wherever and Welcome to Temptation.
I think so. I haven't heard anything from her but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info!
Isn't he the guy who is the captain for the India National Cricket team?
What's your favorite sport?
Yes, she was in that movie too!
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist and The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, that is a great movie! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. Do you like him?
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might like The Wolfman.
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a book by James Patterson, and he also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
It's an excellent fantasy movie released in 2002. It stars Ricky Gervais and Jason Bateman. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night
Her genre is drama, and her book The Wedding Date, The Undomestic Goddess.
Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, enjoy the books!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I'm not a fan of cricket, but I do know he plays on the India national team.
Well, from what I've heard, it's been quite a few games. I'd like to learn about some new players like Steph Curry and Stan Wawrinka.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has written Sharp Objects but I can recommend some other titles similar to Sharp Objects such as Sharp Objects.
It is not new, but it is in the genre mystery/suspense/fiction.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a psychological thriller. Are you looking for that genre?
It also starred Michael Stahl-David. I think you would like it, too.
You are welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Wow, I had no idea. Who is your favorite team?
No, I've never been to it. It was nice to see them play there as well!
That's good to know. That's a great team as well!
It seemed to be sometime in the early 2000's.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you heard of either of these books?
The Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar and is in the genre children's literature, do you like childrens literature?
I believe it is a children's literature, but I don't know much about the genre.
Yes, he is. He's a very good golfer. He won the 2005 PGA Championship and 2010 Masters Tournament.
Yeah, he is a very good golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I was. It is a drama. It also stars Tin Cup.
Sounds like a great movie!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
I'm not sure when it was released but The Time Machine was released in 1980.
Nope, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a science fiction movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The movie A Space Odyssey stars Robin Wright and Josh Brolin as well.
I think he is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is very good, isn't he?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a fan?
The Red Sox are the most talented team in the MLB, and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
It is a Psychological thriller that was released in 1990.
Michael McKean starred in both and was also in the slasher book Do you like any other genres?
A recent one with a slasher movie is The Trouble with Harry. It's a coming of age film have you seen it?
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the New Orleans Saints?
Yes, they also have Bunny Smith it's a nice addition.
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
He also starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita. Have you seen either of those?
Creed is a drama movie directed by Roland Emmerich and it was released in 2012.
You are very welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but he wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy and adventure book. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
I am not sure of that but I can tell you he is a really good director. He wrote the Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon
He also starred in The Good Doctor
I do, it was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Breathing Lessons is a good book that is similar to Northanger Abbey.
The Time Machine and Invisible Man is written by Jack London and was released in 1968.
He directed Jurassic World and Safety Not Guaranteed. Have you seen them?
It is an adventure movie. You may want to check it out.
You may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Me too, he's a great actor. He starred in The Rules of Attraction and The Butterfly Effect. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure about that. Is it a Patsy Kensit in The Things Behind the Sun?
Yes it is. It's also a drama and a biography.
That's right! I think I've heard of it. I really enjoyed it.
They're pretty bad, I prefer Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
That is true, did you know Rowdy also owns the Manchester United F.C team?
The Broncos are 3rd ones.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ. Have you seen either of those?
It starred Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels were also in it. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a Thriller and Star Wars Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a movie of his.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States
Gillian wrote Dark Places, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I don't know any authors. However, Gillian Flynn, also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
I do, but I would recommend Waterworld or Warcraft.
Great. Enjoy your reading!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I don't know much about him. I know he is from Delhi and plays cricket. Do you follow that sport?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players in the world.
I have not, but I would love to. I like it to appreciate it. I've been to a Miami Marlins game and enjoy it!
Steve Buscemi is my favorite player. You should give it a try.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
It is both. Looper is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. If you like Warlock, you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know about any other movies in the series?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a good one. It is also written by Scott Fitzgerald.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure of when they came out, but yes! It's in the genre of science fiction and post-apocalyptic fiction.
Yes, it does have a English version.
Great! You are very welcome!
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
She plays tennis, and was recently a former world No 1 in singles.
That's good to know. I haven't watched tennis in a long time but it's very busy. They have a lot of interesting players like Venus and Serena Williams.
Yes I love it. Do you have a favorite player?
Is that your favorite style?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
He wrote The Glass Menagerie and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Mystery. Do you like because is written by her or its genre?
In the Woods is considered speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
You're very welcome.
I believe he wrote a book called Thirteen Moons. Have you heard of that book?
He has starred in a number of movies including The Shawshank Redemption, Thirteen Moons, and Monsters Inc.
Yes, the lead actor is David Ayer. He is also a director, producer, screenwriter, and film producer.
Sure, check out The Murders of the Orient Express & Ayer
Welcome
I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coach of them.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New York Giants.
Yes, I like the New York Jets and New York Giants. I am a fan of the New York Jets though.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland.
It starred Andrew Garfield and Aaron Sorkin.
The Social Network is a Biographical film and it is an action film.
It was released in 1999 and Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network.
The Social Network is a film in the genre of comedy and is starring Andrew Garfield
2010 is the birthplace for the movie Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and she directed The Ice Storm.
I didn't know that. She also starred in The Wedding Date and she starred in that movie as well.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and The BFG.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction with a genre of Hypnotist and Speculative Fiction.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote the Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2014. Did you also know Sarah J Maas is also an author of The Assassin's Blade?
Wonderful, I think you will enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
That's right. It's a Romance novel that was published in 1817. Would you like to see it?
Yeah, I have. Did you know that it is a Romance?
I believe she plays badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I'm not sure but I do know that the team is part of the team.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like scientists?
Yes, he wrote a book called Martin McDonagh, have you heard of it?
Robin's work was in the movies Mrs. Doubtfire, Ugly Betty and Shutter Island. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's also in the Drama genre.
It stars Woody Harrelson, Woody Harrelson, and Cameron Crowe.
You bet!
I love Homer's Homer. The Simpsons is written by John Lee Hancock and it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Iliad is another example of this genre. Another example of this author is Kenny Baker.
Yes, it's a classic. It's similar to The Iliad.
I'm not a big fan of the Seahawks but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. He's a good coach
Yes, that is true. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XLVIII?
No, but that is a tough division with the Redskins.
Yes it's a very good movie. It stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson (the film). Also starring Mary Steenburgen (who's been around a long time)
Sure, that was a great proposal. Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity are a very popular proposal.
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is actually next in the series called Dead. Alive is written by Charlaine Harris
Yes it is! It was also written by him and it has a theme park mad after it.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan of theirs?
The owner is Mike Woodson
No,I am not sure but they are a part of the NFC South
You're Welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I can tell you that Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, which is not only in the movie, but also in The Road to El Dorado, and Safety Not Guaranteed.
Seven Psychopaths was released in 2015. Colin Farrell was also in Gone Baby Gone which is another good one.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Shawnee Smith are a few of the players. Do you know any of them?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I do not. What other movies do you like?
I think I have seen that one. Matt Schulze was also in Top Secret and Wonder Woman. Do you like him?
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it is based on the book.
I will have to check it out!
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know that. Is he a good player on Dallas?
Yes it is. Do you know if Jordan was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes, she's an amazing author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a comedy. She also wrote another book called I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
Yea, she's also known as poetry, isn't she?
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's been made into a movie starring Richard Roxburgh.
Sure, I can add them to your reading list!
I do! He wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, it is a comedy starring Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
He plays football in the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh really? I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder position. Do you follow football?
Yeah that was a great drama movie!! It's very funny
Did you see that one? I'm really not a fan of science fiction.
It was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did write Vespers Rising. It's a young-adult fiction and is about Greek Mythology
It is a mystery novel also written by Rick Riordan as well as The Sea of Monsters and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Historical fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
Some other romance novels are Fahrenheit 451 and Walk the Line
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1988
Sure, enjoy the book!
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
I like Rob Schneider too. He is a great actor. I liked him in Grown Ups too.
Yes, she was in Frida too.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Kernochan and Kate Winslet.
You may like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Great! Total Recall is also a thriller and it stars Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Enjoy your movie.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton. I think it is a sport similar to tennis.
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is, and he is also from the 1980's.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was directed by Chris Hemsworth. Do you want to watch this actor?
The Avengers series starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, and many more. Do you want to know more about any of these actors?
He has starred in many films such as The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and Thor.
The Patriot is a good one, there are few other ones if you have watched all of them.
He's a writer and poet. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
It is a psychological thriller and was released in 1994. It stars Eric Brees. Eric Brees is also a director, producer, screenwriter, and film producer.
William Lee Scott also wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction/Thriller film released in 1985. It is a very good movie. It is a very good movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
She's been a big fan since she was in the movie Crossroads and Crossroads.
Keanu Reeves, Russell Crowe, and Kevin Costner just to name a few. It's a really good film. Do you like Thrillers?
She starred in the movie Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
It's a fantasy film. You'll like The Witching Hour and The Man from Fire.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Tessa Thompson.
300 stars Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese.
Yes! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Vol. 1 stars Denzel Washington. Would you like to know who starred in it?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes you are correct! She wrote Persuasion. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, he did write Persuasion. If you like that one, you might enjoy Persuasion.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. City of Glass is a book of hers.
That is considered a historical period drama.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes he was and he was great in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
Tom Cruise produced Days of Thunder. Would you like to watch that one?
You are welcome.
I think they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long time ago.
I like the Washington Redskins, I think Brett Favre was a great coach. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan to be honest. I don't do a lot of sports to watch. What is your favorite Niners's team?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke is also a film. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke.
No, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, I do! He is a player for Dortmund. He's a forward.
I haven't been a fan since I hear that it is. Do you have a favorite team?
I can agree with you. Did you know he was born in Germany?
Yes,Liba Bray wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm sorry I don't have any other fantasy books in the genre but I do have Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, it does. He is also a writer and playwright.
No problem! There is also a film of the same name written by Milan Kundera.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you watch football?
You're very welcome!
Yes she is that female golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes. I believe she is from Honolulu.
Wow, I had no idea. Wow he must be really good.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Great question, some of the actors include Angelina Jolie Pitt and Chris Pratt.
Sure, it was released in 1995.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I didn't know that. I think he is a musician as well. Do you know he is from New York?
I think he's now married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like the movie because it is an adventure movie?
The Golden Compass is a Disney movie. Have you seen it?
The Running Man is also a Disney movie. It's also very funny.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Yes, it's a great book. I have to add it to your list. I think you should add it to your list.
I will add that to your reading list.
I'm not a huge tennis fan, but I do know that he's married to Serena Williams.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player?
Sure, hope you enjoy the games!
Sure! Arthur Conan wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes and The Complete Sherlock Holmes.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock is the first book of a series. The next book in the series is The Complete Novels and Stories. Would you like to know more?
Happy to help!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Okay, I recommend Xenocide or Z for Zachariah to name a few.
Sure, I am here for you.
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of her work?
Some of her other books include Insurgent and The Name of the Wind
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a dystopian novel released in 2012.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
Synthpop and Rock. Do you like her music?
Apparently she did, and she played in the movie A Thousand Years.
I can recommend you the movie Thor : Film Executive Produced: Thor. Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and Robin Williams.
The Door Into Summer and The Way of Zen are two movies he starred in.
You're welcome!
Yes, Where There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts and The Storyteller are very good books by her.
Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult, which also wrote Where There's Smoke.
Where There's Smoke is a Young Adult Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Oh, yes. I like his position. I know he is also a musician but I don't know much about the sport either.
I don't think that is a good one, but if you like the Browns I heard they won the Superbowl IV Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show
Yes he did! Peter Weir also directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she's a good actress. I liked her in The Muppets and Spring Breakers
I like her too. Do you like her music?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a similar book to Number the Stars.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, it is a great book. Xenocide is a science fiction and post-apocalyptic fiction as well.
No problem, enjoy!
You're Welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It sure was! Rosemary Wells also wrote Charlotte's Web, which is based on a book.
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier, The World War Z, and Cast Away. Have you seen any of these?
Some other great ones are Walk the Line, The Handmaid's Tale and The Bone Clocks
Sure. Submarine is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He is one of the actresses.
Your welcome!
Do you want to know other books written by Douglas Adams?
I recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Yes, it was released in 1993 and was the same year that the Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was released.
Yes, that was released in 1980 and is a mystery/fantasy.
Absolutely! I am glad I could help!
I heard they are very popular around the world
I like Nsync, and Backstreet Boys. They are very popular together.
I like them both. I think I'd like to learn more about them as well. Are you a fan of them?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you're right. He was also a linebacker.
I'm a sports fan. Do you have a favorite sport?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is an action movie similar to TRON: Legacy.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller directed by Chris Columbus. Do you like his movies?
L.A. Confidential is a thriller released in 1995. It is starring Kevin Spacey, Matt McCoy and Kevin Spacey.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is an action movie released in 2010.
I haven't seen that one but I do know that it is very funny. Do you like comedy?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
I'll add them to your watch list!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, he is in it. Do you like him? He's also in The Truman Show.
She also starred in Shooting the Past and Have you seen them?
There is a film called The Pianist. Would you like to watch that one?
You are welcome.
Oh yes, I do! She's a great tennis player. I love watching her in the Olympics. Have you seen it?
No, I did not. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Penelope Wilton.
I can't remember when Serena starred in Palm Beach, but my son likes her.
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You might like Welcome to the Monkey House, which is written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read Shutter Island? It is also a Sci-Fi.
It was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1999 and is a fiction/fantasy.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 1996. It also was directed by Peter Benchley.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Another speculative fiction book is Zoe's Tale.
It was written by Bob Kane, who also wrote Zooey Deschanel.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also an actress? She was in Who's That Girl
It is a good one. Madonna is an actress too. She has starred in many films as well. Have you seen any of those?
Yes you are correct. They are pretty good together on-screen. Did you see that one?
Yeah, she's been in a lot of movies. She was also in The Tree of Life and The Wizard of Oz.
That is a good one! I think I'll watch it now.
Yes, it starred Joel Coen who also wrote True Grit.
No, I don't have that information.
Of course, do you like his work? I'm always happy to help.
Of course! En Man Som Heter Ove was written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
Are you looking for Crime Fictions by James Patterson or Crime Fiction?
It was released in 1999 and has a genre of Romance Film.
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks wrote and starred in Larry Crowne. That's a good movie too!
That was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed and starred in Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote, directed, and starred in the hit movie Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen this movie yet?
It is a drama directed by Tom Hanks and Channing Tatum also starred in the Wrestler.
I am not sure who directed it but I do know Requiem of a Dreams is starring Evan Rachel Wood
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Tye Sheridan, Michael Fassbender and The Godfather Part II.
It's a political drama, and Apocalypse Now is an action film.
Mr. Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
It is a really good movie. It is also a thriller.
The Cloverfield is a good one. It is also a thriller/comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's written The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her work?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Who is your favorite patriots player?
Belichick is a great player. He also a coach for the Chicago Bears.
It has a great cast. It's a sci-fi, action, and adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, she did and it has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Do you like either of those genres?
Yes, he is also a musician and a model.
I'm not sure but Nicky Katt has starred in The Brave One and he also starred in The Brave One.
Is there anything else I can help with?
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City of Ember. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1980 and is in the English language.
We Were Liars was released in 2014 the same year as The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're Welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Pounds because it is starring Will Smith or because it is a drama?
That's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Are you interested in his books?
Yes, it does. It's also a film.
Yes it was, and it was also a Thriller. Are you a fan of that genre?
I can also recommend the film Adding to your library!
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Wales.
It looks like he is a Midfielder, actually.
Yes, he is from Wales from the Cardiff region
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not a fan of dance music, but I do like her song What the Night Knows. Do you know?
I'm sorry, I do not know much about her music. I'm sorry.
Yes, it's written by Stephen King. Did you know it's a crime fiction?
I have not, but the genre is psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yeah, I do like Anthony Hopkins. I know he produced The Silence of the Lambs. I think it was a great movie. Do you like him?
Emily Griffin is an american tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Adventure film. It is a great book.
Your welcome!
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
I am not sure, but he's from Warsaw.
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Do these sound interesting?
Kiera Cass wrote The Selection. The genre is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Okay, I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you enjoy X-Men because it was written by Bryan Singer or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
I really like Action movies. Who's your favorite X-Men: Days of Future Past or The Dead Zone?
Hugh Jackman and Elijah Wood are in it. Do you know them?
Yeah, I think so. Did you know that Sylvester Stallone was in it?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime, thriller. Do you like those types of books?
Good Will Hunting is also written by Stephen King and it is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel. What would you like to know about it?
It was written by Orson Scott Card and stars Timothy Spall . Are you familiar with him?
It is a Fiction/Fantasy. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, The Tipping Point book is a historical novel released in 1985. It is also a film.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Joe Robbins is also a writer and a director.
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
Fiar Game is a comedy.
White House Down is another great action film starring Valerie Plame
Gerard Butler is the star of Fair Game
He directed Man on the Moon and Amadeus. Have you see them ?
He also wrote Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, I can. Please enjoy the movie.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is a fantasy.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really follow cricket, but I do know that he is a very good player. I don't really follow it.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good player?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
Yes, he starred in The Christmas Blessing, This Is the End
Yes, he has starred in the movie The White Album, The Voice, and the TV series,
It was written by James Frey. It's also a great Fiction.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Are you familiar with that one?
You are welcome. Happy to help.
Enjoy your reading!
Michael Crichton is actually the author of the book Disclosure that he wrote.
he wrote the book Olympus Has Fallen
it is a tragicomedy
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I am not a huge sports fan but I do know he is also a forward and a midfielder.
Yes, I like basketball too. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote "Go Further" which is a science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
That is a book released in 1995. It is also classified as a biography.
Sure! Added the book to your list.
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a writer who wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage.
He also wrote A Woman Named Jackie and The Colditz Story.
It's a Historical fiction.
Great! Glad to be of help.
G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Seth Rogan and Ryan Gosling also starred in it. It was also directed by Tom Brady.
Eva Mendes has also starred in the movie A Man Called You Do
Yes it is. It is a great movie. It stars Scott Bakula and Kevin Spacey. Do you like this actor?
Bradley Cooper was the lead in American Sniper. You like him?
It is considered both.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Martin Scorsese wrote The Last Stand which was also written by David Koepp.
Yes. This is a great movie. It's written by Robert De Niro and stars Thomas Lennon.
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale which is also written by Robert De Niro.
You may want to try The Wolverine, it is very funny.
Sure. It also stars Sean Connery and Robert De Niro.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do have it, it is written by Joel Coen and starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, he starred in the movie Larry Crowne and also in That Thing You Do!
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne, and it is a romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and it's a comedy.
Yes, do you want me to send it to you?
You too!
Yes I can! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in Wreck-It Ralph, which is also in the fantasy genre.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year they won the Super Bowl XLVII championship
My favorite team is the Broncos. They have a lot of good players like Lebron James.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by Tom Werner, right?
Yes it is! Did you know that John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
Me either but I can't say I am a fan of the New Jersey Patriots
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, she did. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was released in 1876.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Did you like the movie because it was written by Veronica Roth?
Similar to Divergent are; Mockingjay, State of Fear, and The Children of Men.
you are welcome
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Goonies stars Steve Antin, Robert Davi and Robert Davi. It is a Triller/Drama that was also produced by Chris Columbus.
Oh yes that's right. I love her music. My favorite song of hers is Thank Me Later. Do you like her?
Yes, and she recorded In the movie In The Hall of Fame.
I haven't listened to that song, I grew up watching her on American Idol and she starred in the movie, The Fame Monster. Pretty cool.
Yes I do. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. There is a sequel for Unaccustomed Earth. Would you like to know more about that?
I do like thrillers. I think Shark Night is a great one to check out.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like them?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Theodore Lesieg
The original Animation Film has been made into a movie starring Hugh Jackman
There is one Welcome to Temptation if you liked that
You're welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
It was written by the famous author Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which is another science-fiction book you might enjoy.
Yes he has and it's actually a film which is made into a movie starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Great! I hope you enjoy them both.
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is a romance movie
Your welcome
I've read Luftslottet som sprängdes, written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
You may know that it was released in 2007 and is in English. Have you read this book?
Yes, Agatha Christie also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Akira Kurosawa wrote Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, and Ran.
It's a Japanese film director. He directed Yojimbo. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two of the most popular ones are The Samurai and Ran.
Happy to help!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a film produced by Terry Pratchett. what else can i answer for you?
"Confessions" is a comedy. Anything else i can help you with?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I also like the Steelers.
Me too! Did you know the Redskins won the Superbowl last year?
Yes, I do he wrote Dirty Diana, one of my favorite songs. Did you know he was also a director?
Yes. He was also in Men in Black II. Do you like the movie?
Yes, he was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Top Gun.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You may like The Muse, which is also a great film.
Brad Pitt played the lead as the lead as the lead. How about Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark?
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Yes, I like the Orioles too. Are you a fan of the Red Sox?
I agree. The Orioles have been runner ups for Super Bowl XLVIII. Are you familiar with the Red Sox?
Timur Bekmambetov directed the movie Moulin Rouge, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Sure, Night Watch is an action film directed by Timur Bekmambetov and it stars Johnny Depp and it is considered a thriller.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Yes. Hugh Jackman is also in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
That's right! He also wrote The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. He was also involved with DC Comics and DC Comics.
1986 was the year that released The Way of the Gun and was released have you read them?
There are so many great fiction books that you may like to know are Fifty Shades of Grey and The Long Dark Tears
Can I help you with anything else?
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one? It stars Robert Duvall.
Marlon Brando is great in his roles. Did you know that he is also in The Godfather II?
Great! Marlon Brando is known for being starring in the movie The Godfather Part II and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Great movie!
OK, great! I will add that to your list.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
That's right! I know he is one of the founders of the NFL as well.
Which isn't that cool? I think he's from there.
They're pretty good! They were runner ups for Super Bowl XLI. I haven't watched much football for the past couple of years. I haven't really followed them much this year. Who is their coach?
Ok I'm actually not sure who is in it, I think they're doing good this season. Are you a fan of the Patriots?
I like baseball too! What is your favorite team?
Yes, it is starring Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon Levitt.
They both starred in Beautiful Creatures and Zooey Deschanel.
You Again, You Again is a film that was released in 2007. It is an excellent romantic film.
The Namesake is a novel written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's in the genre of Mystery and Children's Literature.
Xenocide is a science fiction by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I sure will! Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and The Informant!
Enjoy!
Blake Tollison country singer, songwriter and television personality
His record label is No Strings Attached. Do you like country music?
I don't know where he started. However, he also composed for the song The Voice.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it was based on a TV series called Pretty Little Liars.
I recommend watching The Secret Life of Bees by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I am not a fan of Pats. Do you like any of the players?
Do you know anything about Army/Navy, do you know anything about it?
I don't really know much about them. Who is their coach?
I'm pretty sure Mike Tomlin is a former coach. I think Tomlin is friends with the Pittsburgh Steelers as well.
I didn't know that! Is football your favorite team?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Jenna Boyd were in it. It's a great comedy.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year that released Tales of Beedie the Bard
Yes, she did! And Mary Higgins Clark also wrote Sleepy Hollow.
You're welcome!
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry I don't have that information, can I help you with anything else?
Your welcome, hope you enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Are you familiar with that author?
It's a movie with the genre of thriller and biography. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. If you like thriller movies, this's The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like science fiction?
It was released in 2004
No problem
The Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tragedy of Julius Caesar and King Lear.
What You Will is a fantasy novel also written by Shakespeare. It has the genres drama and comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
The Headhunters stars Benedict Cumberbatch and Benedict Cumberbatch
Okay, enjoy the movie!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini, who also wrote The Kite Runner, Have you read it?
Yes, he has. He wrote The Kite Runner, The Kite Runner, and The Kite Runner.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not sure where he's from. I do know that he's a former world No. 1 in singles.
Well, Damien Chazelle was also in the movie Whiplash and The Kite Runner. Have you heard of either?
The movie is about the life of a Swiss mail order bride. It is a romantic drama about a woman working at a nightclub who meets a woman and falls in love with her sister, a woman.
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
She starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest. Would you like more information about her?
Shaun Evans starred in it as well and it's a psychological thriller.
Sure! I'll add that right away.
He is ok. I am not familiar with his music, what is your favorite song of his?
It was released in 2008 and is a comedy genre
I didn't know she was on that show as well!
Yes, it is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the movie because of the author, Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might like The Passage if you like dramas.
You're welcome! I think you'll enjoy it.
It was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Zaslow. What genre are you interested in?
Yes, he did. He was also in Star Trek. Do you like science fiction movies?
Sure! Are you interested in watching it now?
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and action film.
Yes, some of the actors are Jim Carrey and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
I hope you like it!
The book Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are his most popular work.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
I'll add it to your reading list!
I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers...The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
He also wrote The Ghost Writer.
2008
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Yes, Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. He also directed that one.
Yes, that's correct.
No problem, I'll add that.
Sure! I love Donnie Darko, it was written by Richard Kelly. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
He also starred in the movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
Yes he was in that and he also starred in The Rules of Attraction.
I don't have any suggestions for movies with him but I can recommend other movies he's been in.
I'm not sure when Shadow and Lies was released, but I do know it is also a comedy.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that is also known for The Modern Prometheus.
It is written in English and is also considered a Romance Novel.
You are very welcome!
It is a thriller. It is starring Edward Norton and Brad Pitt.
There are several, including Bruce Willis, Ryan Reynolds, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She translated I Know Why the Caged Bird Stood Still, and A.A. Milne to name a few. I can add it to your list if you would like to read it or read it.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Its genre is Thriller/Drama is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, he is! He was also in The Siege. Are you a fan of his?
You should watch The Siege if you like Denzel Washington.
You are correct. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. He is a great actor.
Yes he was. Volcano High was released in 2010 and stars Denzel Washington.
You're welcome!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Mostly a fan of baseball, and aren't there two leagues that specialize in that area. The team is from Brooklyn!
I like the L.A. Dodgers and the Dodgers. They were the runner-up in the 2000 World Series a few times.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It came out in 2005 and it's a very popular one.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner. He's a very good actor.
Yes I can. Enjoy the movie!
I know that he is a football player. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West.
Sure. The Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are also good movies with the same genre.
Yes, you can try The Bad and the Ugly.
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
There is one you may enjoy that one called Welcome to the Monkey House that was released in 1968?
Some other speculative fiction books include Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House.
He directed several movies including Unstoppable and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in it. Do you like him?
I think you're correct. I'm not sure what else he's done but I do know he was also in The Civil War.
Djimon Hoosou wrote Unlawful Entry which is a really good book.
It came out in 1985 and starred Carmen Argenziano. She also starred in it.
Great! It stars Judy Greer and Michael Fassbender. It was released in 1995.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Cuckoo's Calling.
Underdog is a science fiction/fantasy film that was produced and directed by Jon Tenney and released in 1994.
He has also starred in The Mask, The Scorpion King, and The Mask.
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
No I don't but I'm familiar with Philadelphia Eagles. They are owned by Dwayne Johnson.
No I only watch the NFC East.
I like the New Orleans Saints and the New Orleans Saints too.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, it is. I think you'll like it.
That's a great movie. William Hurt starred in The Incredible Hulk.
The Incredible Hulk is starring William Hurt, who also starred in The Scorpion King.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Would you like to know anything else about it?
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Well, it's a thriller, so you may like Die Hard 2. It's directed by Steven Spielberg.
Then you will like Die Hard 2. It's action and a thriller movie.
Did you enjoy World War Z because it was directed by Roland Emmerich or because it was a zombie movie?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
Sure, can I help with anything else?
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, and Beastly. Would you like to watch any of those?
Yes, she is the author of We Don't Live Here Anymore. I believe it also stars Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig.
Naomi Watts has also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and The Greatest Show! Have you seen those?
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman
Some other thrillers you may like include X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Man on Wire and Turbo.
It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Joe Mantegna. It is a great comedy-drama movie.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Statham. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He also played in Forest Gump and Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Jason Statham and Brad Pitt.
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
The Town is a horror movie and it's a supernatural film.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I think she wrote a book called Jumanji. She's an author who wrote World Without End.
Sure. Madame Bovary is a Romance novel released in 1856. It's a classic.
That's right. It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It is literary realism. Do you like those genres?
Yes, I can recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like any of the actors?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise stars in Days of Thunder, The Mask, and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
It was released in 1999. Tom Cruise also stars in Days of Thunder.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Hudson Hawk is an action film also starring Bruce Willis
Hudson Hawk is an action movie that he also starred in.
I heard The Good Doctor is an excellent movie that he was in.
ok great do you want any more help?
I know he was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like him?
The genre is Young-adult fiction, do you like that?
I don't know very little about Country music, but I do know that he is married to Eva Longoria
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
yes he was in Star Trek movies
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older versions?
The Mask of Zorro is a great speculative fiction book. You should check it out.
It came out in 1937. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, both of them are good. Dwayne Johnson also starred in You Again and Wolfen.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a fiction novel.
I'm more of a fan of adventure movies. Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother are a few other good ones.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Girl with a Pearle Earring.
It was, I think you would love it.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson
The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also written by him.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are a few.
I know that he is a basketball player but I do not know who he is.
Well, he is also a film producer, directed and starred in the movie The Warriors. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player
Sure, do you like Science Fiction or Psychological Thrillers?
Are you interested in Mystery books?
you are welcome
I love this book by J.R.R Tolkien. I think it is a great book!
I believe he wrote the sequel to Silence of the Lambs: Silence of the Lambs: Xenocide. He also wrote the sequel to The Dark Knight Rises.
It was released in 2010. It's also very good.
Happy to help!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
I don't think so. I know who he is. Who is your favorite athlete?
What division are you referring to?
Yes, he wrote The Sea Wolf and The Thin Red Line. Have you read those?
White Fang was considered young adult fiction. Another one you might enjoy is Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, and Julie Kavner also starred in it as well. Did you see it?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's very good. Did you know she also starred in Pride & Prejudice?
Yes, I haven't seen it but I've heard it's very good. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Catwoman?
Me too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedy movies?
It was released in 2009 and is a romance movie.
She's a great actress. Did you know she's an actor? She's a great actress. She's written Scarlett Johansson and Tomb Raider.
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
Me too! Did you know the author of that book was influenced by William Weaver and Henry Cavill?
There are so many great young-adult fiction books that you might enjoy, ones like The Golden Compass and the Looking Glass Wars
That is a young-adult fiction. It is also considered children's literature.
Anytime! Enjoy!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
That's a great one! He was also in Catwoman, have you seen it?
I'm not a fan of the Mets. I do know that they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbeck. Are you a Mets fan?
That's the only one that I really like. It's my favorite. The New York Yankees' team is the Dodgers.
I don't know about that, but Labyrina was also a good player for the Brooklyn Nets.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Human Stain, and The Yellow Submarine.
I'm not sure but it also starred Thomas Lennon and J.K. Rowling.
I love that movie! It was written by Ralph Fiennes, who also wrote The Iliad.
Manchester United is the best in the league in my opinion. I don't have any more questions about the team. I do enjoy watching soccer movies, like the Patriots and the San Diego Chargers.
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong was written and directed by Frank Darabont. The movie stars Arthur C. Clarke and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, he wrote the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm not sure of the exact date but I can tell you it is about the plot of a true story
I am not a fan of the Denver Broncos. They are owned by John Fox and John Fox. Do you like them?
Wasn't the Panthers in the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yes he played for the New England Patriots. Did you know he was a quarterback?
Great! I do like to watch that one too.
Sure, I'm always happy to help. Enjoy!
They're pretty bad, think they were last in the NL East this past season
I guess it's. I'm not a huge fan of the New York Yankees.
I like that movie too. Do you know Keanu Reeves starring in it?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Yes, I like them too. He's a good athlete
No, I haven't. I know he's also an athlete who is a basketball player.
It's written by Stephen Spielberg and stars Bradley Cooper. Have you seen it?
There are so many great sci-fi films that you might enjoy are: Zombieland, The Transporter, and
No, I don't know if it received, but it was directed by Tom Cunningham.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure of the follow up but the Dark Knight Rises is produced by Christopher Nolan.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read those?
The Mad Ship was released in 2005, and The Golden Fool in 2012.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Some of the good ones are Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, Zooey Deschanel, Welcome to the Monkey House, and Zooey Deschanel
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Are you familiar with him?
Lake of Fire stars William Hurt and Tim Roth. It's a historical documentary
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
The Flattered Fish is about the life of young boy who goes searching for his mother's poetry.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a non fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Your welcome
How about If You Give a Mouse a Cookie? Would you like to know other books written by Felicia Bond?
Yes. Terry Pratchett is the author.
Great! Happy to help!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
The movie Inception is also a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a self help book released in 2011.
Absolutely, will do.
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
He's a great player. Did you know that he's from Boston?
Yes he is. He is the current coach of the Celtics. Did you know he is also an athlete?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I don't know, but I can tell you that the team is owned by Jerry Reindsdorf and James D. Stern.
You're Welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
I think it was a good one. It was released in 2007 and is a Thriller. It was a good one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Crescendo is a comedy. Do you like the genre of this film?
I have not read it yet. It was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Emma
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Probably. Warner Bros. Records have quite a bit of info on their roster, like the Red Hot Chili Peppers. I'd like to hear it!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo which was written by Andrew Stanton.
It was released in 2013 and is an adventure movie. Andrew Stanton also directed it.
Yes she does! Ellen DeGeneres also stars in it as well as Andrew Stanton.
You are very welcome!
Yes I do! He starred in Zambezia
That's right! She's such a great actress. She also starred in Twilight, The Mask, and The Avengers.
I have a couple of good family movies. The Magician's Land and The Joy Luck Club are my favorite family movies.
Will do! Hope you enjoy!
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
I don't know what that's true. Do you know if he was a cricket player?
Yes, he wrote it and it was released in 2011.
Yeah he is. He plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does. Seattle Seahawks is owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes. The King's Speech is a drama starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like dramas?
Yes that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Hero. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that he also starred in The Lord of the Rings
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a great singer. She won the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and a regular guest on American Idol
Thanks for the info, I'm going to listen to it now!
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like their coach- Mike Shanahan.
Me either. I like the Bears, because I'm a fan of the Chicago Bears. They're owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
That's great! What are the commercials doing this year?
Isn't he an athlete who plays basketball?
He is a point guard. One of the best basketball players of all time.
Yes, he does. He is also a good point guard.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Breaking Dawn.
OK, she's starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, the star of Brokeback Mountain is John Lennon.
Yes, she is the lead in The Running Man and The Dark Knight.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I do, Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I enjoy watching football!
Robert Pattinson also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Would you like to read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half-Blood Prince?
It's a great book. I think you'll like it. It's a fantasy as well.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
To Rome With Love stars Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor and Gwyneth Paltrow. Do you like either of those actors?
Great! I also recommend the movie Vegasas. Have you seen it?
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
Perhaps you would like to try the Indie film X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
You might enjoy A Walk to Remember starring Johnny Depp.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a fictional novel that was published in 1993. It is about a serial killer called the Virgin Suicides. Dorian is a film starring Jeffrey Eugenides.
It was released in 1991. It is a fictional book about the life of young girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
You're welcome
Sure, it was produced by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogan and James Franco. Do you like it because of the genre of it?
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has also starred in Pineapple Express and she is hilarious. Do you like them?
Would you like to know anything else about it?
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Blue and The Last Colony. Have you read those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter. She is a TV producer.
Yes, Phantom of The Opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I'll send it right now.
Yeah, I think she is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
Oh yes, I love that one. I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I'll check it out, thanks for the info. I am going to listen to it now.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes, he did and Christopher Nolan also directed the film The Prestige.
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is also classified as Sci-Fi and Fantasy and the genre is Comedy.
It is a Sci-Fi film.
Enjoy the movie.
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. Did you know Dani Alves won a Nobel Prize for Fiction and the Brazilian Football Team?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. Did you see them play at the AT&T Stadium?
I don't follow football much so I don't know how they are doing this season but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
That's not true. I think they're doing well this year as always.
Would you wish me to recommend a book by Nicholas Sparks, who writes young adult fiction?
This book was originally published in 1850 and was actually made into a film that was released in 1838.
I don't know anything else. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
It also has social criticism. Do you enjoy that genre?
I don't really know anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Kierra Cass is an author. Some of her works include The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read those?
Sure, she wrote The Siren. It's also a film.
Sure. The Siren is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
Enjoy your reading!
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol. Would you like to watch that movie?
Yes, it is. It is a Action packed movie starring Tom Cruise.
The Road to El Dorado is a Romance movie.
No problem, I am glad that I could help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Historical Fiction. It has the genre of Animal Farm. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un náufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote a lot of books such as The Grapes of Wrath and The Red Pony.
It was actually written by Ralph Steadman. Would you like to know more about the book?
It's a good one. He also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I'm always happy to help.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a The Hobbit fan?
The Hobbit was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods is a drama/mystery and was released in 1997.
It is a romance/comedy. It is the sequel to The Words.
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
Think and Grown Ups has genre Young-adult fiction. what else can i do for you?
yes he was. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know that Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team.
Are you a soccer fan?
Not sure. However, the team that is where the team is located.
Aladdin was released in 2000 and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Remember the Titans and The Avenger are two good ones
You might enjoy The Witching Hour.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it's an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that it also starred Ralph Fiennes.
I am not sure of that information, but I can tell you The End of the Affair is an animated film.
Graham Greene also wrote Affair, have you seen it?
Quentin Tarantino directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
I don't know anything else he's done but you should check out Zombie's movies.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Ulrich Tukur. He is a great actor.
Starring Rupert Everett and Steve Buscemi.
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes, I like her song Super Bass. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
Did you know Nicki Minaj was influenced by a friend to Tyga?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Yes the Mortal Instruments is a series
No problem! Enjoy!
By David Sedaris, it's a novel released in 1969. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is a really funny one! It is written by David Sedaris and Denim, who also wrote When You Reach Me.
Thank you, I hope you enjoy it!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men: Apocalypse and The Wedding Planner. Have you seen those?
It is a comedy-drama film
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great, have a great day!
You're very welcome!
Did you like Blood Diamond because it was written by Jamie Lee Curtis or because it is a thriller?
Did you know that he was also in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 1999.
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Corpse Bride
The movie stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
She has starred in Thirteen Moons and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes she is! She's also in The Iron Lady.
Alright! I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
How to Train Your Dragon and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two movies you may enjoy.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, if you enjoy fiction you may want to try Undead and Unwed, Succubus Blues, or Wildwood Dancing.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Both were best-sellers.
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like Matt Damon?
The Bourne Identity starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013 and is an action movie. Do you enjoy that genre?
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Phantom of the Opera.
It is an adventure film, similar to Where the Wild Things Are.
Fernando Baldacci, who was also in Ponyo. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, the genre is an action film that is actually a film, I am not sure about it.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are two of the most known stars in that movie. It is a Romance film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Dharma Bums.
The Girl on the Train is a drama released in 2011. It stars Paula Hawkins and Kevin Spacey, have you seen it?
Your welcome and enjoy!
Of course, she also wrote Into the Water and The Reunion. I think you'll like them
Sure, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I haven't personally read it but I do know it was written by James Dashner
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue too. It's a mystery novel.
You are so welcome!
The Name of the Wind is similar to Vladimir Naokov.
I'm not sure but he is most famous for writing War and Peace
Yes,It is also written by Vladimir Naokov
It is speculative fiction
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. It is a drama film.
The author is a Geisha is the third book in the series.
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it is!
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in Horton Hears a Who!
OMG, I'm not sure about that. Is she a celebrity?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There are so many great books to choose from! That's a really good one. It is a classic and a great choice.
That's right! Would you like to know more about the book?
That's a great family movie. The movie is starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl.
He's been in a lot of movies. Then you might like Kung Fu Panda 2 and Monsters Inc.
That's right. He was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven is a romance novel by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Charlie Sheen is the star of Cheaper by the Dozen.
It was released in 2003 and is also a film.
You are looking for a trailer, or you want a movie with 12 trailers.
You are Welcome!
It stars Christian Bale as well as James Cameron. Are you a fan of the Terminator?
Yes, he was. That is a great movie. If you like her, also check out The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know, but I do know that Glenn Morshower starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Sure. If you like Robin Givens, also check out The Women of Brewster Place and Oprah Winfrey.
Natascha McElhone is an actor, she starred in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen those?
The Truman Show was released in 2003 and is starring Jim Carey. Do you like him?
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller/thriller which was released in 1997.
It is Non-Fiction, which was released in 1998
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is speculative fiction/fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Great! Do you need me to send it to you?
Enjoy!
Do you want to play it for you?
He's directed a lot of movies. He's been in such films as Eraserhead, Mulholland Drive, Lost Highway and produced Inland Empire,
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie.
Idiocracy stars Tom Waits and Kevin Corrigan.
It was released in 1990 and was directed by David Lynch.
Sure. I will add that right now.
you are welcome
Yes, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote World Without End.
How about Tender is the Night? It's a classic.
I am not sure about that. However, I know that it is a great movie with Toni Morrison in it.
Your welcome
She starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Are you a fan of animated films?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
I know only that she is from Belgium and her sister Serena. I know she has a record 23 grand slam singles titles.
I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is the owner of the Miami Dolphins.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960. Do you like that genre?
Ok, then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird written by Harper Lee, it is fiction and was released in 2000.
Sure, have a great day.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I've only heard about her because she's a very talented person. She writes, composes, produces, produces, produces....she does it all.
I didn't know that. That's a good fact. She's also married to Cary Hart who was in the movie Spy Next Door. Do you know that?
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it's a movie with Sandra Bullock in it. Do you like her?
The O.C. Wedding is also a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is the first book in the series.
Your welcome
Yes, he plays football. He was born Santa Marta. Do you like football?
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a football fan?
Yes, he was also on FC Porto as well.
I love her! She is very talented. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
I think Brett Ratner is an actor. I wonder if she starred in Hair Show.
I'm not sure about her but Al Pacino was in Shark Night, which is a thriller.
The Glass Castle was a great book. It is considered a memoir. Another memoir is Running with Scissors. It's similar to one called Running with Scissors.
That one was released in 2003. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Alice Sebold wrote The Love of the World. Have you read that one?
It is considered a fiction novel.
That is a very good one. It is also considered a dystopian fiction.
Yes, you are correct
you are welcome
I know she plays tennis. I think she was upset she lost the match with Lisa Raymond.
You know, I don't really follow tennis, but I do know that she is married to Shoaib Malik
I'm not sure, but I think Hantuchova is a good athlete.
Yes, he was. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Then you might like The Dark World. It's part of the Wizard's First Rule series.
That's starring Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot. Would you like to know more about the actor?
I hope you like it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also stars in the movie Troy Garity
Yes, he did. He is also in Elizabethtown, which is a thriller.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You may want to check that out. It's a speculative fiction.
I haven't read that one but if you like that one, you may enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read that one?
He directed a movie called Spider-Man 2 and Monsters Inc. Have you seen them?
Yes. John Sayles also wrote X-Men. I haven't seen that one.
It is a Romantic Comedy.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Do you know any other players in the world?
I think it is pretty good. It is a comedy-drama if you like that.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to the Tiffany's.
Other movies that you might like include The Shawshank Redemption and The Gift. Would you like to watch those?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's an autobiography that is also considered children's literature.
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote the World Without End.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy stars Ethan Hawke and Fifty Shades of Grey. It's an action movie.
Yes, Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, and it's a very funny film.
This is a book written by Ralph Steadman who also wrote Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
Hunter S Thompson wrote Winter's Bone and The Poker House. They are action films.
I think it was a political thriller as well.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue and The Last Runaway. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997 by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
I don't know if it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and it was released in 1996. Have you seen it?
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist is considered a psychological thriller and was released in 2012. Do you like those types of movies?
Great, do you like National Lampoons?
Great, do you also like Woody Allen too?
Yes, Dan Gilroy is the member of the 2012 PGA Championship. He plays golf. Do you like golf?
Ginnifer Lewis and Dan Gilroy
It is a romantic comedy
Dead Zone is similar to Matt Damon
have you watch All the Real Girls
welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends was released in 1975. Do you like poetry?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Breaking Dawn
There are so many great books to choose from! Some of them are The Giving Tree, The Missing Piece and The Giving Tree.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know any of her songs. I do like Taylor Swift! Did you know she is friends with Taylor Swift?
Yes, I agree. Did you know he is also an actor?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It is a historical novel released in 1999. It is the second book of the Seabiscuitcuit: The Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Seabiscuit is the second book in the Legend of Tarzan series.
You are welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Liam Neeson, and Jenna Boyd.
Yes, it is a Transcendence with musical themes. Do you like them?
You are welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Do you like Heroic Fantasy genres?
William Shakespeare has written a book called The Name of the Wind.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver. Both are Young-adult fiction.
Yes! He is a great soccer player with Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position.
He is from Liverpool and plays soccer
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu player
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I'm a fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Oh for sure. I don't follow football much so I don't know much about the other players.
pitch perfect is starring Matt Damon. Do you like the movie pitch perfect?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White Oleander and The Muppets.
That is an excellent movie. You can try The Negotiator or The Left Hand Of Darkness.
Sure. How about White House Down?
Some other comedies that you may enjoy are: World Without End, Twisted, and Wet Hot American Summer.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a good actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Phantom. Are you familiar with those films?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the India national cricket team?
Not really, I don't follow it much. I prefer American Football, but I do know that Suresh Raina is another player of mine.
Yes, he is, and he is also a musician. Do you know any of his games?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction that was released in 1987
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are similar books
You are very welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. I don't follow soccer much.
I think I remember when he was on the Spain national team. Do you know anything about football?
He did indeed! I love Louis van Gaal who is my favorite player. I think he is a great player.
Yes, and he also coached the Netherlands national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes, Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight and The Return of the King. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Defending Jacob. Have you read that one?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like this author?
I have not, but E.L. James also wrote The Shadows Wider. Have you read it?
Bared to You is a young-adult fiction book
Bared to You was released in April of 2012
Ok, enjoy the book!
Yes, he wrote Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction book, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it is a film adaptation , what do you like about this book
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A True Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Most Incredible Rescue Mission of World War Idol.
You're welcome!
Sure, he is a very good basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart. He also wrote The Incredibles.
Yes, he produced Braveheart as well as The Golden Compass
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Enjoy and have a great day
Martin Gardener wrote The Good Earth which is a Fiction work. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1974.
Its a non-fiction book. Do you like fiction?
No problem! Have fun!
I'm not a huge fan of the Redskins but I do know they are owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder.
Yes, that's right. John Fox is the coach of the Oakland Raiders. Did you like the Raiders?
I don't think so, but if you like him, he's also playing for the Oakland Raiders.
Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Tracy Chevalier. It's a drama and a similar book.
No. It has a genre Biography and Thriller.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also made Zoolander. Ben Stiller starred in that. It's a very good movie.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know about other movies starring Tom Cruise?
Jane Eyre is also a comedy-dramas.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
There was a movie similar to My Own Heart's Blood, which was released in 2011.
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Robert Pattinson starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I think they have done really well in the AFC West. Their coach Tom Thibodeau was really good
Yes, the Steelers have been in a long time, but the team has won quite a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also directed both Fair Game and The Bourne Identity.
I'm not sure, but John Liam also directed Pride and Prejudice. It's a great film.
I do not know who did the music for Fair Game. Do you know Jack Nicholson starred in it?
John Powell also starred in Water for Elephants which was a television miniseries.
Yes, he does. He also starred in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty Piggy.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number?.
Yes it was. It's also written by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a Sci-Fi movie. Are you into Sci-Fi movies?
It's a good movie. Gary Oldman also starred in Zombieland. Are you into Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. He also directed 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
The movie was released in 1999 and was directed by Sullivan Stapleton.
You might like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, but they're both fantasy and adventure films.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City, New York City and died in 2012.
You're welcome!
I know that they are owned by Magic Johnson. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Magic Johnson is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Broncos. Are you a basketball fan?
That's good to know! I haven't followed them as much as they once, but I do know that they are very good business men as well as supermodels.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred Robert Louis Stevenson, Viggo Mortensen, and Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about Mervyn Peake?
Yes, do you want to know more movies written by Robert Louis Stevenson?
You're welcome. I'll add it to your list.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
There are many good ones such as Their Eyes Were Watching God and Cicely Tyson.
She wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess.
I don't know about Paul Pogba-do, but I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, I would like to learn about the football down there.
I actually don't know much about football either. I do know he is married to Gisele.
Yes, He is an author who wrote Das Parfum, he also an author and a screen writer.
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical Fiction and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
OK would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I don't show that information, but I do know it was written by Anne Tyler.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes who also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also stars in Seven Psychopaths.
I do! She is also in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Charlize Theron. O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by William Shakespeare.
She also starred in the movie Thirteen.
She also starred in the movie True Romance.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The genre is Science Fiction
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly which was also released in 2010
Yes, that is a great book written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman. Are you interested in them?
2012 was a great movie. It is a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
Do you like the movie because it is an action movie?
Well then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a crime fiction action movie.
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is sci-fi
Interstellar starred Charlie Hunnam and Bill Murray. It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It had Kevin Spacey in it. Did you know he also starred in Catwoman?
She has also starred in Aftermath at the end of the World.
Sorry, I can't help you with that.
Yes he is a very good tennis player. He is a very good tennis player.
No, I've never been to a match. I haven't really been to a sports game so I should definitely check it out.
It is! Who is your favorite player?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he wrote Le Petit Prince.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of War, and Action Film.
Logan is a superhero movie and is also a superhero movie.
Absolutely! Enjoy
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Right now he wrote X-Men 2. That's a good one.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather also starred Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola.
The Godfather was released in 1998 and was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall.
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of that book. The Dead Zone was released in 1996.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She wrote A Piece of the World.
No. All of the books are written by Christina Kline
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
He has also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Dead Zone is also a action movie that is similar to Hot Fuzz. If you like action films you should watch it.
Yes, it is a thriller and suspense movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he is a lyricist
I like him as well when he comes to music. What's your favorite song of his?
That is so cool, I'll have to check him out. Did you know he was influenced by his co-writer Shailene Woodley?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
I can help with that and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. The movie stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller.
You might enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, or The Book of Mormon.
Absolutely! Other great ones are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, and Water for Elephants.
Yes, it was written by Hunter S. Thompson and stars Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. It's a great movie.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is directed by Peter Wachowski
Yes, he also starred in Twilight
It is a drama/mystery starring Charlize Theron
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Who is your favorite player?
It was amazing. It was a great year for them. Have you been to any of the games. It's a lot of fun to watch.
Do you enjoy this film since it has Nicole Kidman in it?
I did not watch that movie, but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Do you like this movie because it is an action movie?
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player. He is the current coach for the film Young Adult. Have you seen it?
He has done a lot in thrillers. He starred in The Scout, Whiplash and Uptown Girls. Have you seen either of those?
It also stars Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It's an all-star cast!
Ronan Bennett was one of the actress of Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy starred in it.
Oh yes, I see him in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but he was in The Rum Diary which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Okay, can I help you with anything else?
Fugitive stars Selena Gomez, Selena Gomez and Selena Gomez.
I don't know that information, but Daniel Roebuck was in The Fugitive.
Sounds like a plan.
The Fugitive was also directed by him.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive as well as Harrison Ford. Do you like his movies?
Enjoy your movies!
J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It's children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you a fan of his?
VIn Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Have you seen them?
I will add to your watch list. Thank you
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote A Modest Proposal. Have you read it?
Yes that's true. Do you like him? He has starred in a movie called Made.
That is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, and he also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2
I'm not sure but he does star in The Gazebo, which is a thriller.
The Gazebo is a drama film also starring Paul Mazursky
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. Do you like Stephen King films?
Sure. It stars Seth MacFarlane and it has a genre of Comedy-drama, and it has the genre of Comedy-drama
Seth MacFarlane also wrote Monsters University, what else can i help you with
Skyfall stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Men in the Moon, The Second Civil War and The Shawshank Redemption.
Mark Wahlberg produced this movie as well and it is an Action/Thriller.
It is a Romantic Comedy and is also classified as Romance.
Yes, I do recommend the movie Adventure.
You as well!
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris and is Speculative fiction. Do you like it because of the genre or the author?
That's also a part of a series. I heard she's a pretty good writer for sure.
Dead to the World is a good one by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I am a huge fan of him. He directed the movies Three Kings. Are you a fan of his?
It is listed as a psychological thriller and action film. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
Yes she was, along with Danny DeVito. It is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. That was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that author?
I am not sure, but I know he was in The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't have that information. But if you like young adult fiction, The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008
One that I know of is World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars. Do you like zombie movies?
It was released in 2004.
Absolutely! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those?
You should watch it. It's a thriller too.
You have a great day!
Yes I do, he wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Detectives.
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, it was and he also wrote Bridge to Terabithia.
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it was written by Tom Cruise or because it starred Tom Cruise?
Tom Cruise produced Vanilla Sky and Days of Thunder.
Happy to help
My pleasure, give it a watch!
Great! I hope you like it!
Yes, he's also an actor who starred in Shrek Forever and Crazy Heart.
Yes, he also wrote Holden Scott. Did you know he's also an actor?
Yeah I do and I will add it to your watch list. Thanks for the information.
Yes it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like Thunderball, check out The Hunting Party. It is very funny.
Yes, it is also a film, it is also a film.
I know that he is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team
I believe the team is coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't really follow soccer.
You're Welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes he did. Onze minutos was released in 1899 and is in the English language.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen these movies?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays the midfielder.
A little bit, they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Do you watch them play ?
I like to watch basketball. What about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! Who is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book and book written by Kurt Vonnegut.
Yes, the Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki and Takashi Shimura.
Yes, she's also starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about that movie?
He is an actor who starred in the movie The Perfect Score.
Sure. Other movies in that genre include Two for the Money and The Son of Neptune.
Do you want to know anything else about the movie?
They're pretty bad, I prefer Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I haven't seen it, but that's a great movie with Ned Beatty in it.
Yes, I have! Jerry Maguire was also in Jerry Maguire.
I'm also into Thriller/Horror movies.
He directed the Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
It is a fantasy film and the genre is action. Do you like this genre?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R.J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, that's right! She also wrote Wonder Woman.
There are so many great ones that came out in 2014, including Winter's Bone, The Last Stand, and The Valley of Horses
Ozma of Oz was also released that year
I recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, but i dont know of any of them
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine
She is an author who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan and The Wardrobe.
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1895.
You can try The Lightning Thief or The Fault in Our Stars.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Persuasion is part of a series. Another similar book is Sense and Sensabilitiy and Jane Austen
Yes, if you enjoy romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he starred in the comedy A Beautiful Mind and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You may like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Ugly Truth.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, the most popular one of her works is in Russian. Any other questions I can help with?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a classic movie! It's regarded as one of the best Fantasy Drama films.
He is a great actor! He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen them?
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I like novels, like The Lake of Dreams, The Secrets of a Fire King and The Lake of Dreams.
That is correct. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
He starred in What's Your Number?, which is a Romantic Comedy Film.
Terry Pratchett and Anna Kendrick also starred in it. It is a romantic comedy/crime/comedy.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
It is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes he is. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby
I am happy to help.
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, but I know he is from Switzerland and plays tennis
Yes, he has competed in the 2012 Olympics
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a fictional miniseries written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1982.
Yes, you're in luck there is a sequel for The Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It is considered children's literature, and children's literature.
Nancy Cartwright is the author of this book.
Do you like dark movies? Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series.
It is a movie. Wes Craven starred in both The Shining and The Killing.
Yes he does he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Happy to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
Yes. She released the book; The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Simpsons in 1998
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are so many great children's literature that you may enjoy, including The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
I think that is a great book by Lois Lowry. It was turned into a film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1997
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to the movie.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen them?
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, and Emily Watson.
It's a War film.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I think the Seahawks will actually make it to the Super Bowl XLVII
N'Golo Kante is my current favorite player, how about yours?
No, but I'll have to go to the Seahawks next year.
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Kevin Corrigan directed Fog City Mavericks.
I don't see any other movies he directed but I do know that he wrote Fog City Mavericks.
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
Yes, he is the one who starred in Thor. The Dark Knight is another good one. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote this book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
by John Lee Hancock?
Robert Duvall played the main character character. Do you like his movies?
He was also in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Sure, it comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like those genres?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse. Both are great books.
It's Young-adult fiction, similar to The Lightning Thief, have you read that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She's been in a lot of movies. She was in Thirteen Reasons and The Wrestler. Have you seen them?
The Truth About Forever, The Moon and More are her books. Have you read any of them?
That was written by Sara Dessen and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
The Prestige was produced by Christopher Nolan who also directed Inception.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a war novel. Do you like this author?
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Absolutely! Enjoy and have a great day.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He is a really good businessman and Entrepreneur as well.
That's right. I didn't know he was a professional basketball player as well.
Sure! Divergent, The Hunger Games, and The Giver are similar.
Yes. John Green wrote it and the sequel to The Fault in Our Stars.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
Yes, it was written by Mary Higgins Clark who also wrote Paper Towns.
Enjoy!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes stars Gerard Butler and it is considered a comedy. The genre is considered Romantic Comedy. Does that help?
It was released in 2010.
Enjoy!
Yes, she is famous for The Joy Luck Club. The Joy Luck Club Stars Amy Tan.
Yes, it's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, and it's also considered a Gothic fiction.
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Ben Stiller and Larry Crowne. I highly recommend it.
I don't have any more information on that one. I do know Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall played him.
I'm not sure but Bruce Willis was in it as well. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Yes. Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man and Kung Fu Panda 2.
Matt Damon and Chester Bennington were in it. Do you like them?
It appears to be a comedy.
Your welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another Jane Austen book?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a novel. Paint It Black is an English language book that was turned into a movie starring Paint It Black.
You are very welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is an Indian film director, producer, and director. He directed Yojimbo. Do you like his movies?
He starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and Akira. Have you seen either of those?
Seven Samurai stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
I will do that.
Steve Kloves directed the movie. Would you like to know more about him?
he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That is correct. He also wrote The Invisible Man.
That's right! He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Okay, maybe you should check it out I'll add it to your list
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane is a comedy star and was released in 1988.
Your welcome!
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
There's Wyrd Sisters or Twilight that you might like.
You're welcome.
Yes! He is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, he did! That one is a great book. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1843.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your reading list.
Enjoy the books!
I see him listed as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I do. Do you know who is your favorite player?
I do like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins
No, I haven't. Do you want to go to basketball?
I have not seen it I know that it was written by William Nicholson
He directed The Importance of Being Earnest, which is a really good movie. Have you seen it?
No, they're comic movies. If you liked that one, I think you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We are the Living and Atlas Shrugged
The book was released in 1957 as a reference book and it is also a biography.
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy novel. Is that what you are looking for?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are very welcome!
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he's also included in that movie and The Little Prince. It's a family comedy.
He's been in a number of films including The Jungle Book, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and The Maze Runner.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Are you a fan of James Patterson who wrote 1st to Die?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is, similar to Wuthering Heights and Wyrd Sisters. They are very good fiction books.
Great, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I do know that the team is located in Oakland, California.
No. I'm not a huge fan of the basketball. But I do know that it's located in San Francisco.
I like football as well, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I do. He is a quarterback and was born in Chicago.
That's right. Bridget Moynahan was in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 1866, the same year as The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was released.
Enjoy!
Did you know that it stars Keanu Reeves or Jeffrey Jones?
Denzel Washington and Josh Hutcherson starred in Blood Out.
It was released in 1999 and is a drama.
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
You might enjoy Young adult films, such as The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English and written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Yes, she did and it's in the Science Fiction genre.
That's the only one I know of by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877 in England. She was also an actress and a musician.
Your welcome.
Yeah, I like them a lot, I like the song Tree of Life. Do you know that one?
Yes he does. He also played the guitar in the movie The Voice. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a show and also a comedy as well.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I can't find similar books, but if you like her Kline, she also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Keanu Reeves starred in this movie. It's a romantic comedy.
I believe it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes. There are many great Adventure movies including Back to the Future with Lea Thompson.
Yes,CH Pounder is an author. He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner.
Yes, he did. It's Cassandra Clare, and Kevin Zegers also played in it.
Yes, I think you'd like to see it.
Yes, Zodiac is a crime and drama film as well.
Sure, add them to your playlist.
I love Russel Wilson. He was great in The Matrix Revolutions. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he does. Did you know he was born in Cincinnati?
Not really, a big football fan so I'd like to watch it again.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Fountain.
Ponyo stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
It's a Greek Wedding and was produced by Hayao Miyazaki.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in Green Zone which is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
I recommend Lock, Stock, and Two for the Money. I think you'll like these.
LOL! I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2010. Do you like that type of movie?
Sure! Do you like it because of the genre of movie?
I know he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
He actually played for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
That would be good for them.
Sure! Bruce Willis wrote, directed and starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
The better one that comes to mind is What Just Happened to Goodbye. Have you seen it?
Richard E. Grant and Eva Green both star in that movie. Are you a fan of them?
I am not sure about that, but you might want to check it out. Let me know if you need anything else.
Done! Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Clint Eastwood also wrote Gran Torino. It was also a film produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
I don't have that information but Cory Hardrict starred in that as well as Cory Hardrict.
Kevin Corrigan starred in this movie as well as Cory Hardrict. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
The Wheel of Time is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
It was released in 2005, and it's a crime fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies from the Walt Disney company?
One of my favorites is The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend other movies she's starred in. The Santa Clause, Before Chest, and Two Weeks Notice.
The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide and The Memory of Earth. Do you like those types of books?
It is a great book. Try The Memory of Earth and The Lost Gate if you haven't read them.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in the movie Three Kings
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He has also starred in the Star Wars films as well as the Avengers. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Some similar movies are: Back to the Future, Fast and Furious
your welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol in 4th grade. Did you see that one? It starred Jim Carrey.
It is a Christmas movie. Then you might like it, it's a classic.
The Black Cat is a fantasy. Does that genre interest you?
Ok. Then you might like World Without End.
It is a nice book.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, they were actuallydrafted to the New York Jets.
I'm not sure but I can tell you that John Madden was actuallydrafted for the New England Patriots.
I did not know that. I will have to look it up.
Watership Down is written by Dick Hill. Do you enjoy fantasy books?
Yes, that is correct. The Lord of the Rings and the Fellowship of the Ring is speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of this genre is The Return of the King.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I would say they are a good team. Who is your favorite player?
Brad Pitt wrote Troy, The Tree of Life, and The Tree of Life. Do any of these sound interesting?
I recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End.
It is a great movie. Patrick Stewart and Omar Benson both starred in it. Do you like them?
Sure, enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I know it stars Kenny Baker and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you haven't seen it yet?
It's starring Charlize Theron and Tom Wilkinson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Oh yes, she's very talented. I'll add it to your watch list!
Yes. It's a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun. It is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt was in it as well.
True Believer and A Walk to Remember are written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author. Have you read it?
No, The Last Song is a non-fiction book written by Nicholas Sparks.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Thank you for the recommendation I have to watch Wildcats. I did enjoy it.
Yes, he is great. I think he was also in Couples Retreat. Have you seen it?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great series. Other great Sci-fi movies are The Avengers, Avatar, and Ovatar
I think he actually starred in the Sci-Fi movie the Avenger was a great action movie also. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but he was in Dante's Peak too.
Enjoy!
I would. Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. It was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber.
William Scott starred in Forest House and Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen them?
Great, you may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV - The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing also starred in The Search of America.
The Voyage Home stars Gary Lockwood and Amy Warren. It is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
The Golden Compass is a good movie that is similar to the Inside Man. Have you seen it?
That stars Johnny Depp and is a thriller, I think you would enjoy it.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and The Spanish National Team.
Yes, the sport is American Football and tennis is great. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Venus has won a world No. 1 on the WTA tour now.
I don't really know much about them to be honest. I don't watch much basketball but when I do it's the Celtics.
I think so, actually he is a point guard. I don't know much about him.
Yes, he did
Memento is a movie starring Christopher Nolan. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers. Do you like adventure movies?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a The Hobbit fan?
Then you will probably like The Hobbit series. It is a Fantasy genre film directed by Peter Jackson.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
added. Glad I could help.
Great. Glad I could help.
James Harden is a Basketball Athlete who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Yes, he's actually won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
That's right, he's also on the Los Angeles Lakers. Do you like basketball?
Harrison Ford and Ray Winstone starred in it. Are you a fan of any other actors?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure The Legend of Tarzan and The Farthest Shore
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by John Stone and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
Yes, some of her books are Young-adult fiction and Vanilla Sky.
Sure, The maze Runner is a thriller and The Scorch Trials is next in the series. Do you like thrillers?
Young adult fiction is The Scort Runner. The Scort Runner is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor and Ki Hong Lee.
OK, I'm always here to help.
Sure! Two of my favorites are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Perhaps you would like to try The Truth About Forever, or The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
He is a great actor, most of his movies are Thrillers like The House of Mirth and Lolita.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Sam Neill ,Keenan Wynnon, Jamie Fox
Jamie Foxx also starred in The Last Stand and Witness.
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance books?
Yes, he's an excellent writer. He wrote Message in a Bottle and Dear John. Have you read them?
I don't have that information. However, it looks like Message in a Bottle was released in 1997.
It was Message in the BFG and it was Message in the BFG.
Yes, he is one of the authors. He wrote many books including "Towers of Midnight" and "The Wheel of Time."
You are very welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Stephenie Meyer. It's a great book.
It's a very popular book that has also written by Mark Cotta Vaz.
You are quite welcome, goodbye.
Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Thirteen Moons and Good in Bed.
Are you referring to Chris Bigsby because he wrote The Crucible and All My Son?
Yes, he is a great writer. He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes he also wrote The Crucible, The Man in the Iron Mask, and The World of Ice and Fire, just to name a few.
Yes, you're very welcome! Have a great day!
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
They are. It's a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They are ok. They just won Super Bowl XXXV Super Bowl XXVIII.
Lolita wrote Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko, have you read that one?
It is written in English and released in 1962.
I do as well. Enjoy
you are welcome
Yes, I think he is a good singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also starred in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, I have. It's a great movie with Ben Stiller in it. It's one of my favorite actors.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy, which are great books.
It was released in 2014 and is the second book in the Harry Potter series.
That was an autobiography that was made into a movie about Johnny Depp. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it was released in 1998 and is an autobiography that was also made into a movie starring Elie Wiesel.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm showing that it is in English.
Sorry, I can't find that information. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're very welcome.
Total Recall is a thriller and science fiction movie. Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same director?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team right?
Who is your favorite basketball player?
I haven't seen it but I've heard of it. Is it a comedy genre?
Nope. I'll have to watch some shows.
Yes. Gordon Ramsey was a great actor and producer.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger.
Yes, she did. It also starred Demi Lovato.
It was released in 1999 and its an action film, directed by David Fincher.
You got it!
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I don't know any other movies he directed, but I do know that he is also a musician and film producer.
He produced The Fault in Our Stars, along with Rob Reiner.
Your welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet.
They both seem to be fiction.
You are welcome!
I like her song Spring Breakers. Would you like to hear more of her songs?
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but I do know that Selena Gomez was also in The Muppets!
It's a psychological thriller. She's a little dark but a bit dark.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was an actor? He starred in The Lorax and Tusk?
I couldn't find that information, but the Red Sox won the World Series in 2011.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Red Sox and the Sox beat them this year?
It would be called San Diego Chargers. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
No, I don't know. I know Tiger won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That's interesting. I think Phil Mickelson was the winner of the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament was right?
Yes, the movie Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor.
It is written by Terry Pratchett and starring Jeremy Renner
Sure thing!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill
No, that's where they play.
I do like college football. who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Aguero Aguero Aguero plays football, but I do know he's married to Sergio Aguero.
I know that Aguero is also a politician who plays for the Manchester United F.C. team. I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they're really good.
I really don't know much about soccer. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book you might enjoy is El otoo del patriarca.
Yes, it is written in English and is also written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is also a thriller and was released in 2012.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It's also a fiction novel.
No problem, I am here for you.
Yes, I do. Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks. It is a Mystery/Crime Fiction movie.
OK. Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants are also Romance Films.
The Time Traveler's Wife was written by Ernest Hemingway. I haven't seen that one either.
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Ok, some great thrillers you may enjoy are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, some of the actors are Charlie Sheen, Ian McKellen, and Kevin Spacey.
Enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author, Lisa See?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical fiction and Children's Literature.
It sure is! I haven't read anything by her either. Have you heard of Snow Flower and the Lake that's one of my favorites!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a badminton player. I believe he plays both for the Mumbai Indians and he also plays badminton. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, she was.
You are correct. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is the same author who wrote Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
I agree. I like Romeo and Juliet, too. He has written many great works.
No, she's also written a book called A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a play.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like me to recommend other books by her?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's a great singer and song writer. Did you know he was also a musician?
I think she's a good actress too! Did she star in The Muppets?
Did you know that Takashi Shimura starred in that as well?
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either of them?
James Franco and Ben Stiller also starred in The Aviator. It is a sci-fi film.
He also starred in Good Will Hunting with Kristen Stewart. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok! Enjoy!
True Grit and Man of Steel are two good movies he directed.
Yes, she is also in that movie. It is a drama and a crime movie.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
It's a Family Saga and Children's Literature. Do you like those types of books?
The Swan Thieves is a fantasy and young adult fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome!
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
no i dont. what sport do you like?
so do i. do you like any tennis players?
i just like to watch basketball movies like Space Jam and Basketball. what about you?
i agree they are great. who is your fav player?
i think he's a good athlete. do you like any other sports ?
I think they're a pretty good team. Do you follow football?
The star of the Red Sox are the current quarterback for the Falcons.
Me either really, I like the New York Jets and the New York Jets.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
I do! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and is in the English language. It was released in 1958.
Yes. The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes, Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men 2. He also starred in Corpse Bride
Yes. William Lee Scott also starred in The Titans and Mr. Woodcock.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy
This band stars Johnny Depp and Keith Gordon. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did also appear in Kiss of the Dragon.
I don't have any idea. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Not really but I know they are owned by Tom Brady and owns the Patriots.
Ha ha! What a title to win! Does he have a brother named Tian?
Oh I forgot to mention it. Yeah, the team is playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow! Thanks for all the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Jodi Picoult.
That is an interesting fact. He also directed Unstoppable and The King.
That movie is a drama. Do you enjoy watching drama?
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was actually released in 2008. Do you like Tiggy Winkle?
It actually has a profession. Beatrix Potter is also a film producer and a director. He has written his own roles as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and it is a thriller.
He also starred in Girl, Interrupted and Cop Land.
That is a thriller. It is starring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
It is a romantic drama. I think you would enjoy it.
That is a romantic comedy. Do you like Sandra Bullock as well?
Alice In Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote Batman Forever.
Carroll also wrote The World According to Garp. What else can I do for you today?
OK. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles is also written by John Logan, who also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Yes, Charlie Hunnam and Kristen Stewart starred in Ratatouille. It's a family friendly movie.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I'm a fan, isn't it? I guess I've heard of it. I really like it. It's a great game.
I do, the Denver Nuggets are my favorite team!
I like basketball and baseball.
I'm not a big fan of the New Orleans Saints, but I do know that it's a Major League Baseball team.
I do. It is a very good movie starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
Did you know she won the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice. She's very talented!
There are so many great music options for you, I prefer Heavy metal and rock, you like that?
Sure! That was written by John Logan and stars Jim Carrey and Michelle Pfiefer. It was released in 2006.
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan. Do you like his movies?
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and stars Morgan Freeman, who also stars in the thriller The Innocent which is also a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary Starred Matt Damon, Drew Barrymore, and Christian Bale. It is also considered Crime Fiction
Happy to help!
Well, just that he's a really good golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
That's right! He is a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I haven't played golf though, I do like baseball. Do you have any favorite players?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Kate Beckinsale.
You're Welcome to the Monkey House, We are all Serenity.
You're welcome!
It is also a Sci-Fi and Action Film. You'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in such films as Night at the Museum and Maleficent.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron. Did you know he also wrote Be Kind Remind?
Yes, Maroon 5 is a group of singers. PJ Morton and Mickey Madden are a few members.
I like their song Almost Perfect. Have you heard it?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan. Did you see him in The Wiz? It's one of my favorites.
I didn't know that! Are you a fan of hers?
That's good to add to your watch list.
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
How are they doing this season? I do not really know a lot about soccer, but I know he's really good, I prefer American football.
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know he's married to Giancarelli. He's a very good player.
Shrek is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
28 Days After is a thriller movie, do you like thriller movies?
Randall Park is one of the main stars in this movie.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Lea Thompson is the main actor in Wild Life. It is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in Wild Life. Have you seen it?
She wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
Hush hush is a fantasy book
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but the movie was directed by Nick Cassavetes
He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie Tootsie
I'm not sure who starred in Monsters, Inc. But it's funny too.
you too
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is an action film released in 2003. It is also a snowboarder film.
Yes! Rango is an action film. It is also a thriller. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum, Don't you think?
Ride Along has a genre of comedy and is directed by Steven Spielberg.
That is very true. It is also considered a comedy and you should watch it.
I'm sorry but I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is it the book that was written by Nancy Bond?
Good to know! The Tale of the Body Thief is written by John Steinbeck, I think you will enjoy it!
It's a great book in the Vampire Chronicles. It's a great one!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction.
I don't know when the book was released.
I'm always happy to help.
She is an author who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is an historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
Definitely! Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was a comedy?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I believe it is a non fiction genre. Another book you might like is Into The Wild.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a romance film written by Louis Sachar. It also stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might enjoy A Very Long Engagement and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I know he composed We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby which are some of his latest songs.
Yes, he is. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
He is with the United States of America and is a celebrity friend to Tyga
Marlon Brando is known for starring in the movie The Young Lions and the Wild One. Have you seen these?
He's also in The Young Lions too and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I'd like to watch it! Viva Zapata is a drama, and The Young Lions is a drama film.
Are you referring to the basketball player who plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Thanks for the info, I am unsure if that's true.
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is a original story.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Italian actor, in a lot of westerns.
Markus Zusak also starred in Machine Gun. He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
No she did not. She also starred in The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie and the head coach.
Enjoy!
Under the Tuscan Sun is a good one! It's a romantic comedy.
I can tell you that it is a book that was made into a movie starring Tim John Kravitz and was released in 2002.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a director.
Ok great movie and you got it.
you are correct it also starring John Lennon
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Well then you might like World War Z. It's a crime movie.
I don't have that information, but if you like adventure movies you may want to check out Zodiac or World War Z.
It is a blockbuster and a movie starring Tom Hardy and Natalie Portman.
It is an animated movie with Woody Harrelson.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It came out in 1937. The Blue Castle came out in 1985.
The Shadow Rising was also released in 1926. Have you read it?
Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one?
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
I'm not sure, but you might also enjoy Under the Tuscan Sun.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you interested in other works by him?
Yes, he did and it was released in 2005. He also directed it.
Would you like to hear of other horror movies written by Peter Jackson?
You're welcome!
I know he is a musician who composed the song Night of Your Life. Have you heard that song?
I do like his music. Did you know he was from France?
I like Julia Roberts. She has a great song called Love Takes Over.
I'll add that song to your list.
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure do you like Alone With Her because it is an action movie?
you are very welcome have a good day
you are welcome have a great day
It's a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl.
It came out in 2012.
I don't have any other suggestions for that, but if you like Sci-Fi you might want to check out One Minute Manager.
You are welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football player for the Wales National Football team.
Yes that is true. Is that a sport you enjoy watching?
I do like American football as well.
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I know he is a musician and athlete.
Yes, he's a good actor. He starred in No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy-drama. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he did. Lee also directed The Hate Me, which is a comedy.
Sure, Sue Monk Kidd appeared in some movies including The Golden Compass and The Shawshank Redemption.
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is very good at the moment. Did you know she is also a scientist?
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes what do you like about Barbara Kingsolver?
It is a Historical fiction and Speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction book released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. I really like her song Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. What about you?
I believe so. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
I don't think so. I've seen Ashton Kutcher in a comedy too. Are you a fan of his?
Do you like this book because of it's author Charlaine Harris?
The book falls under the same category as Dead to the World. Have you read it?
Sure! It is written by Charlaine Harris and is in the crime genre. It was released in 1991.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is listed as a Action/ Adventure film
Robert Pattinson starred in Skyfall and it is also a thriller
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know the team is owned by Mike Zimmer.
Oh really, I wonder if the Vikings are doing a good job with them today.
The Patriots have won quite a few Superbowls.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Zodiac is another thriller by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes I have and Tom Hollander also starred in Unfinished Business.
I do like hip hop. Did you know Tom Everetta starred in it?
I like them both. I also like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Yes and a lot of people were in that movie as well, along with Chris Brown.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I see, I'm not sure. Did you know it was written by John Green?
You are welcome!
That's a great action movie. I haven't seen it much but I do know that it's a martial arts film, like World War Z.
Olivia Wilde starred in Year One along with Jeff Bridges
It is a very interesting one! I can recommend other films if you like
Would you like to know more about Olivia Wilde?
Sure! He wrote Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
That's a sports team. It's a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I can't remember how the film was shot there!
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. It's a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2007. Would you like to watch it now?
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens.
She has a wonderful voice. She's a very talented singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, she's a very talented singer. She has a wonderful voice. She's also a voice actor. Have you seen any of the movies she's in?
Oh she is good. It looks like she competed on The New York Yankees as well
Yes, it was released earlier this year. She has a wonderful voice.
I think you'll like it
The Lord of the Rings was released in 2003.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, I think you might like it as well.
James Rodriguez is an American football player who plays point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. He plays point guard position.
Not really, I think I'm more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
He plays midfielder
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski who also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Also, The Golden Compass is a Martial Arts movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Bill Murray, Chris Rock, and Kenneth Branagh. Do you like any of the actors?
It is considered a romantic comedy as well as a comedy. You should definitely check it out.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1 together
I'm not sure but The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I do not have that information but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by David O'Hare who also directed Birdman.
I don't see any other actors in the movie, but I do see that it was directed by Frank Darabont.
Sure. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next book in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Secret Life of Bees is also in the Fantasy genre. Have you heard of it?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm a fan of Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard of it, but I heard it from a friend that sings Tik Tok and Die Young. Do you know who the song is?
Oh yeah, she's from Nashville too! I loved her in the movie The Muppets. Did you see that?
Yes, he wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
I did not know that one, but I do know it was released in 1951.
I'm not sure but I do know it was produced by William H. Macy
I don't know a lot about him. But, he won an award for NBA Rookie of the Year Award. Are you a fan of his?
The BFG is a great movie starring SteveJobs. It was released in 2002.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He's also been in The Devil Wears Prada.
That's right! Guy Kawasaki wrote a book called The Art of Mixing Colors.
I see that he wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth is a book in the genre of Romance and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
It was released in 2010
Your Welcome
I don't follow basketball that much. I do think he's a good player
I don't know if he is known for his team, I don't know if he plays the point guard. I know he was born in Chicago.
Ok. I've heard of it. I don't know if they are linked to the NBA, but I do know he is a good player.
They're pretty bad, think they were last in the NL East this past season
Do you know if that is their home venue for the New York Yankees?
I like the Washington Nationals. What is your favorite team?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's really good. I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
Yeah, that's right! I really like that movie too! It's such a poignant movie about racism, but I really like it too!
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen either of those?
It's also considered a thriller and a thriller. Do you like this genre?
The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller. They're both really good!
It's actually considered a fantasy, but I'm going to add it to your watch list. Thanks for the information!
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
You might enjoy the Indie Films, which is also a Indie Film.
It is an Indie Film that also starred James Robinson and Rebecca Hall. Have you seen it?
I do! It's an excellent book and written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z.
It's a great movie. It's stars John Ratzenberger, Ron Clements, John Ratzenberger, and Billy Zane.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
Revealed is a fantasy and Marked is also a part of a series.
I'm not sure, but I can add it to your reading list.
You could try Undead and Unwed or Unwed. Both are very good in the series.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is an adventure book?
It's a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
I'm glad to help!
I don't really like them that much but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Who is your favorite Patriots player?
Not really, I think they're a good team. They're currently in the NFC South division. They're a quarterback for them.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots player.
Gone Baby Gone is a great movie. It is also a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Do you like the movie because it is written by Peter Craig
I'm not sure who directed it but I do know Eli Craig also wrote Brave
Sounds good
I'm sorry, I do not have that information. Something else I can help you with?
many good ones are Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, World War Z and Cloverfield.
it was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Johnny Depp.
I don't know anything else he directed but he did direct the movie True Grit and The Goonies
I think Katy Perry is a great singer-songwriter. Are you a fan of hers?
That is a great movie! It stars Glenn Morshower and Dwayne Johnson.
Yes, Russel Brandt is in that movie. It's a drama, starring Katharine McPhee.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Did you know he also starred in The Wildest Dream?
Yes, great movie too! Did you know Tony Scott also starred in it?
Yes, it was written by Anne Hathaway and stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway.
I'm sorry I do not have any information on other movies that he starred in
I do, it is a great movie. It is a comedy film
Your welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy-drama and it has a genre of suspense.
The most popular one would be The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Liam Neeson
Enjoy the movies!
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. It's a science fiction film.
Yes, it was actually written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome!
Is it the movie starring Sean Penn?
Yes, he is a writer. He's also a film producer and an Actor. He was also an actor.
No problem!
Yes that's a great movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary are good ones. Have you watched them?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper. Have you heard of it?
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You are welcome!
Yes. Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Other examples are Zoe's Tale and Wyrd Sisters.
It came out in 1969.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, there is The Assassin and the Desert which are also science fiction movies. Have you seen them?
Anytime! Enjoy!
Sure! She's starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I agree. Jessica Chastain also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I think he's a soccer player and plays for the Colombia National Football team.
Ah, yes she's from Columbian. My husband really likes him. I just know he plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much. I think the team is owned by William H. Macy.
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer that is a great sport to watch. Do you like to watch?
I like football and baseball. What sport do you like?
That's right. I think Alex Ferguson was a great coach. Did you know he was born in London?
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in self-help books?
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released that year
ok great your welcome
Sure. It's a great adventure starring Larry Joe Campbell and Clifton Collins. Do you like Sci-Fi or the Fantasy genre?
I know that Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is written by John Lennon, do you like his work?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
He is also in the movie The Rum Diary have you seen it yet?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Man on the Moon is a great one. The Man with the Moon is another. Have you seen that one?
Great! You may enjoy The House of Hades which is also a Historical period drama.
Well, if you want something totally random that just happened to be released the same year, definitely give it a watch!
You are very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is quite the author. He wrote To Have and Have Not. I think he's also a great author.
It's considered a Romance and Speculative Fiction. Do you enjoy these genres?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine starring John Lennon.
That is true. Do you know that he is a musician?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Red Sox. He is a professional basketball player.
Wow, I didn't know that! What is your favorite player?
Yes, I believe he is an athlete too.
That's a great movie. The Island was written by Roberto Orci and starring Tom Everett Scott. Do you enjoy his movies?
Armageddon is a sci-fi movie you might enjoy, as it is an action movie.
Tom Everett and Jason Bateman to name a few. I think you'd enjoy it.
Glad to be of help
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times, which is a action/drama film. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, he was also in The Night Stalkers
The prestige was released also the year that he directed and wrote The Dark Knight
You're welcome!
I know that it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Barcelona National Football team.
Yes, I do. American Football is a great sport to play. What is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a great team. I am a Dallas Cowboys fan and do you like them?
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you read any of these?
Yes it is in the English language. Is that your favorite genre?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan, I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like basketball but I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
I think Houston Rockets have a rough season, but I don't know where they play. Do you have a favorite team?
I see he wrote Candide and Rapture.
I don't have that information right now. But he wrote Candide and it's also considered a musical theater.
They are both musicals. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
A.A. Milne wrote the book Winnie-the-Pooh.
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Were you aware that he is also a musician?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he's a soccer and plays the forward. Did you know he was from Liverpool?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays on the national team.
That is where the New Jersey Devils play, do you remember the game?
I know they're coached by Jose Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti.
I believe he plays for the Seattle Seahawks. Are you a fan of soccer?
Occasionally, I watch it from time to time. How about you?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
It is an adventure novel.
Not that I know of but Marina was released the same year as The Phantom Menace.
I'm not sure.
Forever after that, I don't have any additional recommendations for Spanish.
No problem!
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Red Sox and the Red Sox?
They actually haven't win a lot of Super Bowl's. Are they your favorite team?
Yes, the Mets are one of the most coached teams in the National League!
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
Marcus Mariota is a free agent. But I think he's from Nashville
No, I don't have a favorite player. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I like her. She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read it?
Trace is the author of Dune, which is also a good read.
Casey Affleck and Morgan Freeman to name a few
Yes he is! He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and Ruby in the Smoke.
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891 and it's fiction.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Some of the actors include Jim Carrey, Clint Eastwood and Melanie Griffith.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Anne Hathaway also starred in it. It's a musical theater. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it's a French film. You should check it out.
No problem! I hope you enjoy.
Yes, he's a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Oh yes, I believe he's from Ireland. Ireland is such a beautiful country.
Yes, he is. I love their music. They're both from Northern Ireland.
Yes, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like adventure movies?
It is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Great! The Island of Dr. Moreau has the genre adventure, and it was released in 2012.
Okay, enjoy!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Are you looking for a specific genre? The Neon Demon is a thriller.
The Neon Demon is written by John Carpenter and stars Johnny Depp.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she's a very talented singer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
Yes! I really like that song, too!
I like the song "Keeper" written by David Platt.
Those are the only two I know from her.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon
Fiery Cross was written by Diana Gabaldon. Would you like to know more about her books?
Sure! He's also written The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Hangover Part II which is a comedy. Do you enjoy comedy?
Hmm, I can't find any others, but I can tell you The Hangover Part II is a comedy.
I have not seen it myself.
I can't think of any basketball players. I know he is from Eureka, California.
Yes it is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like it because of the genre of the movie?
I haven't read that one but I have heard of it. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, she did. Winter Garden was released in 2013. It's a great short story.
I hope you enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe, Il Principe, and Il Principe
He wrote it in Spanish and has won many prizes for his books.
He wrote the book in English as well
There are so many to choose from!
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
She's also written The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you seen it?
It is a Romantic Comedy
The BFG is a family movie with some family movies. Have you seen it?
You are most welcome.
Steve McQueen is one of their major players though
Zooey Deschanel
I don't have information on Hardaway but I can tell you that he was drafted to the Houston Rockets as well
Yes, he is very good as well
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like thrillers like Fight Club?
Zodiac is a crime movie with a genre of suspense.
I'm not sure, but it is starring Robert Downey Jr.
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What do you think of the Texans owner Bob McNair?
That's right. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Doesn't he own the team?
That's okay. I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
He also wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2
It is in the English language and was released in 2005
Yes he also wrote  1Q84 Books 1-2
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagys.
I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you that it was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote Memoir. Do you like Memoirs?
You are welcome, goodbye.
Pacific Rim is pretty good. It was produced by Michael Bay who also directed Transformers.
Predators had genre Sci-Fi as well. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Next is Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Insurgent is starring Charlize Theron and Adam Sandler and Kate Beckensale.
Enjoy the movie!
Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
In the mood for love. He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible and All My Son
OK. You're welcome
Nathan Lane starred in a lot of movies, including Win a Date with Tad Hamilton, Win a Date with Tad Hamilton, and Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your queue?
Yes, she is! It is a comedy-drama film.
Yes! She was also in Too Big to Run, which is a comedy.
I do! He is such a great actor. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is another great one.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, to name a few.
Yes, he starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero and have you seen either of those?
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in it. Do you like her work?
Yes, it is. It's a thriller and science fiction.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
My favorite NFL team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
I don't really follow football that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I like the New England Patriots. How about you?
If you like Outlander, yes. Outlander is written by Charles Dickens.
Diana Gabaldon wrote Outlander and it's in the science fiction genre. Are you into science fiction?
Xenocide is also written by Orson Scott Card. You might enjoy Outlander.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and released in 1960.
That is a great book. The next in the series is Go Set a Watchman. Have you read it?
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. The next in that series is Go Set a Watchman.
You are welcome
They're coached by Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho. Are you a fan?
Well, I know he's a pretty good athlete. What would you think of him?
I believe he is a musician, musician and athlete. What is your favorite player?
Sure, One for the Money is written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like Kirsten Dunst?
Meg Cabot is the author of Princess Diaries.
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist
Yes, she was a great writer and Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington, Jim Sturgess and Jim Broadbent.
She also was in "It Ralph" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Great, I hope you like it!
Great!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes she did. She also starred on a TV show The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
She has starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Wolves of the Calla.
Ron Howard starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that.
He also produced Proof of Life, which was a great movie.
Well, he directed Van Helsing, which was a great movie.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Be sure to check out Troy and Inglorious Bastards. It's also on Netflix and is written by Tom Hardy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller movie written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did write the Box as well. It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and was produced by Richard Kelly.
You may enjoy The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The Throne of Glass is part of the series.
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy and Queen of Shadows is Fantasy.
I can also recommend Queen of Shadows, it is very good.
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a crime fiction?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
She is in the Hunger Games, which is also a great movie. Do you have a favorite genre?
It's mainly Thriller/Horror.
Enjoy
Are you referring to Paper Towns that was written by John Green?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
It's an excellent book. Its genre is young adult fiction.
You are welcome, enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
That was released in 1943.
That's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she did write the book My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a Romance and Fiction
Your welcome!
Yes, he's the director who directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He was also in it. Do you like his acting?
He has also starred in the movie Monsters, Inc, which is a family movie. But you might enjoy that one too.
Yes I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I like Serena better than Venus. Venus has really won a lot of superb players.
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! He's a great director! A couple of my favorites are Man on Wire and Watchmen. Have you seen those?
Yes, it stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin. Do you like to watch action films?
Sure, it is a comedy and also a thriller, but I don't really know any of the actors.
You might like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it's more of a thriller/fantasy movie.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. Both are great books.
Yes, it's part of the series. The books are part of the series. The next in that series is The Golden Compass.
Sure, you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them.
Sure, enjoy the books!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier.
It's a mystery novel. Do you like those types of books?
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem, I am here for you.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
James Robinson is their coach. Are you a fan of the Broncos?
What sports do you enjoy?
That's awesome! He's a great player.
Yes! He is a soccer player for the Spain National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder.
That is correct. They are the home venue for that game.
That's a great book by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it is part of a series? The next book in the series is The Jungle Book.
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
Great! Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is a great science fiction book.
Yes it was, I think you'll enjoy it too.
I haven't heard any of his music. Is he the one who is your favorite artist?
That's a very popular one. I like his wife Viggo Mortensen. Do you know her?
I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a type of music that you like?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a Fiction/Fantasy novel that was released in 1984.
Great, would you like to know anything else about the book?
You're welcome!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction and Thriller. It is also an Action Film.
Zooey Deschanel is one of the main characters in Zulu.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
I do not know what else he wrote, but if you like young-adult fiction you might enjoy The Future of Us.
Okay, then I'll add them to your list.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Do you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, they are quite popular.
I don't know when it was published. But if you like romance novels you might enjoy't My True Love Gave to me.
Ok great, enjoy the book!
Sure, he wrote Michael Clayton. Do you like romantic comedies?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both of those are mystery movies.
The Red Violin was released in 2013 and stars Anthony Hopkins and Charlize Theron. It's also a thriller/drama and was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like that genre?
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie.
