Sure, it's a thriller starring Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, Michelle Nolden. Do you like the actors or genre?
You might enjoy The Fighter, with a Thousand Faces, or Without Remorse. Both great movies!
The Hitman's Bodyguard is similar to Death Wish, but it's more of a psychological thriller and suspense.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a thriller and suspense film as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2012 and is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
You're most welcome
I know that There's Something About Mary is a movie based on a book by George Lucas, and based on the author. Would you like to know more about the movie?
She's been in a lot of movies including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Horton Hears a Who! and Alice's Bosses.
Didn't she also star in the movie I Am Comic 2?
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
She did. That was also the same year The Moon and More was released. Have you read it?
you are welcome do you need any other recommendations?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
It's a Crime Fiction Film, do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure, Don Cheadle starred in the Guard as well as Don Cheadle. Have you seen either of those?
Hope you enjoy it!
I know a little, he plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the team is part of the Indian national team.
I don't know a whole lot but i know a few players on the team. Do you follow cricket?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Pushing Tin.
Pushing Tin was written by Mike Newell, Mike Newell, Mike Newell, and he also directed Deep Blue Sea.
Enjoy, and have a great day!
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an excellent basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yes, he is a good basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
I watch Basketball sometimes. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
That's cool. I'm a Denver Broncos fan, but don't you think?
No, I'm more of a European Football fan. What about you?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Yes, it is. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2004.
No problem, enjoy!
He was in some action, crime fiction films, including Unleashed, The Swan, and Troy. Are you interested in any of those?
You might enjoy Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, and some more. Have you seen any of these?
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, that was a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge is starring Jason Bateman. Have you seen it?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Certainly. Enjoy
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Is there one you'd like to see?
It was written by Margaret Atwood. It's a drama/mystery.
Keanu Reeves starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
No, it is a Thriller, but it was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film released in 1997 directed by Roland Emmerich and is a fantasy film.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Then you might like Tender is the Night or The Beautiful Damned.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon, it's part of the National Football League's Western Conference. Are you interested in reading that?
Do you like the clockwork princess because it is a science fiction book?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Do you like Unforgiven because it's a drama?
Morgan Freeman wrote The Wildest Dream which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I have read Million Dollar Baby by HG Wells, but I haven't seen it yet.
Josh Hutcherson has starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2. Do you like Josh Hutcherson?
The Hunger Games Trilogy has many genres such as The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in What's Your Number?, which is a comedy.
I don't know anything about her new music but I do know she was married to Sean Connery, Jr., and she starred in Swept Away.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Tuck Everlasting and Swept Away. Both great movies!
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he played for the Pune Warriors in Chennai Super Kings. Do you like Cricket?
you're welcome
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Ex?
The Muppets is a good one. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date too. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I am more of a baseball fan, I don't know much about the Dodgers. What about you?
I'm glad I was able to help.
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also stars in the film Ella Enchanted which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, it was released in 2015.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Taken 3 along with Liam Neeson.
Yes Liam Neeson is in Taken 3. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Enjoy!
I don't think so, I'm not really a Packers fan so I don't really follow them.
I don't think it's overrated, but it's not overrated, though.
Wow, yea, that's good. Thanks for the info.
Iron Man is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thriller movies?
I do, he starred in the show O.C
He was in The O.C. as well as No Country for Old Men. Have you seen them?
Sure. It was written by George Clooney, and he also wrote The Great Gatsby. It got good reviews.
Hope you enjoy it.
Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz who also wrote Watchers.
Trunk Music is written by Jeffrey Zaillian. It's part of the Vampire Academy series.
The Lord of the Rings is another book in the series. I think you'd like it.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I love her music. Did you know she has also starred in several movies? She was in The Usual Suspects.
Do you like other dance pop musics?
Have you heard of Red Dragon? I heard this was one of the best in the world.
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels? I would recommend Beloved. It's part of a series.
Yes, it was. 2012 was written by Emily Griffin. She also wrote A Storm of Swords.
Then you might like Shark Night. That's a thriller.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance film Knocked Up. Have you heard of either of those?
Groundhog Day was produced by Wes Anderson and produced by Wes Anderson. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes he did. He also starred in Pineapple Express and Superbad. Do you like his movies?
He also directed The Funny People, which was a comedy.
Sure, it's a great movie with some comedy thrown in. It was released in 1994
He wrote Nights in Rodanthe which was released in 1961
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he composed a song called Ready To go (get out of my mind), do you know it?
Aside from being a writer, he is also a song writer, he wrote The Disco
Yes, i like them too, i like them all too. i like The Disco
That's a great song too, did you know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I didn't know that. Do you like Ben Stiller? He was in Zoolander as well!
It is a really good movie with Willie Garson. Do you like him?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both books are in the same genre, historical fiction, and historical fiction.
Of course! Anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
There is another great book called Animal Farm: A Fairy Story that is also a Historical novel.
Sure! Did you know Alice Walker wroth The Color Purple and starred in Fierce Light?
I am not sure of the exact year but I know it was released in 1989.
I would say drama
You are welcome
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, other films in the same genre are The Dead Zone and Up in the Air.
Ok, if you liked that one, you may like Shark Night or X-Men 2 or Wild Grass.
Lady Vengeance stars Billy Zane, Charlize Theron, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
She stars in the Thriller, Shark Night, and eXistenz.
You're welcome!
Hello, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and she directed The Ice Storm.
He starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm.
Sure, Woody Allen starred in a number of films, including The Sorcerer's Apprentice, To Kill a Mockingbird.
I don't know about Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor, other authors you might enjoy are Zoe's Tale and X-Men.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jurassic Park was written by David Koepp. It's considered a science fiction novel.
Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie. Are you interested in sci-fi?
Yes, he directed Jurassic World. Colin Terrow also directed Safety Not Guaranteed
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play golf?
I don't really follow golf, but he's won a couple of PGA Championships right?
Haha, I love that movie, and Happy Gilmore too! It stars Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Then I'd recommend The Golden Compass with J.R.R. Tolkien.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote Scream 4 and directed Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Well, I don't have any suggestions for Thrillers, but I can tell you more about The Scream 4. It was written by John Lennon and stars Nicole Kidman.
Great! Do you want me to add any of his movies to your watch list?
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Would you like to know more about it?
Then you might like Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen those?
You might like Zombieland if you want to watch that one.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is also a novel. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Sure. Surviving Picasso is American and was born in Paris, Mississippi. He also starred in the film Apocalypse Now
Joss Ackland also starred in Tuck Everlasting and Swept Away. Have you seen those?
The Little Prince is a fantasy and adventure film.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
He's a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. I also liked Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Me too. He was in that movie as well. It was a hilarious comedy.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It stars Phil Hartman. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You will definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. Have you read them?
The first in that series, you might like Shutter Island with Leonardo DiCaprio. In that case, you might enjoy the first one.
Bats was released in 2009 and starred by James Patterson. It's considered a vampire, but that's the first film in a series of movies.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland, X-Men or The Avengers.
Yes, she did. That's a great film, you should watch it.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Repo Men is written by John Lennon. He is also a great actor
He is also a screenwriter, producer and screenwriter. He wrote a lot of movies like The Very Hungry.
Sure Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you heard of any of these?
The End was released in 2014 and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The End was released in 2005 and is a mystery genre
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son, but he has a son called Beyonce too.
I have not, but I know it was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1985. He must have been busy!
I'll send you a link now. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. They are both dramas.
It stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. A couple of the actors that starred in Windtalkers are The Shadowhunter and Jodie Foster.
Glad I could help.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
Not much, I'm more of a football fan. What's your favorite team?
I'm not sure if that's the case, but I'm sure it would be a good sport to watch.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, it has genre Fantasy. Is that a genre you like?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in the AFC West, right? I've heard they're pretty good.
They are part of the NFC West, too.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book, have you read that?
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
If you liked that one you should check out The Lies of Locke Lamora.
Yes, I think he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Be sure to check out Let Me Down and Some Kind of Miracle. He's very good.
I'm not sure if you have any other questions, but I do know that Selena Gomez is also from there, too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is the basketball player for the Boston Celtics. He also won the NBA Sixth Man of the Year Award and the NBA Most Valuable Player Award.
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. They have won a lot of Superbowls, and a few Superbowls.
That was a good question...I am not sure of that, I believe it was the final.
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Man of Steel
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуание и накаание is written in English, and was released in 1866.
Yes, you are correct. Much like рестуание и накаание or диот?
No problem, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of that series and also a fantasy series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I would recommend The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars. They're both wonderful books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a midfielder for a German Soccer Team. He plays midfielder. Do you like soccer?
He is a defender with a German soccer team. His position is Midfielder and forward.
Yes, you are right. He is also a famous athlete as well.
It's a good movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you interested in other films starring him?
That book was written by George R.R. Martin, is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Were you looking for something similar to A Corn of Thorns and Roses, or something else?
I would highly recommend The Assassin's Blade, it falls under the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. It's considered a romantic comedy.
It came out in 2015. James Cameron also starred in The Aviator and Avatar.
You are welcome.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Are you interested in this genre?
Then you might like Welcome to Temptation, Water for Elephants or Water for Elephants.
It is, similar to The Chronicles of Riddick and The Chronicles of Narnia.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not really familiar with Venus Williams but I know she is great at the 2012 Olympics.
Did you know Martina Nava was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yea, I wonder if she's any good. I really like her sister Serena.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she was in a relationship with Tiger Woods?
That's amazing! Did you know she was born in Honolulu?
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day and Ariel. They both starred in them.
Reflected in You, One With You is a Romance, Historical fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes, she also wrote Bluest Eye, have you read those?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also written The Year of the Flood.
The Handmaid Tale is a novel by Margaret Atwood, the genre is speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome! Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
I know a little about him. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you heard of those movies?
It is a drama released in 1986 released in Uruguay. It is about Greek Mythology, are you interested in watching it?
Sorry, I don't have any information of when it was released.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more about those?
Tahereh Mafi wrote I am Malala
Yes, I Gone Me was released in 2014, which is the same year You Are Not So Smart was released.
It was released in 2014, it's considered a children's literature. It was written by George R.R. Martin, and was released in 2014.
The Shadowhunter's Codex and Stone of Tears fall into that genre.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. The Hour I First Believed was released in 2012.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, and Finding Neverland. Are you interested in any of these movies?
They are both psychological thriller and science fiction.
Morgan Freeman is one of the starring actors in Neverland.
It came out in 2005 and is also a drama.
Will do.
You are welcome
Yes, He wrote A Separate Peace which is a good novel.
It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun, would you like to read it?
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion and Lady Susan. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it is. Sense and Sensibility is another good one.
She is a great author. The House of Mirth is another great one.
Sure, The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, then you might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
Okay, I hope you enjoy it!
Did you enjoy Fight Club play basketball?
Sure, he's available at https://www.scribd.com/doc/19071117/The-Bowl.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban starring J.K. Rowling is a good fantasy movie.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote "Little Altars Everywhere" and "Little Altars Everywhere."
Sure, it is a comedy-drama that also stars Mindy Kaling. Have you seen any of her other films?
I believe it's more of a crime fiction book.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote нна аренина, and нна аренина.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Colony. Have you read either of these?
The film also stars George Clooney and Jason Bateman. Do you like the movie?
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
Yes, he is a football player from England. He plays the forward position.
You know, I don't know the facts about him. I do know that he played in the DC Superbowl. That is a movie too.
Yes he is. Do you like any other sports?
Yes. He's a good actor. I like Locker. He also directed This Is the End.
Yes, he was in the English Patient, it is a very good film, have you seen it?
I liked Juliette Binoche in What's Your Number? he was also in The Pink Panther, which is a drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple and was released in 2012.
Yes, that's a good one too. Did you know she was born inBuenos Aires?
Sure, adding them to your library now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction. It's an English novel. It's considered speculative fiction.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorite movies.
The Rum Diary was directed by Tim Burton and released in 2000. The Rum Diary was directed by Tim Burton. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
I know that they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
David Platt was one of their current players
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote Vanishing Acts, a drama. He also wrote A Beautiful Mind. Have you read that one?
You might like Vampire Academy, which is also a thriller
It's a Thriller. Let's start with the book!
You're welcome. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie, have you seen it yet?
Richelle Mead wrote The Simpsons Movie. Did you know David Silverman also starred in The Simpsons Movie?
Yes, they are. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie which was released in 2003.
You too! Have a great day as well!
Not really, I am a fan. He's that Cricket player from New Delhi. Do you like Cricket?
Not really. I am more of a European Football fan and I don't really follow it.
He was. Do you know if he was a scientist?
Yes that's a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Sure Orlando Bloom also starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
Great, I think you will enjoy it, it is one of my favorite thrillers, have you seen it?
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you read any of his other books?
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
It's a great example of young adult fiction. Is that something you'd like to read?
Nicola Kraus wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you read them?
I would recommend Happy Gilmore. It's pretty funny. There's Something about Mary is another good one.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I'm not sure but he starred in a movie called Twilight, which is a really good film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Mike Starr wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Grindhouse stars are Zombieland and Death Proof. They are both great movies.
It starred Reese Witherspoon and Josh Brolin.
Great! It's a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think she's a great singer and actress. Didn't she star in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
He has also starred in Donnie Darko and The House of Mirth. Do either of those interest you?
Emma Watson was in that movie as well. Do you like her work?
Yes, JK Tolken, Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee star in it. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I agree. I'm not a big fan of tennis but I know she was in a relationship with Tiger Woods.
Serena is better, but Venus has lost matches to her sister Serena.
Wow, I didn't know that.
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he plays Midfielder. Do you watch soccer?
I don't think so, I believe he's a top seller.
I prefer American Football as well. Do you have a favorite team?
I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is a great movie, have you seen it?
There are a couple of good comedies that you might like are There's Something About Mary and The Alamo. Have you seen them?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I didn't know that he's married to Jesse Vint. Do you like his music?
Absolutely. I am a big fan of hers. Selena Gomez was great when he was friends with Britney Spears.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist
Glad to help!
Sure it was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, you're right! Ursula K. Le Guin is considered one of her most famous fiction books, but I can tell you that she wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen either of those?
Cool, I don't know if he was in that film, but he was in Bangkok Dangerous and Transporter Refueled. Have you seen those?
It's a drama, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leanard.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else to check out.
You're welcome.
You mean the Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one. anything else i can answer today?
Rohit sharma is an athelete, and plays different types of sports
He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
Yes, he did. Rohit Sharma for starters.
Yes, he is also a Rohit Sharma for example.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
The first one was published in 1968, the same year that The Doors of Perception was released.
Yes, he did. It's the band name of his sister, Janet Evanovich, and Emily Bront.
Yes, it was written by Ian McEwan and has genre in Mystery and Music. Are you familiar with his work?
Christopher Hampton wrote The Sworn Sword, The Mystery of the Blue, and Endless Nights. Have you read any of these?
The film is a mystery, suspense, mystery, and adventure film. Do you like that type of movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is starring Tom Everett and Rebecca Hall.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
It is a thriller
Sean Connery starred in that movie as well
Of course, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like other books by him?
Gurihiru is a movie with the same genre. It was produced by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Good. I'm not sure. I know she was in The Olympics. Did you see it? It's very funny.
Yes. He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Huntsman: Winter's War.
She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets!
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, I know it's good to know. Is it a film she has been in like?
The Client is written by John Grisham and has genre Thriller.
It is a psychological thriller, with a bit of drama.
The Client is starring John Grisham, who also starred in the Crime Fiction Film The Litigators.
You're welcome.
He is a football player, right?
I don't but I think he is a good player
I enjoy watching college football and I like to watch college football
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes, the Packer is a great player
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
Yeah, I like soccer a lot. Do you have a favorite team?
Wasn't David Platt on the team?
Did you like The Time Traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin or because it was a satire or because it was a satire?
It is a mystery, similar to True Blood
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. A similar title is Emma.
It was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you know that she also sang I Think I love it.
Yes, that's right, she's one of my favorite actors.
I agree, she is one of my favorite artists. She writes a lot of different types.
Sure, he directed both The Godfather and The Civil War. Have you seen those?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is very similar.
It's a historical novel by Charles Dickens. If you like that, you might also enjoy A Scandal in Bohemia.
If you like romance novels, you might want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He wrote The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like romance novels, you might want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It's genre is a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you might want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you liked that genre, you may want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do too. He's starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Oh yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
It was released in 2015, the same year The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale was released.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
There's The World According to Garp and There's Something About Mary. That's something you'd like to check out.
Sean Connery is the author of that book.
It was released in 1969! That was the same year Your Heart Belongs to Me was released.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre and Wolf Brothers. Do you like romance novels?
I am not sure, but it was influenced by William Shakespeare. You like his work?
You're welcome.
Sure. That book was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
Lamb wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Thriller, and Makrer is a Thriller.
He was also an author and he wrote The Big Lebowski
I think he is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Is he a basketball player?
Me either. I like to watch the Superbowl for the commercials. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Lakers would love to. I am a Lakers fan too. My favorite team is the Lakers.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Son of Sobek. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of this one?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel. Do you like her books?
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
I am sure you will enjoy them. Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, and several others. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Assassin's Blade and The King's Speech. Have you read either of those?
Another Throne of Glass by Sarah J Maas is The Assassin's Blade. Have you read that one?
Hope you enjoy it!
Hope you enjoy it
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime, suspense film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie starring Brad Pitt. Would you like recommendations similar to this one ?
I think you should watch A.I. Artificial Intelligence if you like. A.I. Artificial Intelligence is starring Matt Damon have you seen it?
You are welcome have a great day.
This is the End was produced by Evan Goldberg. Evan Goldberg wrote Pineapple Express. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it's a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Are you interested in any other Psychological Thriller movies?
Evan Goldberg also starred in The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you like this book because it is a war film?
He has also written Thirteen Ghosts and The Cold Mountain. Are you interested in either of those?
It's a fantasy novel by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Did you know he was also in the movie Shark Tale?
Oh yeah, he was in that. Do you like comedies?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It was released in 2008 and directed by Steve Carell. He also directed Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber.
It is an action and adventure film, with a little bit of war. It was directed by David McRaney.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Games series. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi film and was produced by Steven Spielberg.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a really great movie.
The movie Magnolia is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
You are most welcome. Have a great day!
Do you like thrillers? Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Grindhouse, which is a crime fiction film. He also wrote Apocalypse Now
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson also starred in Help and Get on Up! It's a Biographical film, film, and film as well.
She was in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey, she did star in that movie as well!
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan directed the Dark Knight
Sure! Are you familiar with Star Wars, starring Carrie Fisher? He wrote that.
Indiana Jones was the main star of the film, Kenny Baker and Dwayne Johnson.
Yes, he also starred in the Star Wars saga!
That book is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure but it's a romance novel like Circling the Sun.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
I'm not sure if she's acted in, but she has starred in a few films such as The Pursuit of Happiness and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen either of those?
That is great. That was a good one if you like action films like Red Dawn.
He also wrote Bonesetter's Daughter, which is also a Romance film.
I think you would like Red Dawn, which is a great action film!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like dramas?
He starred in Apocalypse Now, as well as Al Pacino.
Yes, he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola who also directed The Godfather II.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The World According to Garp and The Abolition of Man. Have you read either of these?
He also wrote Lolita, have you read that one?
It is. If you enjoy romance novels, you might want to try Undead and Unwed or Unwed. Those are good books.
Of course! Is there anything else I can do for you?
He wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Sure, Margery Williams Bianco is also a writer, but she wrote To The Lighthouse and The Lightning Thief.
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's book like this one. Other books in this genre are; The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Tao of Pooh.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and it is also a children's literature
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I do, when is he with the Green Bay Packers?
I've only seen a few games. It's kind of a sci-fi with Aaron Rodgers. Who's your favorite quarterback?
Yes it was. Do you like any other players?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book. Are you interested in this type of book?
The Lost Hero is an autobiography
Yes, The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series
You're Welcome
Monsters University Movie
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University! He was also in Monsters Inc, which was written by Monsters University!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Terminator and The Three Musketeers. Are you a fan of those books?
The Prince is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
Yes, I love his music! Did you know he was also an actor as well?
I have never heard of them but I am going to check out some of his other songs then. Have you heard of Red River Blue by Karin Slaughter?
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman or Crime Fiction?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy your reading!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It's considered a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book written by Rebecca Stead. It's an excellent book!
Sure, it's written by Rebecca Stead. It's a great book!
Sure, it's written by William Weaver. It's about a boy with a blossoming political career loses all sense of morality.
She has a soulful voice. I think she's very talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
I am more of a Taylor Swift fan. One of my favorite singers is Shake it off. She's very funny. Do you like her country?
I'm not sure about that. Is she a good one?
Sure, she is a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and Schindler's List.
It is a thriller and some stars include Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
Coming of Age is considered a comedy as well. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, The Whale Riders was one of them. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You as well!
Of course! Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist, and A Christmas Carol, to name a few. Have you read any of these?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is a Suspense/Mystery novel by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's part of the series.
He wrote a number of short stories, including The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
I hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan and also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure, do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I liked that movie, as well as Reese Witherspoon was also in it. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1998 and starred Johnny Depp. He also starred in Doom, which is another horror movie. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone was in The Expendables.
That was a great movie, Chris Hemsworth, and Ned Beatty star in the film. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The book was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read other books by her?
The genre is fantasy. A good book to read is The Bane Chronicles of Narnia starring Nicholas Cage. Have you seen that one?
That's great! I highly recommend The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bone; City of Bone is the same type of Fantasy and The Golden Compass
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro. It was released in 1999.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
That's cool. Didn't he win any awards?
I am a swimmer, but I'm not a huge football fan. Is there any other sports you enjoy?
Glad to help
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon is great. Matt Damon also starred in the film. I love him!
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
I am not sure, but it was directed by Peter Hyams and is considered a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Not much, I know they are a German football team. Are you a fan?
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, I believe he's a very good cricketer from South Africa.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones also stars in the movie, and it was released in 1999
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama and The Lives of Others is a psychological thriller.
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it is starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2010. It actually has a sequel to The Tourist if you are interested.
It was written by Frank Beddor. He also wrote the Rum Diary of the Dead.
Its a good one! Enjoy!
I think they are great. I'm a huge basketball fan. Who's your favorite coach?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year award?
Yeah, I think I'll watch basketball again, thanks for letting me know!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance books?
Jane Eyre is the first part of a trilogy. Another good one is Villette, Jane Eyre
The Path Between the Seas is a great one
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in basketball?
I enjoy watching college football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, I believe he is.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas was released in 1935.
You are welcome.
Sure. It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces is a mystery novel by James Frey and was released in 2005.
Yes, he also directed The Royale and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does that sound interesting to you?
1600 was also the year that released The Winter's Tale
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
he plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II
Yes, he is and he also plays as a midfielder as well.
I don't really follow it, I am more of a American Football fan and I don't really follow it. What sport do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player from India.
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
Yes she won the Grammy for Best Video of the Year. Do you like her work?
She is also a model and a musician. She has a hand in the songs I don't know.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Frances Conroy. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. You may be interested in "Yenti" or "Thirteen."
Sure, he starred in The Skulls which is a science fiction film
The skulls is listed as a comedy and drama film
It was released in 2012 and stars Denis O'Hare
Sure, it also stars Rob Cohen and Leila Arcieri. Are you a fan of either of them?
She has also starred in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
You're welcome
I do! The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football Conference South division
I do. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team is yours? I love the Buccaneers. Do you like football?
I don't really follow football. I don't know much about football but I do like football. Who is the Buccaneers owner?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Somewhere I Belong is a hit, but I can't remember when I get a chance, though.
I bet you do like some rock. I am not sure if they are popular I think
Yes, I do. I like watching football at the Eagles. How about you?
That's amazing. They have a good day! They're a great team. They have a good day!
Tom Brady was the Patriots owner of the Patriots. Do you like the Patriots?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote A Fistful of Dollars, which is similar.
Of course, I think you might enjoy Water for Elephants or Blood if you haven't already read them.
Yes, it was. It's based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes it is. The Cat in the Hat is another movie with the same genre.
Sure! Garfield also had some comedies that you might like X-Men 2 and World War Z. Have you seen those?
they are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not so much, but I heard they were runner ups in the 2003 NBA Finals. What's your favorite team?
Yes, I like football and soccer. What about you? Do you have a favorite team?
I had no idea. It was written by Mark Haddon, who also wrote The Black Dahlia. Have you heard of it?
She was in the movies Wiz, Ted, and The Book of Eli. She was in that as well.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
That's right, he was. It's a great movie!
I don't remember. I think it was very funny.
Yes I do, it was a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like them?
He was. I'm not sure if he was in that movie. Is that a thriller film?
If you like thrillers, you should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a very good movie.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film and Vampire Academy.
Waiting also stars Robert De Niro and Angela Bassett.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, it is written by Joel Coen, who also wrote True Grit
Sure, he starred in The People Speak, Push, and Push, Nevada.
He was in The People Speak, which is a really good movie. He was in it as well!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater directed Boyhood.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is starring Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
Confused was released in 1995. It also starred Mindy Kaling which is a Mystery film.
Great! You may also like Monsters Inc, which stars Vernon Dobtcheff.
In the film drama, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance. It's an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
It is categorized as a drama.
Then you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It's very good, I think it's a good one. It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
Oh wow i know they are a sports team. i don't follow them
They're pretty good. They're owned by Dwayne Johnson. I love the Cowboys!
That's cool. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This Is The End and The Interview.
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and James Franco to name just a few. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and James Franco. It was released in 2003.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Sea of Monsters.
Certainly, anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also enjoy Thrillers such as Shark Night and xXx. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you liked the Lion King, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life from Walt Disney.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and The Pursuit of Happiness.
I am not sure of the genre, but Shia LaBeouf also starred in I, Robot, which is a thriller.
Sure, now playing.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
Me either. I like Fabio Capello too. He's a great player though.
I'm really not a big sports fan but i know Fabio Capello used to play for the New England Patriots. I love football.
That's a great one! It was released in 1999 and stars Drew Barrymore. Are you a fan of him?
I heard they are very popular around the world
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information about them. Is there something else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but I believe they did start in Seoul. They're a great place in South Korea.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Todd Allen also star in it. It has a great cast.
You're welcome!
No problem, enjoy the movie!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
I hope you enjoy it! It was released in 1958.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Romance or because it is a Romance?
Hugh Jackman starred in the Wolverine. He was also in a X-Men film called The Legend of Hercules.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he's an athlete in Spain. He was also in the Olympics. Are you a fan?
He was also a recurring writer on the TV show You've Got Mail.
He starred in all of his films, but he is a popular actor in the world. He was also in Jumanji.
Danny DeVito was also in that movie, and he was also in Horton Hears a Who!
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day with Joe Morton. Have you seen it?
That movie is a science fiction, fantasy, and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen the X-Men series? That's a great one.
Yes. He has list of books you should check out, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
Yes, he also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
I have not read any of his other books. I do know he was a scientist and from the United States.
That's great! Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Modern Prometheus. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, I love Ben Feldman! He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Wildest Dream?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Do you like their music? I could check it out
Sure I have a lot to catch up on the music they play tha i like
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, Inc.
It's a fantasy novel that was released in 2014, the same year as The Other Boleyn Girl.
It came out in 2014. Another good book you might enjoy is Zathura: A Space Adventure. Both were written by her.
No problem! Enjoy!
I do, Damian Lilliard is he from Oakland? He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I didn't know that. That's where Don Cherry, he's a basketball player, right?
I have seen him play on TV. I'm more of a basketball fan. Do you like basketball?
Quentin Tarantino have starred in several films such as Zombieland and Death Proof. Are you familiar with those?
It was written by E.B. White and starring Bill Paxton.
Sure. He also starred in another great movie, Death Proof. That's a good one.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
It's a popular one that Kenny Ortega was in. He was also in Jack and Jill, Grown Ups and RocknRolla.
I am sorry I do not have any romantic movies at this time.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Last Tycoon, and The Bodyguard.
It has a great cast like Sam LaMarr, Angelina Jolie and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like them?
It is a Crime Fiction Film, do you like these genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a basketball team, but not a football team. The Nets are a team in the NBA. Do you like basketball?
Me too, it's a great movie. Are you interested in other movies in the same genre?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes also starred Ramon Rodriguez. Did you know that Ramon Rodriguez starred in the movie?
It is a action movie directed by Sergio Leone. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels might be This Lullaby, This Lullaby, and This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is also a Romance novel, I think you might like it.
Yes, it is also a Romance novel, you might enjoy it.
Great, you are welcome.
I know she's a tennis player from India. She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
Not really, I know she's a tennis player from Mumbai. I like tennis but I think Serena Williams sisters are very good.
Yes, she is sure is! She is also a great player.
He starred in Looking for Richard
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
He was in the movie The Manchurian Candidate, it is a thriller.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levin and is part of a series.
She also wrote Mansfield Park. You should check that out as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. She sings a thousand years, one of my favorite songs.
She is a very talented pianist. She is also a dancer too.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that it was released in 2010
You're welcome
Edgar Ramirez starred in a lot of movies. Do you like action films?
I love crime fiction. I would recommend The Hurt Locker, it is starring Edgar Ramirez. Have you seen it?
No, I am not sure. I know Mark Boal was in Bangkok Dragons though. He was in that as well.
Cool. I'll add it to your list. I'm sure you will like it.
He starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. Do you like animated films?
Sure, I'd recommend The Lorax, which is a comedy. It's also a musical.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
Great. Enjoy the movie!
He is the player for the Brazil national football team. He is a midfielder. do you like this sport?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Robert Pattison.
Great! I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and stars William Nicholson. It is considered a great movie.
Yes, he was. Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Yates and Alchemist.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was involved with Romeo and Juliet and King's Speech.
I am glad to help. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, I can recommend Vampire Academy, Sunshine, Hush hush, The Wicked Deep
Yes, she is a great writer. I would recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, she also wrote The Chemist, Midnight Sun.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films, Justin Timerberlake or both?
Tom Everett, Steve Buscemi, and Ben Stiller all starred in The Social Network.
The Hunger Games series are highly recommended and they are highly recommended.
You are welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
The Tambling is an author. Some of his books that you might like are The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the fair that Changed America.
Well, Zadie Smith is a great writer. He wrote The Tragedy of King Richard the Third and The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice to name a few.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
The Fog was released in 1983 and starred John Carpenter, John Carpenter, and his son Jaden Smith. The Fog was directed by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1983.
She's great, isn't she? She also starred in Meet the Parents which is a great TV series as well!
I'm not sure of the genre, but Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in that movie as well! That's a great Sci-Fi flick!
The Hobbit is similar to Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Lynda Obst
He also wrote The Peters of Athena
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Michael Gaston, Patrick Muldoon , Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. It's part of the series A Wind in the Door. Do you like science fiction books?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you enjoy super hero movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle and was released in 1962.
The Tales of Beedle the Bar is another one you might like.
It was released in 1974, as a part of the series.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that film?
Slumdog Millionaire was an indie drama. Do you like Indie films?
It was released in 2004.
No problem, enjoy!
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the movie The Hobbit: The Return of the King.
It is adventure fiction
The Golden Compass starring Jim Carrey
the Golden Compass was directed by Chris Columbus
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl and released in 1982. It is a fantasy book, do you like that genre?
Yes, Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is a great book. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to read another book with her?
Yes she did. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles of the United States of America
you're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that book. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
It was also written by Jojo Moyes, Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides, another one of her works.
Hope you enjoy them
Yes, it's a good book. John Green wrote it and he also wrote Paper Towns.
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure what year The Fault in Our Stars was released. Can I help you with anything else?
That's a good one. I highly recommend The Fault in Our Stars. If you haven't seen it, you should check it out.
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Beautiful and Damned, among others. Have you read those?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It's an excellent read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Black Hat is a movie starring Tim Miller and it was released in 1985
Black Hat is starring Tim Miller and some other movies he starred in are The Men in Black Hat and Black Hat
Sure, hope you enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a war film written by Guillermo del Toro and it's a historical fiction novel. Are you a fan of those genres?
Yes, it is. Did you know that he starred in a movie called Pan's Labyrinth?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you about Pan's Labyrinth, which is a Spanish film.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both in that genre.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
That's interesting! Have you seen the other films in the series?
Yes it was. It was written by Michael York as well as a Historical period drama
Yes, I like frédéric Mugler, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Its an interesting story.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. The Godfather Part II is good.
You as well, I think you would like The Godfather II.
Sean Penn and it was released in 2005.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild which was directed by Sean Penn.
I highly recommend The Pledge which it is also written by Sean Penn.
Me too, he's a great tennis player. Did you know that Garth Williams starred in a relationship with Tiger Woods?
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Sure, some of them are The King's Speech, The Miserables, and The King's Speech. Do you like those type of movies?
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I like her, but not as much as her acting. Did she star in the movie Spring Breakers?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, I have. Thanks for letting me know!
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The thriller The Scorch Trials is next in the series. Also, The Kill Order and The Eye of the World.
Terry Pratchett wrote The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
You're welcome
Sure! Arundhati Roy has written The God of Small Things, it was released in 1997. You might enjoy that one.
It's a Non-fiction book, have you heard of it?
I'm not sure if it was, but I do know that it was adapted into a film
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you interested in those genres?
It is a mystery book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of teen drama
It was released in 2012 and is in English
She wrote Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Sure, if you like books released in that time period, you may want to read The Invisible Man or The House of Mirth.
Well she wrote The Invisible Man, which was released in 1897, have you heard of it?
You are welcome, have a good day.
Sure, that's a movie written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It's a fantasy movie.
Sure. Do you like fantasy movies? The Looking Glass Wars was a great one.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with right now?
I'm not really a fan of the coach Gary Kubiak. I like the Patriots
Well, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I don't know much about the Texans owner Bob McNair. Do you like football?
Yeah, he also owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Well it appears that he acted in Troy the movie. Is this what you had in mind?
Hugh Griffith also starred in Wuthering Heights, along with Emily Bronte. It's considered a classic!
It came out in 2007 and is considered a classic!
Sure, it's a crime fiction movie, released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it came out in 1847.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like Historical Fiction?
I don't have that information but I do know that it is also a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I highly recommend it. Its a very good Historical period drama.
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about her, but did she lose to Serena Williams?
Sure, she is a tennis player from Brazil. She has also played in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about basketball either. I heard they are a very good team.
Didn't he play in any other sports?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Sure, I am unsure of other movies released in 1989, but I do know that The Cabin in the Woods was also released that year.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
I know it was released in 2010
You're welcome. Enjoy
Sure, Stupid Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Tuck Everlasting.
Well, if you like romance, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a romance movie written by Steve Carell.
You're welcome, I'll add them to your queue.
Sure! He wrote Wolves of the Calla, The Stand, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of those?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a science fiction novel, do you like that genre?
That's right, he has co-stared with Robert De Niro which is a Romance Film
Sure, I recommend the Post which it is starring Tom Hanks
Tom Hanks starred in the movie "Back to the Future" which also stars Tom Hanks. He also starred in the movie "That Was Then"
Unfortunately, I don't have that information, but Larry Crowne is probably one of his most popular movies that I'd enjoy.
Hope you enjoy them!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, have you seen that yet?
It has a Genre of a romance and a great cast.
It stars Pierre Perrier and Morgan Freeman. It was released in 2016.
I do. I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they've won a super bowl this year.
It's up with the Seahawks next year. Have you seen it? It's pretty exciting!
It sounds like a good place to visit. Have a great day
It was written by Jerry Spinelli, who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee. Both are great reads.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is classified as a young adult novel and was released in 1995. You should read it.
I think he is a good tennis player. I like Andy Murray better. How about you?
That's right. Did you know Rafael Nadal lost to Roger Federer? And I think he was also a good tennis player?
I agree. I liked Roger Federer better, he was a great tennis player.
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote The Throne of Fire and The Half Blood Prince.
You're right. J.K Rowlings wrote those and the Half-Blood Prince.
Sure, What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
That is correct. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they're a pretty good team, but I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
My favorite team is the Patriots. I think the Saints are my favorite team too.
They seem to be having a bad season. They're 4th in their division right now.
I think he's a great player but not a very good person. I'm not sure if he still plays for the Jets.
Yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Sure. He also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
Sure she wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
The Hiding Place is non-fiction, released in 1973, the same year as The Cross and God's Smuggler.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you can try The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, if you want another movie directed by Chris Sanders, he also starred in The Patriot.
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Kathryn Sutherland, Zach Grenier and Channing Tatum all starred in 22 Jump Street.
He was, have you seen White House Down as well?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis were in it. The movie is a biographical film.
Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, she was. No Strings Attached is one of her most popular romance films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Well then you might like World War Z, or Gone, Baby, Gone, another sci-fi movie you might enjoy.
Zombieland has a great cast, Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf, John Ratzenberger, and many more!
I'm sorry I don't know when it was released, just because he was in Ghostbusters
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
I recommend All the Light We Cannot see. It's very good.
You're very welcome!
That's a great book. A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like that author?
The Path Between the Seas is a very good one.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway, are you interested in more books he wrote ?
Another fiction novel would be To Your Scattered Bodies Go. It was written by Ernest Hemingway
It is a romance novel similar to To Have and Have Not, although it was released in 1929.
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Lettis and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Year One stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leanard
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. Is that what you're looking for?
You might enjoy The X-Men: The Last Stand or The Dead Zone.
Yes it is. It is also very good but it is a sci-fi movie. If you like action movies you should check out The Running Man or The Hunger Games.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but she was in it too!
He wrote Mimacs which is a crime fiction film.
Micmacs is a movie starring Yolands Moreau. Would you like to see it?
I am not sure when he was released, but I do know that he is a comedy.
Don't mention it
Sure, have you read The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Great, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen and Bradley Cooper star in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in the suspense film The Good Doctor. Did you know that Jack Nicholson starred in it?
Directed by Richard LaGravenese. He's an excellent director.
Do you like the movie because it is a sci-fi movie?
It is an adventure movie starring Brad Pitt. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It is. He was also in Gangster Squad. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship of Bride and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
No problem, enjoy!
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, Alexandre Dumas wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and he also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Comte de Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin, have you read either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, it is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I have. Did you know that Peter Capaldi also starred in Someone Like You?
Great, enjoy!
Sure Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, there are a sequel to The Great Gilly Hopkins which is also a book and a film adaptation.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Catching Fire is the next in the Hunger Games series.
Then you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a paranormal romance. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, Walking Disaster is a great one. Jamie McGuire wrote Walking Disaster.
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Marcus Chong, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Then you might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded. The Matrix Reloaded is Sci-Fi.
John Wick also stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. Great cast!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta. Are you a fan?
Yes, she won the MTV Video Music Award for best choreography. Do you like her music?
She is on the bucket list as well. She is a great choreographer as well.
Have you seen The Matrix Revolutions? She starred in that.
OK, then you should check out The Warrior's Way, The Man with the Iron Fists, and The Matrix Revolutions.
It's not, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski. He also directed Speed Racer if you like her.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
I enjoy the Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel. Would you like some other suggestions?
It was written by Richelle Mead, but Richelle Mead did have some other suggestions. Some of the similar books are Last Sacrifice and Blood Promise.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it as well
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was an Action Adventure movie?
Would you like recommendations about movies starring Will Smith or Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movies, The Dark Knight, and Road to Perdition.
I'm not sure if he was in that movie, but Will Ferrell was in the Action/Adventure film starring Tom Cruise. You might enjoy that one as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
He stars in Ted, I know that.
It is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It was written by Maurice Hindle. He also wrote The Lorax.
That's right! Have you seen The Last Battle, written by Percy Bysshe Shelley?
Yes, they are. The Modern Prometheus was released in 1818.
Yes, he wrote The World According to Garp and The Antichrist Takes the Throne.
It was released in 1856, although he also wrote Madame Bovary.
Yes, she did. Do you like historical fiction?
I know they were coached by John Fox and Chris harris is a good player
I love the Cowboys! I think their head coach Jason Garrett is very good.
I'm more into basketball as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story that is called Toy Story 2. It is also starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
It's a good one! Do you know Tim Allen was in it? He's one of my favorite actors.
I'm not sure, but it's very good!
Done! Have a great day!
I think he's a basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I heard he's a good player though.
I like to watch college football and I'm a big football fan. What about you?
Sure, it's a science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Steamboy. Have you seen either of those?
Sarah Michelle Gellar was also in that movie as well. It was very entertaining.
That was a great movie. It was written by Leo Tolstoy and Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Did you see any of those?
Oh yes, I recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of those?
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leanard.
Do you like the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie similar to that
You're welcome.
She's an amazing performer. I'm a huge fan of hers, and I loved her in the movie Victorious.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite song of hers?
Yeah, lady Gaga is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also an actress!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it was released in 2005.
Yes, it was. You may be interested in the book The Magician's Land.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is Young adult fiction
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent
you're welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Last Stand.
That's a good one. The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery. Do you like him?
They are good movies, but good ones. Do you like dramas?
The movie is starring Chris Pratt and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome
No, it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011.
It is a Sci-Fi movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
The Dark Knight is also a good historical drama movie
Slaves is lead in The main lead in The Fault in Our Stars
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
It's a drama, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure about that, but I believe it is similar to When You Reach Me.
I'm glad to help, I hope she like it!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie you might like.
I'm not sure who starred in that movie. But you might want to check out Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance
Shopaholic and Baby is made into a movie, have you seen it?
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by Michael Bay
No problem
Betty Smith wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, which was released in 1943, are you familiar with it?
That's a book it was released in 1943
Yes it was
I am a football fan so I don't know much about the football team. Is he a good player?
That's interesting. Have you ever seen a game live in person?
I am a Dodgers fan. What's your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he's a director. He's done some good movies. He's starred in Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I have, I've seen the film, that stars Robert De Niro and Matt Dillon. Are you a fan of either film?
He's been in so many films, including Full Frontal and No Country for Old Men, just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2010
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride and The Mummy Returns.
He wrote a book called The Princess Diaries, it is in the English language.
Sure, he wrote a book called Shark Night, which is classified as a drama.
You are welcome.
Sure, she wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
I think they are a great read, I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wizard's First Rule. They are also great books in the series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It is a great movie.
Yes he is. She was also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Birdman.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
You're welcome!
I know that he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
Then I would recommend World War Z. It was written by Chinua Achebe and was released in 1947.
I have not seen that movie, is it good?
You are welcome have a great day!
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in this movie. Do you like his movies?
Great! You are welcome
Sure, do you like Science Fiction or Psychological Thriller?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Biography
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and non fiction books
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Khaled Hosseini. It's considered a Sci-Fi film.
I'm a fan! I love the Weekend. I'm a fan of Thriller movies. Do you like Thriller movies?
Alright. Do you like Echoes of Silence? Is that the song you'd like to hear?
It was so good that they had a good night and they're very good.
Yes it is a good book written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like Thrillers you should check out Shark Night. It is also a good one.
The Cold Moon was released in 1979. It is a drama and a mystery. I highly recommend it!
I'm not sure of the suspense genre, but I can recommend some other thrillers for you.
Yes, it is written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
There's a Wocket in Pocket by James Patterson, which is also a book of his.
You're welcome.
Oh yes I love him! I especially like the Maroon 5 songs. Do you like them?
Do you know if Maroon 5 is friends with him?
I'm not sure. Do you like X Factor because it's a comedy?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that movie was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet, or A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Do you like comedies?
Yes, you are right. Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobbyeland
It was released in 1981.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Tropic Thunder which is a historical period drama
Bobby Hopkins also starred in the movie Badminton
Do you like adventure films? I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right, he did. It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
He was influenced by Tom Hanks, Rita Wilson, and Richard Linklater.
Yes, it's more of a Mystery and a Mystery. I highly recommend it!
You're very welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson starred in the sci-fi film The Prestige. It's also a film based on Greek Mythology.
Ok, I'll add them to your watch list.
It's also a film starring Scarlett Johansson, which also stars Ben Stiller and Chris Hemsworth. It's also a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine and is an Action movie. You like Action movies?
She starred in that one, it is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. Do you like thrillers?
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I think Bud Adams was influenced by a lot of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like him?
I don't think so, but I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by some of the Tennessee Titans.
Sure, he starred in The Apostle. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did and he also wrote the Apostle. Did you like that movie?
Of course, he also starred in The Apostle. He also starred in The Apostle. You might like You, Me and Duvall's Daughters.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and musician from Philadelphia.
yes she plays the guitar too. do you like her?
Wayman : Set Decoration by: Edwin B. Willis. Paul Mazursky is also a good player as well.
that's great! What other sports do you like?
I think he's a really good artist. I'm not so sure about his acting. What's your favorite song of his?
i didn't know that. What kind of music do you like?
Did you know that he has a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, and The Fellowship of the Rings: The Two Towers
He was in the Hobbit series. I haven't heard of them, though.
Sure, Christopher Lee starred in The Hobbit: The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers. Have you seen that one?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is a part of the series. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse. Have you read it?
Well, The Blood of Olympus is a good one. It's written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Did you know he's an actor as well?
Well, it's not animation, but he did direct The Simpsons Movie. It's also animated and he wrote, directed, and directed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, she wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, it was. Wicked was released in 1995 as a play written by Jennifer L. Armentrout.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oh yes, he wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read it?
It also stars Mel Gibson, Michael Byrne, and Patrick McGoohan
It was released in 1947, also a historical period drama!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bone Clockwork Orange and The Bone Clocks are some of his works. Are you interested in any of them?
It is written in English. Did you enjoy this novel?
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Statham and Megan Mullally star in Slither.
He also starred in the movie Troy, which is a romantic comedy.
Hope you enjoy them
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right. Do you like his writings?
Yes, it was written by Paul Werstine. He also wrote Much Ado About Nothing
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I have never seen the movie, but I love science fiction movies. Do you like this one?
I have seen The Martian and it's directed by Matt Damon. I'm not sure if he's done any other movies, but I did see The Last Jedi and The Avengers.
There are so many options to choose from!
I hope you enjoy them!
I am not sure but I know his last album was released in 2004.
Of course, I remember Selena Gomez was on it, I'm not sure, but I know he was on the show.
I don't know if I like him, but Pray, I know he's in a relationship with Woody Harrelson, I like him.
I like them both. I'm more of a baseball fan for sure. What about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
Whats the genre of this book?
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also played in the Olympics. He was really good in the Olympics.
I don't know anything about her, but I do know she won the Brazilian 94 Championships right?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote The Grand Design and A Brief History of Time.
It also stars John Lennon and Bill Paxton. Aside from being a writer, Stephen Hawking is also a screenwriter and a director, I can find it for you.
Have a great day!
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Sure! Under the Tuscan Sun is written by Frances Mayes. It's a Romantic Comedy
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Brad Garrett starred in Christopher Robin, Planes and Joan Rivers: A Piece of Work.
The Pacifier is a comedy and action film. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is listed as a Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama and a thriller. It was directed by David Ayer.
Yes. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you read it?
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books that you might like are Xenocide, Wolf Brother, Wolf Brother.
It was released in 1981, so it is a classic.
Hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this novel?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost souls: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, Circling the Sun, and City of Glass.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Historian was written by Suzanne Collins and released in 2005. It's a film adaptation, do you like her?
I am not sure. But I do know that The Historian was influenced by William Shakespeare, who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to learn more about him?
Unfortunately, I don't have any information at the moment. But I do know that Without Fail was written by Dick Hill. Is that one of your favorite genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
The Messenger is a good one or The Mark of Athena.
Help. Did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romantic comedy with some romance thrown in. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Science Fiction.
Yes, that is correct. Val Kilmer is in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a fantasy
Yes she did, she was also in Warcraft, have you seen it?
The Brothers Grimm wrote White and the Huntsman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book by Rick Riordan.
It's a great one! If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know too much about The Weeknd, but i know he's friends with Selena Gomez who also starred in Wreck-it Ralph
That's interesting, I had no idea she was in a movie called The Muppets. Did you know she was also in Princess Protection Program?
Me too! That was a great movie, it was very entertaining!
I love her. At first I found her odd as a performer but I love her acting.
It's a great movie! Will Smith starred in it as well with Will Smith.
Yes, Michael Ealy was in that movie as well! I loved him in Battleship!
he wrote Terms of Endearment
You might enjoy Looking for Alaska by James L. Brooks or Woody Harrelson.
Yes Man is directed by James L. Brooks. He also directed Tootsie which you might like.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Rum Diary and Rocky to name a few. Have you seen either?
Great! She also starred in Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, This is the End, it's a fantasy and comedy film. I think Martin Starr starred in it, too. He's a good actor. He's also in Ghostbusters.
You are welcome enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Karate Kid and Rocky to name a few. Have you read those?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also starred in The Karate Kid. He was also in Shark Tale starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that?
That movie stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leanard.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show also.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
They are Young-adult fiction
No problem, do you need any other information about this movie?
There are 6 parts in this series, 3 I am not sure
Yes, this is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? I highly recommend it.
The Shelters of Stone is a Historical novel that was released in 1993.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi is an excellent actor. He starred in a lots of movies, including Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Derek Jacobi and it's a Western
He did. He also starred in The Tree Musketeers
That is correct. Keith Carradine also starred in the movie Aliens. It's very good.
I know he's an athlete in the Indian national cricket team. But that's all I really know about him.He was also in the Olympics
I am more of a football or baseball fan. I don't know much about it either. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do. I liked Tennis better. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, he's also good at what he does as well.
I do! He's a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Michael Jordan was a great basketball player, right? I've heard he's a good actor. Do you like Space Jam?
I heard he produced Ghostbusters. Did you know that Ivan Reitman starred in the 2nd movie?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure. The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
The Lightning Theif is a fantasy novel.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Titan's Curse
Have you read The Great Gatsby? It's a classic.
It was released in 1987. That's the same year that The Great Gatsby was released.
He has written a few things, including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you like Michael Crichton because it was a Romantic Comedy?
I'm sorry! I don't have any recommendations for similar writers.
It's written by David Levithan and has a genre of Fantasy and fiction.
You're welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
Well, if you like sci-fi then you might like The Incredibles!
Yes, he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles!
You are so welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it may be a book of the same name written by Jonathan Swift
Sure, he also wrote the book called Ian McKellen.
Sure. Ed Sheeran wrote Kick-Ass which is a really popular song by him.
Yes, it was he also composed You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
Love him! Let me know if I can recommend you more
It was a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse or Speculative fiction?
The Thief of Alligator was written by Rick Riordan. The Thief of Alligator is a young-adult fiction novel.
He has also written Thief of All the Light We Cannot see. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, The Two Towers was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a Fantasy, Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Then you might enjoy The Return of the King or The Blood of Olympus.
I'm not sure, but it would be good to know if she was in it.
Definitely! Do you like Adventures of Sherlock Holmes because it is a Mystery book?
Great! Did you know Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes? It was released in 1895.
It's genre is Mystery. Do you like Mystery books?
Detective fiction is a short story.
Well, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you interested in other books by her?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Have you read it?
Yes, The Girl on the Train was filmed in Kill Bill. I am not sure of other films filmed there.
Yes, Sam Smith wrote The Pursuit of Happiness and one of my favorite songs. Have you heard of it?
I've never seen him, what is the genre of his work?
Yes, she's a great singer. I liked her sings and acts too. Do you?
Yes! He directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like movies directed by David O. Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy it
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It's a novel that was published in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is. Do you like dramas?
Yes I recommend The Gods Themselves. It is a drama.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and The Butterfly Effect.
Yes, she starred in it, along with Tomei in The Wrestler.
She starred in The Wrestler, it also starring Marisa Tomei
No, it's very good, I think you will enjoy it!
You're very welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He is in many great films, including The Legend of Tarzan, The Order of the Phoenix, and Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald. Have you seen those?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Lathe of Heaven and The Doom Generation. Have you read either of these?
Sure, The Dark Knight Rises is a similar one.
You're welcome!
Sure Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi? He was in that. It was a great movie!
It is a good movie, there are some other actors in it like Donald Sutherland and Chris Hemsworth.
Sure. Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Sam and The Lord of the Rings.
Sure thing! J.K. Rowling also wrote The History of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It's in the English language, I'm not sure what it's in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. Do you like their movies?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good Sci-Fi movie, as is Interstellar.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
It stars Brad Pitt, Danny DeVito, and Jack Nicholson to name a few.
Great, I think you might like Zombieland and Yesterday Was A Lie. Have you seen these?
Yes! His song We Rode in Trucks is unbelievable!
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like this type of music?
He wrote Law abiding citizen
That's a good movie, I think you may really like it. It's starring Emily Watson. Do you like her work?
She's great. She also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight
You're welcome
He is a writer, she wrote The Verdict and Leigh Brackett. Have you read those?
I am not sure but I do know he is a scientist and poet
It is Crime Fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books written by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The One
Hope you enjoy it
You're welcome
Sure! The two that come to mind are "Waking Life" and "Waking Life."
Yes, it is a Romance and starring Nicky Katt. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, I hope you enjoy
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Paper Towns.
Glad I could help.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He did. He also directed Good Will Hunting. Have you seen it? It's one of his best Indie films, but he did direct it!
That's right! He was also in The Matrix Reloaded. That was a great movie!
There were so many great movies, I think you would enjoy The Running Man, or The Matrix.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read those?
I don't, but he was also a director as well. He directed Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim, When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries.
Didn't she star in a lot of movies? I saw he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz. He's a very good comedian
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure, but I know it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Yes, he is an actor who starred in many good movies such as Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain. Are you a fan?
Thirteen Moons has the genre of Thriller, Suspense, and Social Criticism.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Tale of Two Cities.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I don't know him. I am curious about their music, but I think I'd like to listen to them all. I love their music. The new Taki Taki Taki Taki Taki Taki
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes, he wrote a few fiction books, including The Black Pearl and Sing Down the Moon.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis athlete from China?
Yes, he did. He participated in the 2012 Olympics.
You're welcome, are there any other sports you enjoy watching?
She wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944,
It appears to be in English. Do you like English books?
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt was influenced by Richard Adams.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore and Martin Scorsese.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is a good one. Have you seen it?
Sure. Do you like War films? Or Vicente del Toro?
Sandra Bullock starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it was written by Art Linson.
you are welcome! Have a nice day.
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Chris Rock is the star of that movie, do you know who also starred in this movie?
1994
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much, but I heard Grousbeck is the owner of the Celtics. Did you know that?
I don't watch it, I am a Lakers fan. I am a Lakers fan too. Do you have a favorite team?
I'll have to check out one of their games. Did you know that Michael Jordan was in the NBA?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes thats true. Do you like movies with Ed Stoppard?
Simon West directed Shooting the Past, which was a great movie
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Tuck Everlasting is considered a Drama and a Romance Novel. Would you like to know more about Tuck Everlasting?
Yes, it is a romance novel, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
You are welcome!
Do you like comedy-drama films?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow, and he also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen them?
Yes, that's right, he starred in that movie. Do you like his movies?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage is an actor, he starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2011. It also starred Keanu Reeves, who also starred in Milos Forman.
Gravity was released in 2010. It was directed by Roland Emmerich and it was released in 2011.
The X-Men: Days of Future Past is one of them.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really know much about football, but I do know that they are owned by Jim Caldwell
I didn't know that. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you like football?
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
Sure, The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
Rebecca Hall starred in Gone in Sixty Seconds
You are most welcome, please enjoy!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. It is a war novel. Do you like war books?
I am not sure, but it is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any similar books, but I do know that The Chronicles of Narnia which was also released in 1944.
You are welcome
Sure, I do. He wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
It was released in 2008 similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, it's a good book. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities is written by Richard Maxwell?
It is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a Historical novel?
I've heard of it. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Monstrumologist, The City of Ember, and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen any of those?
Cars was released in 2004. It's an animated movie starring Tim Allen. Do you like comedies?
Cars 2 has a guest starred by Justin Timberlake. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You are welcome, enjoy!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great. Didn't he star in Ocean's Eleven?
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Yes, you should, especially if you like thrillers. He's in a lot of movies like Scream 4.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. They play in the National Football League as a member of them.
I am a fan of the redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do like the Redskins
That one was written by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Wyrd Sisters is a good one, another speculative fiction book
He is on the Golden State Warriors.
I am not sure, I do know that he is actually a basketball player.
No, he is big on the Warriors
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Have you seen either of these?
The Silence of the Lambs is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Well you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs as well, it is a thriller that was produced by Ted Tally. If you liked that one, you might enjoy that one as well.
Enjoy!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, have you watch Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest? It's similar to that one.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he's from Seattle, is a basketball team?
Not a basketball fan. I prefer tennis. Do you follow it?
Yes, they were drafted by Larry Bird. Larry Bird was also a basketball player as well. Do you like basketball?
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it is part of the Gemma Doyle series
Yes it is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
You too
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I'm not a big golf fan either. I do like golf too. Phil Mickelson won the 2007 PGA Championship and he won the 2005 PGA Championship!
I have seen that movie, it was a great movie
The Miami Dolphins are a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Me either. I'm a big fan of the Washington Redskins. Who's your favorite team?
We are currently 4th in their division with the New England Patriots. That was a great game though!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she was also in the movie The Lorax?
That's interesting. Did you know The Giver was first released in 1981?
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
It is also written by John Green and has genre Young Adult Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read those?
Yes, he also directed Breakfast at Tiffany's with Morgan Freeman. Have you seen that movie?
Actually, I have not seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror have you seen them?
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno wrote a book called Never Let You Go, which is written by Jason Statham and starred in it.
That's interesting. Mandy Moore was in that, too. He was also in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that one?
The Warrior's Way is a good one with the same genre. Have you seen it?
You should! Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story! He was also in it as well!
Yea, I bet you do! He was also in That Thing You Do!, which is a great film!
You should check out Let Me Down. It's very good!
Yes. It is a science fiction book written by Steven Spielberg. Are you interested in this genre?
The Goonies is a movie starring Robin Williams, but he also directed A.I Artificial Intelligence. You like that film?
Sure, it was released in 2010. Another good Sci-Fi movie you might enjoy is X-Men: First Class.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life. It's one of his best movies.
He was in Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie are another good Sci Fi film
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure one is Scarlett Johansson, Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Sergio Leone and was released in 1996.
I believe so. He is also a director.
I'm sorry I don't have information on films he has starred in but he was also in The Godfather Part II and Lost Highway.
Witless Protection is an action film also starring Al Pacino. It was released in 1997.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino and Bill Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
She is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Some of her latest albums are Lady Gaga and Mama Said
Yes, I am a Beatles fan, but I don't really know their music. What's your favorite song?
I personally like their music but I am more familiar with Linkin Park though. I think some of them are very old music though.
They're pretty dynamic on and off the top of my head. I love their music. How about you?
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Twighlight, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of these?
He was in The Incredibles with Liam Neeson. Do you like action movies?
He was in quite a few movies including The Wicker Man, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Tyrone Giordano starred in The Family Stone alongside Craig T. Nelson. It's a very good movie.
She was in The Prize winning Titanic! You've heard about that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel.
Of course, she also wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, and Ariel.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was influenced by Virginia Woolf, and Virginia Woolf.
I think he was the most popular song of his is Never Let You Go.
Me either, thanks for letting me know. Were there any other people you are interested in?
Oh yes, that's the one with the whale. It was written by John Lennon. Have you seen it?
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder, you might like that.
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, but it was released in 1513.
Unfortunatelly, Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, and was released in 1513.
Oh you must give Il Principe a try! It was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in 1513.
Sure, he wrote The Three Musketeers. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you it was released in 2005.
It is! Marina was released in 2005. She also wrote La sombra del viento.
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Color Purple is a fantasy novel, and the genre is fiction. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, it's genre is musical. Do you like musicals?
Oh Oh that starred Christopher Nolan. He's a great writer. What genre do you like?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by John Lennon and produced by him
You are welcome, Enjoy !
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid C.F.. I don't really follow him
Wow. Thanks for letting me know. Thanks for the info.
I liked them better than they usually do. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter is considered a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is also a Fantasy novel.
That was released in 1979.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote The Matrix, have you read it?
She was in Princess Mononoke, which was released in 1985. She was also in Waiting for Forever and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
It was produced by Gary Gray. It also stars Angelina Jolie and Roscoe Lee Browne.
Of course! Enjoy!
Sure. Matt Damon starred in Ocean's Thirteen which is a drama and a action film. Do you like action films?
The Fight Club is a drama and a comedy film directed by David Fincher. The film stars Brad Pitt
I don't know about a comedy, but I do know that Shark Night is also starring Katharine McPhee
Brad Pitt has starred in several movies including Sleepy Hollow, Django Unchained, and Annie Hall.
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
Yes it is! It is also a Romantic film, similar to The Theory of Everything.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete, plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
You should watch Cricket then. It is a great sport to watch.
That's interesting to know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree. Do you have a favorite coach Byron scott?
Mike Brown is a good coach
Yes, Holes is a great book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
He also wrote Les Fleurs du mal and Le Petit Prince. He is a great writer.
Would you like to know more about the book Holes?
I know that he's a basketball player but I don't follow the sport. Do you?
I am not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
The Warriors are a professional basketball team in basketball. The Warriors are a popular team in the NBA.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Sure! Vulgars has a Genre of Adventure and Comedy. It's a good film as well.
Sure. It's a good one. It's a drama and a mystery. Its on Netflix.
Sure, he also directed and starred in the movie The Pursuit of Happiness, which is a drama and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Absolutely. I hope you enjoy it.
I know they are a soccer team, do you follow soccer?
i know of any other players. do you watch any other sports?
It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth, The Omen and The Pillars of the Earth are some of Terry Goodkind. Have you heard of them?
It is a drama. It falls under the genre of Fantasy as well as speculative fiction.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Dystopia and fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Yes The Tales of Beedle the Bar is a Fiction novel that was released in 1949.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is considered children's literature.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
It is a children's novel, do you like childrens books?
I hope you enjoy it, you are welcome.
You are welcome.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Wes Welker has also starred in The Houston Rockets. He is great. Did you know that?
Do you like Stephen Gostkowski? He's with the Seattle Seahawks. He's a great quarterback.
Yes I do. He is an infamous boxer that boxed for many years. His nickname is Money. Do you like Boxing?
Yeah, I thought it was a good fight, didn't he?
Wow, I didn't know that.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote The War of the Worlds.
The genre is science fiction. Do you like science fiction books?
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you seen that?
You may want to try The Time Traveler's Wife by Stephenie Meyer. It's in the romance genre. It's the same type of Movie as Twilight.
Of course. It stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Rock. It's an adventure film like Twilight.
Great. Do you need any more information about the movie or something else?
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2015. Is that of interest?
Yes, she won The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and the Award for Best Actress.
Sure, how about The Magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project?
The Magic of Thinking Big and How to Win Friends and Influence People are both good books I recommend.
He also wrote Principle Centered Leadership if that helps.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is in the genre of Adventure. Would you like to watch Jack Reacher?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leonard.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is very good music
Ziggy Marley is a great songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know a whole lot but he has done some dance music but I think you might like Don't Go Breaking My Heart is a good one.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend Ratatouille. It's an adventure film and it was released in 2010.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Brad Pitt directed Escape from New York, which is a great movie you may like.
Have you seen Zodiac? It's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I'll add them to your list. Enjoy!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but I heard of it! It's a pretty good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yup, it was!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she's friends with Clay Aiken?
I am not familiar with the song Stronger, but I agree with you that she is very talented. Aside from being a singer, she's also a model and a musician?
I am unsure. I do know that she has a very good voice. She's also a very good singer.
Yes, I also like reality television shows. Have you ever watched any shows?
If you enjoyed City of Fallen Angels, City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to read it?
City of Fallen Angels is a fantasy novel by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
The Mortal Instruments is part of the series The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great book!
No problem! Enjoy your book!
Of course. Terry George wrote Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo.
It is an adventure and adventure film.
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
It is a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Drama, similar to The Pillars of the Earth.
I am not sure, but I do know that The Other Boleyn Girl is starring William H. Macy, who also starred in The Killing Room.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's considered a fantasy novel. Are you interested in fantasy books?
That's a good question. It's considered a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
Yes, the main star was Steven Spielberg. He also directed Goonies. Do you like him?
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Raven King. Do you like fiction books?
Yes it was, have you seen it? It was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Are you a fan?
The Siren is considered a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, it's great! The Siren is also considered one of her best books for young adult fiction books. Have you read it?
Sure, that was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
The Modern Prometheus is a speculative fiction novel by Percy Bysshe Shelley. Are you interested in that genre?
Frankenstein was also in The Last Legion written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes she was, she also starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars? he also wrote Paper Towns.
I think he is a basketball player. Do you follow the sport?
Didn't he play with the Chicago Bears? I'm not sure who is he.
Yes that's true. Do you know what position does he play for?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction film, do you like that genre?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes I have. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but a sci-fi flick, was released in 2011. Is that what you're looking for?
James Franco and Tyler Labine are a few of the actors in the film. Do you like them?
Volcano stars Tom Petty and Kevin Spacey. It was released in 2011. It's a very good Sci-Fi.
Yes, it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, she was in that movie as well! Do you like his movies?
It was Kurt Vonnegut. He was in it, that was a good film.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not so much, I am not a Real Madrid fan. Are you a Real Madrid fan?
I don't. I am a fan of basketball. How about you?
I am not a big sports fan but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around
I am a redskins fan so I don't know much about them. What is your favorite team?
They sure do. They will be in the Super Bowl XLVII too.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Yes, Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
That's a good one! It was released in 1997 and directed by Ryan Reynolds.
That movie was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I know he's a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I'm not a big fan of his music. But I know he is a very good singer
I've heard of her but I don't think I've heard of her.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like What Alice Forgot by Liane Moriarty. It was released in 2014.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction type novel. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Speaker of the Dead and Aeon Flux are also Speculative fiction
I am not sure who wrote Waylander, do you know any other books about this author?
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, Aladdin is a great movie! Do you like movies starring Aladdin because it's a family movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Howard
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets! Have you seen those?
She has a new version of The Edge of Glory that was released in 1987. Did you know it was rereleased?
She was in The Muppets too! That was a good question, I don't think I've heard that one.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Ok, if you like Yellow too, you should watch The Pursuit of Happyness, it's kind of a miniseries.
Yes, they did. It's located in Amsterdam.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
I like comedies. He also starred in The House of Mirth and The Lorax.
She is starring in the movie Vampire Academy.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It has genres drama and adventure. Do you like those genres?
i would classify it as a Family . what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I sure do, he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz. You like her?
Sure, a few you might enjoy are Prince Caspian, Pink Friday and Loud. Do you know them?
Thriller, Comedy, Drama, and Comedy. What type of music do you like?
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Five Love Languages.
The genre is a fiction book
The year it came out
Is that also Historical fiction?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy movies?
You're welcome
Yes, the movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like animated films?
If you like drama, you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. It's one of my favorites.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shelley Duvall and Xander Berkeley are the major stars in the film.
Yes, Tate did. The O.C. series was released in 1999.
Then you will love it!
Do you like The Godfather because it is crime fiction?
Have you seen The Godfather II? It stars Robert Duvall, who also starred in it.
I am not sure who starred in it. Do you like crime movies?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie, and was written by Stan Lee. Do you like the movie or the genre?
Sure Angelina Jolie has also starred in Wild at Heart. Have you seen that one? It is a historical film but it is highly recommended!
Yes! She was in it, and Mrs Smith was in it too!
Yes. That was a funny movie too!
You are correct! He was in that comedy too. It was quite funny.
He plays for the Germany national team, as well as the Manchester United F.C. team
I'm not sure but he plays the Midfielder.
He plays the Midfielder and he is a midflelder.
I know he is a football player, but I don't know much about him.
It is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
Yes, I believe he is. Do you watch any other sports?
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, He was in Edge of Tomorrow. Did you like it because it's a science fiction film?
I'm not sure, but Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and that's one of my favorites.
Yes, she was in Zombieland too. Would you like to know more about her?
Awesome. I hope you enjoy it.
That's a good one! Did you know that it's a romantic comedy?
I like romantic comedies. I also like Zooey Deschanel.
I think you should watch The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you like murder mystery.
I haven't seen Pacifier, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Leguizamo?
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Z for Zachariah is a romance novel that came out in 2002. It's considered a classic.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Beautiful Darkness was released in 2013 and is considered a romance novel.
I love the Yankees, but I'm not a fan of the Yankees. Are you a fan?
He's from California. Are you a Yankee fan?
Yes, it was written by Spike Jonze and directed by P. Craig Russell. Are you familiar with them?
I see that Tom Sawyer produced it, did you know that?
He also produced That Thing You Do
I am not sure, but he did write and directed That Thing You Do
Sure, it also stars Donnie Wahlberg and Steve Carell. Do you like those actors?
Do you want to know other movies starring Bruce Dern or Michael Rapaport?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like drama films?
It is a great movie, Robin Williams was in it as well along with Good Will Hunting.
No I haven't. Do you know that The People Speak is starring Ben Affleck?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
Did Joe Montana in Super Bowl XLVII?
Yes, he's a good one, I think the Steelers had a chance. I don't follow the NFL much, but I do like the Seahawks.
Do you like the genre Drama or the Drama aspect of it?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick, it is a young-adult fiction novel, do you like fiction?
The Women of Brewster Place has a genre of Historical Fiction, Drama, and Thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
She starred in A Beautiful Mind.
You should. Let me know if you need anything else.
Sure! Dark Lover is a part of a series by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That was also the year that released Z for Zachariah. You like that genre?
The Mist was made into a movie with Maze Runner. That was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Something Wicked This Way Comes.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman. That is also a great sci-fi book.
Certainly! Anything else?
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg and starred in it as well. The movie was directed by Woody Allen.
I'd recommend checking out The Big Lebowski. It's a very good film.
Sure, enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall
The Invasion stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. They are also great actors.
She was in the X-Men series as well. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well I know that he's in a relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
Sure, Cadillac Records is one of her latest movies. Did you know she starred in the movie Redskins?
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
I haven't seen it yet, I think I will check it out! Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
The Muppets with Will Smith is definitely a movie! It's definitely a classic! I think you'd like it, that's definitely a great movie!
You may like Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Let me know if that is true.
Essential Readings for the Non-believer was released in 2000. It's part of a series of non-fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, John Scalzi wrote it and he also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The Flying Scotsman starring Billy Boyd is a similar movie.
World War Z is a similar movie starring Orlando Bloom
Zulu is starring Orlando Bloom, who also starred in The Return of the King
You're welcome.
Yes, She is a writer, poet, poet and author. Have you heard of The Journals of Sylvia Plath?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you follow golf?
Yes I like Caddyshack, and Happy Gilmore too! Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
That's interesting. Did you see Hot Tub Time Machine? It was a great movie.
Would you like it to be based on Sci-Fi?
It is a psychological thriller and horror film. Are you interested in those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Now You See Me the movie is written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote X men 2
The Pelican Brief is a drama/crime and released in 1994. It is a drama/crime. Do you like these types of movies?
No, I don't have any information about The Pelican Brief, but I can tell you more about it if you'd like?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance or because it is a psychological thriller?
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, which is also a Young Adult film.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Jim Carrey and Jesse Carrey are both in it.
Bradley Cooper was in Valentine's Day, another comedy drama movie Bradley Cooper was in
He stars in a lot of comedy movies such as Zodiac, The Words, and Fast Five.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and it was a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure can you try Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee?
You should watch it if you haven't already seen it I think you will like it
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
It was written by Edward G. Jones, who also wrote Emma.
He wrote Merry Madagascar and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Yes, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
She was in the movie The Incredibles, it's a science fiction film. Have you seen it?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Another good show is Tomorrowland. Have you seen that one?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is an Action Film?
You might enjoy The Tempest Terror then. Sylvester Stallone was in that. He was also in The Hunt for Red October.
It's a martial arts film, similar to Rocky.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Sara Gruen who also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Great. I'm adding to your list for you. I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for that.
It was released in 2011. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I didn't know that. I know he was in the NBA. I think he was good at the Olympics. Do you like basketball?
Blake Griffin won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year award. Do you like him?
It seems like I've ever seen a rivalry with the Rockets before. Oh wow yea!
Oh wow . That's a great one! Thanks for all the information.
Sure. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes it is, a very similar movie.
The Godfather Part II is an action movie, if you haven't seen it I recommend The Apocalypse Now.
The Godfather Part II is more of a drama, but The Apocalypse Now is a classic.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Matrix?
Absolutely. Other movies in that genre include The Bounty Hunter and The Mask.
Great. I will have to check it out. Thanks!
Yes, it's a Drama
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and The One Plus One.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre young-adult fiction.
She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Life of Pi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film, and an Action Film.
The Perfect Storm stars in that movie. It's a psychological thriller if you haven't seen it. It's also a great movie!
I can't remember when it came out, but Nadine Velazquez also produced and directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, Rio 2, and The Ugly Truth.
Saving Grace was released in 1974. Have you seen it? It's a great movie!
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Oh I know a lot about tennis but I don't follow it either. It's really sad to remember when Simona Halep played with her sister Serena.
Oh wow yea. I never heard of Serena before.
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
Yeah, I think they should stick to watching Super Bowl XLVII. Did you know that?
I believe the most of this book is a book, but I am not sure. It was released in 1958.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl and Gone with the Wind. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was in a Romantic Comedy! If you like James Franco, you might also like You, Me and Dupree.
The Wrestler is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Ernest Hemingway.
It is a drama
You might also like Why Did I Get Married Too. It was hilarious.
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
No, I don't think I've heard about it. What sport do you like?
Yuvraj Singh also played cricket
Sure, it's a fantasy book written by C.S. Lewis and is part of the series The Voyage of the Dawn and The Son of Neptune.
He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
It's considered a Romance.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter pan, which are Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, do you like Peter Pan because it's a drama?
The Golden Compass with Jim Carrey is a good one.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction book.
The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by American author George R.R. Martin, who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
The book is a young-adult fiction novel by American author Janet Leigh.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
That's also by Richard Pevear; it's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
That is a Science Fiction genre, similar to The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly and Chris Hemsworth?
I do not know who wrote it, but I do know it was starring Kristen Connolly. Do you like her work?
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Great, I hope you enjoy it! Do you want me to add it to your list for you?
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie or because it's an adventure?
If you liked that one, you should check out The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Sure he also directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That was a great year for movies. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I'd recommend The Blind Side. It's a very good action movie written by Christopher Nolan. He also directed it.
I would definitely recommend Biography! Did you know that he also starred in The Blind Side?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is a great tennis player, do you like her?
I am not a big tennis fan but I do know that Venus is also ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles by the WTA singles rankings
Venus is also ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on separate occasions.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Honestly I haven't seen it either. I like romantic comedies. Do you like romantic comedies?
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Proposal, you might like That Thing You Do! It's a good one!
Yes, It's a Mystery and Drama flick. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He's in this movie.
It was directed by Neil Gaiman. Do you like him?
It has a great cast, including David Koepp, Tim Pigott-Smith and Emma Stone.
It came out in 2003 with a great cast.
Do you like Superhero movies? You might like The Green Hornet. Have you seen them?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
yea he was in that movie as well. That was a great movie.
Yes, he was in that, too. It's a good movie.
I'm sure you will like it, I hope you enjoy it.
you too
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
you have The Reamde has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Great. Then you will like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend The Lies of Locke Lamora.
It is, enjoy!
So sorry, I don't have that information.
ok. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct. Miley Cyrus and Jessie J also write The Wide Window.
No problem, enjoy!
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Yes, I like Outlander, it's a science fiction book. Are you interested in science fiction books?
Besides the Outlander, she wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Three Musketeers. Are you a fan of hers?
She is an American author of children's books. She is influenced by Virginia Woolf.
No I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Not really. I don't follow football much. How about you?
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie. I think Hayden Panettiere was in it, too. I liked him in Next Day Air, though.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you familiar with those?
That movie has the genre adventure and action. Do you like action films?
Of course, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Peter Kosminsky directed Wyatt Earp. He also directed Pyramids.
Madonna that dated Guy Ritchie and Sean Penn?
I don't know much about Madonna, but he was influenced by Virginia Woolf.
Gone with the Wind is my favorite one. What's yours?
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I'm not a big fan of football. Are the Jets part of the Jets?
I did not know that. Is the Jets part of the New York Jets a football team?
Yes, he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham and Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes I have. It is a south korean boy band. Do you like them?
I have. Isn't that cool? I've heard they're very popular in K-pop.
Oh good, I'll have to check that out. Thanks for letting me know.
Well he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I'm sure he is. They all star in Pauly Shore is Dead. He's friends with Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did! It's a really good one with Dj Khaled, who also wrote The Wash and Why Did I Get Married Too.
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and was a drama/fantasy film. It was released in 2003.
It's a comedy about a white man living in a tiger like the Ice Nymphs. It was released in 2003.
She was also in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Are you familiar with those?
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's considered a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
She's written The Little Friend and The Goldfinch. Have you read them?
It's a drama and a crime fiction book. Do you like those types of books?
Sure, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't know much about Armageddon, only that it was written by Michael Bay. Would you like to know more about him?
It's a psychological thriller with Dwayne Johnson. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like Dwayne Johnson, you should check out Blade Runner
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't really follow cricket, I don't really follow it. I like Sachin Tendulkar.
Yes, I think he's a forward and a midfielder.
I hope it's a good Super Bowl this year. What's your favorite team?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Absolutely! She was also in the Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
I am not sure but I believe Lea Thompson was in The Wild Life. Have you seen it? It is a great movie!
I've never seen that one, but it sounds good. Have you seen it?
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and he starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you ever seen that?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Stanlee was written by Steven Spielberg
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film, Memento, and Valentino as well. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by Christopher Nolan, He also wrote The Prestige.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is also a Thriller.
Sure, I will add them to your watch list.
I don't really know much about them, I do like their coach Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's cool. What is yours?
I don't know too much about the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm sorry I don't have that information
I don't know too much about them but I heard they are a good team.
He has written some good books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yeah, that's great. Did you know Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables? He also wrote that.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables. Would you be interested to check that out?
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They are great superhero films.
Timothy Dalton is one of the starring actors in that movie.
Deadpool was released in 2008 and is written by Douglas Adams.
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Absolutely! I think you will enjoy Fight Valley. Enjoy!
I think he is a good football player. I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Soccer is my favorite team. Do you have a favorite team?
Thanks for letting me know. Do you like any other sports?
Yes she is. I was just watching the Muppets the other day and she starred in that.
I don't think I've seen him in that movie. I don't know if I've ever seen Men in Black 3. It's a good movie.
I think I'll watch it tonight. Enjoy it!
Sure, Step Brothers is a comedy action film directed by Ivan Reitman.
John C. Reilly also stars in Shutter Island and Gone, Baby, Gone and some other great films
It was released in 2007
Sure. The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
The Kings Speech was rated PG - X - he also starred in the movie The Damned United
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that, I'm not a big fan of the Panthers. He sure did a good job with them.
That's cool. I've heard they were a runner up in Super Bowl XXIV.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
She was also in Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
He was also in The Wildest Dream with Ralph Fiennes. You should definitely watch that movie.
Yes,He is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He wrote Bandits which is similar to Mickelson. Do you like cricket?
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
No I haven't, but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be released in Las Vegas. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he was also in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Do you like thrillers?
Yes I have! He was also in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet, hope you enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read that?
Juraissic is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
The Polar Express is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
Yes, she was, along with Zombieland
Jennifer Lawrence is also in it. It's a science fiction movie
Other adventure films I can recommend are; Wolverine and the Watchmen
I'm sorry I don't show any information on those movies
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandmand: Endless Nights. Both are great books.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1997.
Yes, that's true. Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. What do you like about Forrest Gump?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I don't have a favorite player but i heard Jim Caldwell
He played a forward. he is a good player
I am not sure but they have a good season
I think she is a great singer and I really like her song Wild Ones. Have you heard it before?
I have never seen it, but I heard she was good in Ocean's 8. Do you like her acting?
Yes, they are good movies. Sam Neeson was in that movie too, he was a good actor. I liked him in the movies too, he's a good actor
I do, he starred in Desperado. Are you a fan of his work or just his acting?
Yes, he was. he was also in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure what year it came out, but I've seen some of her pop hits on the radio.
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of historical fiction?
Sure, it was released in 1853 the same year that Jane Eyre touched on the topic of Morality and was influenced by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with her work?
If you liked that one, you should check out The Professor. I highly recommend it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
There's Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1867, also written by Robin Buss. It's considered a classic.
It was released in 1867, the same year as The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
Definitely! Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with Wicked. Do you like the author or the genre?
Of course, she also wrote Last Night at Cheteau Marmont, and Channing Tatum.
It's a drama, similar to Last Night in Montreal.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I am, it was released in 2013 and written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan?
I do, but I don't know a whole lot about The Last Star. That's a book I should read.
Yes, Yancey's writing is similar to The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Sure, Robert Jackson wrote a book called The Story of Success. Would you like to know more about it?
It was written by James Dashner
It was released in 1595
Sure! Do you like Romance Films?
If you have a romantic aspect, I would recommend Why Did I Get Married Too. Have you seen either of those movies?
The film was written by Sara Gruen and starred Robert Pattison and Rupert Graves.
Of course, enjoy
I do. It's an Historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford. Do you like Historical fiction?
You should check it out. That was a good book
I believe it's somewhere in the United States of America.
Sounds good
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a superhero movie with a bit of war.
He starred in The Civil War, The Republic of Love, The Civil War, and The Civil War.
It is written by John Grisham and he also wrote a book called The Pelican Brief. Would you like more information about this book?
If you liked that one, you may want to try The Matrix Revisited. It was written by John Grisham.
I might also recommend The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief. You might enjoy those.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
That is correct. I highly recommend Tim Dolin. He wrote it.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray, which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
She also wrote The Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome, enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is in the genre Fantasy. Another book in the same genre is The Chamber of Secrets. Have you read that?
it is Family genre
The Jungle Book and Mr. fox
the genre is fantasy
you are welcome
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
It was written by J. D. Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
The Son of Neptune is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in Tombstone and The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but he was in a great movie called X-Men 2.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Willis was great! I think you'll enjoy the film!
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
I agree, Damian Lilliard is he a great Point Guard and he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
I like LeBron James, I think he's a good player. What do you think of him?
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. I think he is a good point guard.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
I don't, but J.D. Salinger also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam, and Nine Stories.
I have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what type of music they play?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Isn't she married to Shakira? She's very talented. Is she any good dance music you enjoy?
I know that it is a fiction book, released in 2001. It is part of a series.
It was released in 2001, the same year as The Poisonwood Bible.
I have not read that one. But I heard it was good. It is a very good read.
Great, I recommend The Poisonwood Bible. You may want to try it.
Great! I'm glad I could help.
Looper stars Noah Segan, who also starred in Chain Letter and All About Evil. Do you like his work?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Western, Thriller starring Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Daniel Craig to name a few. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
He also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome, enjoy!
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and The Man in the Iron Mask.
It is a comedy
You are very welcome
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like it?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are highly recommended by him.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about football but I do know he was born in Argentina. I think he plays forward and he is very famous.
That was released in 1960. Do you like that book?
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You should check out Afraid of Ghosts. It produced by James Patterson.
She wrote Emma. Emma was released in 2005.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical novel that is the first of a trilogy. The main character continues destructive attempts to control Wideacre.
Yes, they are both historical fiction books.
Your welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It's a European Football team based in England.
They're coached by Mike McCarthy. They're a great team.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actor. He starred in several movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'm not sure about that novel, but I know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel.
I haven't read The Beginner's Goodbye but will check it out
I hope you enjoy it
The Miami Dolphins are a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Not really a Packers fan. I am a Redskins fan and I like the Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's really cool. What is yours?
Sure, do you like Spike Jonze or Spike Jonze?
It has a great cast, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard, and Til We Have Faces.
I'm not sure of the release date but I do know it was released in 1995!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I agree. I think she is very talented. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Victorious was a very good Sitcom. She was also in the X-Men series as well
Yes, Zoey 101 also starred Mila Kunis and Patrick Stewart.
She was also in Little Miss Sunshine.
I love Downfall, it is written by several people including Taudl Junge. It is a war film.
That's a good one! It was released in 1998 and directed by Roland Emmerich. He was also in Batman. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel. It's considered a historical novel.
Sure, another fiction novel is Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you read that one?
It's added to your list for you. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's an adventure and family film.
Yes it is! Have you seen it?
Yes she was in that as well. Another good Sci-fi movie you might like is Wolverine.
Correct! Wreck it Ralph was released in 1998 and was directed by Ken Daurio
No problem, Enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XVII?
I don't know much about the Cowboys. Who is their quarterback this year?
Tony Romo is also a director! Did you know the Giants home venue is at the AT&T Stadium?
Do you like science fiction movies? Wes Anderson starred in several.
Owen Wilson was in that film as well including Hitchcock. Would you like to watch it?
Did you know that Owen Wilson also starred in the comedy Happening in Vegas?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any stats about him. Is he a good athlete?
I don't know if he's good. Can you tell me more about his stats?
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, The Running Man, and The Moon and More. Have you read any of them?
It came out in 1927. It's considered a classic.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder. I don't follow the sport.
Yes, I have been a fan since I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is considered a comedy and adventure film. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome.
Sure. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies, which stars Channing Tatum and James Russo.
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is also a great movie, if you haven't seen it,
I hope you enjoy Collateral. It's a great movie!
Would you like to know more information about Frances Mayes, or something else?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany, which was made into a movie.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, I don't know her but she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
She's a very talented singer. One of my favorite songs is Don't Go Breaking My Heart
Oh yes she is in it also starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Yes, the Steelers are a professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Did you know that Roethlisberger is not only a member of the National Football League's National Football League?
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
I'm not sure if she's written any other books I've read, but you might enjoy Shadowland.
You're welcome, maybe she'll like her. Would you like some other suggestions?
You're welcome
James Rodriguez is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
Do you have any favorite football teams?
I don't know Radamel Falcao, other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Yes, it stars Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. It is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
It's a drama
There's The Shining with Shelley Duvall
Great, maybe you should try Waiting to Exhale with Whitney Houston, it is a drama.
You're welcome.
I know that he is the sibling of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he did write it as well! Do you like her books?
Yes, it was made into a movie. Did you know it was released in 2014?
Sure Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert. He also wrote Zert.
It's considered a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon also starred in Witness. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i answer for you?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Identity. Did you know it was released in 2010?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Sure. Some of her most famous books are Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do you know any of these?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. The movie was released in 2009 and is a Biographical Film, have you seen it?
I am unsure of that particular movie, but Johnny Cash won the Golden Compass Award for Best Actress in Leading Role. Have you seen it?
Sure, you might enjoy White House Down, Beautiful Creatures, and Vanishing Acts.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, would you like to hear about other books by him?
World War Z is another book written by the same author.
Well it's a fiction book, I thought I'd like to read it.
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more about these?
It's a action adventure
He stars in the movie Spud
It stars Sam Trammell and Jason Cope
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse and his struggle against each other. The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse and his struggle against each other.
Yes, you're welcome.
He starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information, I can tell you that he starred in any other movies he starred in.
The Other Guys was released in 2003
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He's been in The Civil War, The Republic of Love, The Civil War, The Republic of Love. Have you ever seen any of those?
Are you interested in Ned Bellamy movies? He also starred in The Green Mile.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Green Mile. Are you interested in this movie?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is an indie film and drama.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Did you see The Aviator? It starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He also starred in The Aviator.
That's a great one! It was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
Didn't he? James Cameron also starred in The Prestige and Avatar!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, I can recommend you the movie Magic, which is also starring Tom Cruise, have you heard of it?
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in Time Bandits. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Washington Wizards are also a basketball team. Did you know they won the NBA All Rookie Team?
I have. That's a good one too. Didn't Stephen Dorff also star in it?
Yes, I do. She wrote These happy Golden Years and The Long Winter both are good.
Sure. The Long Winter is a fantasy novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder, released in 1946. It is about a boy with a blossoming political career loses all sense of morality for a young woman.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Witches Abroad.
Sure thing. I'll have to do that right away.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
Do you want me to add those to your list?
Sure Garden of Beasts is also a film and a film adaptation. Let's see if you're interested in other films he's written.
It's also a play written by Kylie Scott. It's considered a tragedy.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is written by Dave Pelzer, and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among others
Jim Belushi also starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a really good movie.
That was released in 2003! Would you like to know more about The Pacifier?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
The Dark Knight Rises is a romance film
This movie was directed by Peter Hyams
It was released in 2011
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jenniferlopez has starred in several movies including The Color Purple and Swept Away. Do you like thrillers?
James Rodriguez is an American footballer and plays for the Colombia national football team. He is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes, they are. Did you know that Rodrguez was also born in Bogota?
I think he was a midfielder as well. Do you like football?
No I do not have that information but I do know that Falcoa was also born in Bogota.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and Wood Harris. Have you seen it?
That movie stars Brad Pitt, Jack Nicholson, and Julia Roberts. Do you like either of them?
That movie was released in 1999 and was directed by James Dashner.
You're welcome
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
The Jaguars are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Yes I like football, but I am more of a football fan
She plays badminton, right? She was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays badminton. You like her?
She did! That was a great year for her! The 2012 Olympics was a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I like swimming and swimming. My favorite sport is the Lakers.
He was from the United States of America.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote True Believer and A Bend in the road.
It was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
He also wrote The Notebook and Awakens.
Yes, he was. It was directed by Peter Hyams.
He is, as well as a writer and a film producer.
You are most welcome. Have a great day as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Roger Avary
Yes, there is. It's based on the sequel, Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she was. She was also in Pulp Fiction and Gattaca.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Are you a fan of his work?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
Great question! Michelle Pfeiffer and Anthony Hopkins starred in it.
No problem, enjoy!
It was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Khaled Hosseini?
Yes, it was, directed and produced by David Benioff.
The Kite Runner is a book in the language. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
Sure, enjoy!
Sure, it is a fiction novel, written by Christina Lamb. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he did. It's one of my favorite books. Is there something else I can help you with?
That's interesting. Did you know The Pilgrimage was released in 2000?
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke.
It is a tragicomedy. Are you a fan of his?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and it was released in 1925. It is a novel.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925. Do you like dramas?
There are so many. You may want to check out To Kill a Mockingbird, The Beautiful and Damned, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. They are also dramas.
It was written by Benjamin Button and is considered a drama.
It was released in 1925. It's considered a drama as well.
Of course! That's a great movie. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. It's an action movie, do you like action movies?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Villette is in the genre of Gothic Fiction, Gothic, and Social Criticism. Is that of interest?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, it's a Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
This Lullabye is a Young-adult fiction.
Sure, he directed The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Are you interested in his work?
Great, Daniel Radcliffe and Sandra Bullock both starred in this film.
Great! You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's an excellent Singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
He's a great player but never really heard of him. Is he a good player?
No I don't. I am not very familiar with their team though.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moby Dick.
The Great Gatsby is starring Farrah Fawcett. Do you like Thrillers?
Glad to be of help
Hope you enjoy the movie
Yes, I do. Did you know that it is written by Meg Cabot?
I recommend The Princess Diaries 2 and Son of the Frog. Both are great Disney movies.
It is indeed a children's movie, even though it is not such a fantasy, animated film
That is definitely a good one, you should check it out. It is such a cute cartoon.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's considered a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
White Fang is also a fiction book. I highly recommend The Sea Wolf.
It really is. It was released in 1922 as the same year as The Call of the Wild.
Yes, Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
Are you a fan of Speculative Fiction?
Beautiful Oblivion is a very good one, I think you will enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
Enjoy. Have a great day!
She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
Yes, He starred in it
Meet the Parents is a comedy with some comedy elements. It was released in 2012 and also stars Mel Gibson.
You're welcome
I don't really like football. I think they are doing well this season though
Bears are not my team but i hope they make it to make it to the playoffs. What do you think of them?
Absolutely. Kickoffs is probably one of the best in my opinion.
That's a good one. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like Tombstone, try The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also historical fiction.
That was a great movie! Billy Bob Thornton was also in it, he was also in The Huntsman, and the Denver Nuggets.
I love her music! Did you know she is very talented!
It is, but not a fan of her sister, Janet Jackson, also a singer. She was in Rio de Janeiro.
Did you know that Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Last Song?
Sure, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
The Notebook is a similar one to The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo which is also a romantic novel.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's considered a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
All I know is that its a drama and a action film. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
Yes, it's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Sure. Robert De Niro is also in that film, as well as Leigh Brackett
It appears that she's starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to watch any of those?
She stars in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if she's acted or not, but if you're interested in watching the other films she has starred in.
Certainly! Have a good day!
Fast and the Furious is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
I recommend Fast and Furious 2 and Fast and Furious 2.
Fast and Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Roland Emmerich and it was released in 2006. Is that what you're looking for?
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks. He also directed Zombieland.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
Didn't he also star in X-Men 2?
Sure, he also starred in The Good Doctor, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which is also a film
That's a good one!
Sure, Cat's Cradle was written by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know anything else about the author?
Yes, you might like The Truth About Forever, or The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, it was. A similar book you might like is The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome! Have a great night.
The basketball player who plays point guard yes he is okay
I'm not sure, but he was one of the best point guards in the world. You like basketball?
Wow. I didn't know that. That's cool.
Yes I do. I like his song Do you like it?
I do not have any information on another song writer, but there are some other writers for this song.
yes that is true, do you like his work?
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Do you know who owns the Knicks?
Is Philadelphia a sports team? I don't follow them.
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Day After Tomorrow was a fun film to watch. I'd suggest Geostorm
It's a crime fiction movie. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.?
He was in The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford. Did you see that?
Oh yeah, and he was in The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, that's very interesting. I've heard they're a very good team.
I didn't realize the Men in Black II, but I've heard a little about them.
It's hilarious! I didn't know that he produced it! I've heard he's great!
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
Yes, it was. That's the same year The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy was released.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on similar authors, but did you know that Madame Bovary is also a Romance novel?
My pleasure, let me know if you need anything else.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, it's a Drama and was directed by Peter Gallagher
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it. Do you like their work?
Some of his most famous movies are To Kill a Mockingbird, True Blood and The Way of the Woods
Yes she is and she lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she's a pretty good athlete.
I'm glad she is in that. Is that a romantic comedy?
Yes he produced The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry i don't have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1973 and directed by Ridley Scott.
He also starred in The Good Doctor which is a fantasy movie
Hope you enjoy them
I'm unsure if she has a new album, but he has been dating Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Selena Gomez, and Kirano.
Kristen Wiig starred in that movie as well, along with Shakira. Have you seen it?
It was the Whiting Writers' Award, and she also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
I love James and the Giant Peach but I think I've seen the film.
I do not have that information but it does have a genre of Mystery and Thriller.
The Sandman: Season Of Mists is also a dark fantasy film. Have you seen it?
Sure! Wicked City was written by Christopher Hitchens and a Thriller starring Michael Shannon. It's a very good film.
Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes Last as well as the Handmaid's Tale.
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He sure has, he also wrote Notes on a Scandal
It was released in 2005
Enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other Romance novels at this time.
Sure, you might like The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. It's a Romance novel as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Moby Dick which is a drama and The Whalet is a drama. Do you like that genre?
That's right. It was released in 1851 along with The House of Seven Gables
You're very welcome!
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go!
Yes, it is considered children's literature, as well as children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, and There's Something About Mary. Are you familiar with these?
Sure, he wrote Jurassic Park, starring Al Pacino. Do you like the facts about him?
Surviving Picasso is a comedy
Some of the actors in this movie are Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Petty and Farrah Fawcett.
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those ?
Yes, that's correct. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
You are welcome.
Danny Boyle wrote Young Frankenstein, have you seen that? It is hilarious.
Certainly, he was in Trance, Trainspotting, and Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you enjoy these films?
It's considered a Drama, Thriller and Drama. It was released in 2017.
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy. It also stars Orlando Bloom
He is with Brad Pitt in the movie
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
Zach Galifianakis was in that
Ok sounds good
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Matrix, and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about soccer. But, I like watching Tiger Woods. Did you know that?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, other Thriller movies include The Tourist, Pride and Glory, Man on Wire and High Plains Drifter.
Similar to Philip Pullman is The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke
That's the only book I know by Robin Jarvis. But he wrote Iliad.
Have you read The Golden Compass?
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
Unfortunately I do not know the genre but I do know it was released in 1915
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
Mike Colter starred in King's Speech, Taking Chance, and he also starred in Anchorman.
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yeah, he was in that as well.
Hope you enjoy it
Casino Royale is written by Ian Fleming and Martin Campbell. It is a spy film.
Simón Andreu is the main star. Do you like her work?
I am not sure of the release date but it was released in 2005.
Yes, it was. It was directed by James Patterson.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer also directed it. Did you know that Tom Tykwer also directed it?
She was also in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the movies!
Charlize Theron starred in Burning Plain, which is a science fiction film
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro. Do you like thrillers?
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Rita Hayworth and Sharlto Copley.
Then you might like Shutter Island, starring Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins.
Great, let me know if you need anything else.
That's a great movie, written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Third Twin and The Return of the King.
Sure, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is another interesting one.
It was released in 1999, the same year Shark Night was released.
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read either of those ?
Other books from that period include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it's a coming of age story and something similar to The Diary of a Young Girl. If you haven't read any of those, I can suggest some other autobiographies.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was a science fiction film. Are you looking for something in that genre?
The movie is starring Natalie Portman and Robert Duvall. Do you like Thrillers?
He was in What's Up, Doc?, and Dawn of the Dreadfuls. Have you seen any of those?
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Sure, you might also enjoy the film X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's more of a fantasy or adventure film than those.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which was produced by Ron Howard.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it's an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy comedy staring Katharine McPhee.
The Game of Their Lives was written by James Dashner. If you liked him, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Oh wow, that's very interesting. Do you have a favorite team?
Great, have a wonderful day!
I agree. I think she is a very good athlete. Isn't she dating Tiger Woods?
I'm a big fan of hockey and baseball. What about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What sport do you like?
Sure, Scream is a horror, do you like Horror films?
Yes, Tori Spelling starred in Scream 3 and Scream 4.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta has a big cast consisting of Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
V for Vendetta is genre Adventure. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Xenocide and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre or the author more by that author?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about this novel?
Cinderella is a romance novel.
It's a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
Naomi Watts has starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Want to know more about her?
It was written by Stephen King and starred Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages. Have you read this book?
That song is in the music genre. Would you like to listen to some of his other songs?
Sure, she wrote The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Appreciation, and a few more. Have you read any of those ?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician, songwriter, and a musician.
Frank Capra wrote The Messiah. It is a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i answer for you?
Sure, He is also a musician and a musician. He was born in Saskatchewan
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Did you know Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life? It's a Wonderful Life
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should watch that.
I'm sorry I do not have that information
Great question, it was released in 1958
Yes I do, it was written by Marion Wiesel
i dont have that information
Surely. American Hustle is a great drama. Is that what you're looking for?
It's considered a crime and a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Oh it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. It's very good.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, it is. It's a great sport to watch and you should check it out.
Sure, do you like movies in the genre comedy?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good one. Tammara Webber wrote Easy. Would you like to know more about her?
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies. Is that a genre you like to watch?
Hi there! Steven Soderbergh also starred in Film Executive Produced by Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
He has also starred in The Good German, which is a drama. He also starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
He wrote Watchmen and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It's a science fiction, thriller, while V for Vendetta was released in 2010.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn is famous for writing Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
Sure, it's genre is more Gothic Fiction than if you like that.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like these genres?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and On the Brink of Armageddon. Have you read those?
It was released in 2004 and the genre is historical fiction
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is considered a Fantasy
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
That's interesting I see. Leo was influenced by Rob Cohen and Mary Barton.
Yes, it is. Are you interested in any other books by Charles Dickens you like?
Yes, it was. It's similar to The History of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Great, Have a great day!
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was in The Longest Yard?
Adam Sandler was in that movie, as well as Adam Sandler. Then, he also produced the Watchmen. Have you seen that movie?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them might be great read. JK Rowling was the author
She also wrote The Witching Hour and The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's considered children's literature but it was written by J.K. Rowling too. Have you read Harry Potter?
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. J. K. Rowling is the author of these books.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Yes, it is. The Harry Potter books are also a film in the same genre.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama and Seabiscuit is a crime drama. Traffic is also a crime drama.
Have you seen White House Down? It is a really good crime drama.
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I had never heard of him before. Is he a good player?
Wasn't he another good player?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his work?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I also recommend Waiting to Exhale with Whitney Houston, as it is a romance film.
Yes, that is a great one. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you like other recommendations?
Persuasion is the author of the book Persuasion.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction movie. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not sure but I know she starred in Harvest of Fire with Micheal Crichton.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Last Airbender.
He's a great tennis player. Didn't he lose to Roger Federer?
I watched a match from time to time, but I don't watch a lot about tennis. Who is you favorite player?
No, I don't watch as much, but I heard he is very popular in the world.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Calla are other family novels, have you read them?
I have not read A Light In The Attic, but I have heard of it.
Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama and suspense. Do you like that genre?
World War Z with Brad Pitt is a good one. The River has genre Thriller as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Do you like adventure films?
It also stars Tom Everett and Matt Damon. I think you'll like that movie.
It was produced by Steven Spielberg. Are you familiar with his work?
Did you like the Untouchables because it's starring Sean Connery?
If you like Crime Fiction you might enjoy The Huntsman or The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
No problem, enjoy.
The Hunting Party is another one you might like.
I think he's a great soccer player, but I don't really know much about him.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you like books by female authors?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, No Country for Old Men, and many others. Would you like to know more about any of these?
Great choice, would you like to know anything else about him?
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I didn't know that. What kind of sport do you like?
Andreu was also born in Salto as well, he plays Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, he was also a midfielder and he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes I do. The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. It's a fiction novel.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Yes, The Elite is written by Kiera Cass.
The Siren is considered a film, she also wrote The One, The One, The One, The One and The One.
Kiera Cass also wrote, The Siren, and The One, The One, The One, The One, The One and Two. Do you like his work?
The music was produced by Liane Moriarty.
His genre is more of a crime fiction, but if you want something in particular, he's a must watch.
Sure, do you prefer Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Human Stain and The Green Mile.
It came out in 2002, the same year as The Huntsman: The Green Mile.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Roberto Orci
The genre is Treasure Island and it was released in 1882.
Great. I hope you enjoy reading.
Sure, you will like The Polar Express. It is also a great book.
I did. That was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson.
He's been in a lot of movies. My favorite is The Good Girl, and Tristan & Isolde.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't seen it I'd highly recommend it.
She also wrote the Sea of Monsters which was released in 2016.
It was written in 2014. Another good book was War of the Worlds. Did you know that?
You're welcome.
Sure, Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Litigators and The Hangover. They were both great movies.
Sure. Do you like movies starring Aladdin because it's a family movie?
It came out in 2010. It's considered a historical period drama, as well as a historical period drama, starring Bruce Willis.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Hemingway also wrote The Sun Also Rises, and A Midsummer Night's Dream
The Fairy Tales of Beedle the Bar is another one you might enjoy.
It was released around the same time as Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
OK. Have a great day!
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I heard he's a good quarterback but don't know much about football. Who is he/soccer?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I'm also a fan of Shakira. Do you know her?
Yeah, I like Young Buck how about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
The Soloist also starred Jim Carrey, She's a great actor. Have you seen it?
It's a Historical, Mystery, Crime Thriller. Do you like these genres?
Yes, A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1942.
A Grief Observed was released in 1956
That's a good one! Did you know that he also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn and The Silver Chair?
Will do. Have a great day!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
They're a basketball team in the Madison Square Garden. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I have. Aren't they owned by Mike Woodson?
Oh wow, that is a very interesting sport to watch. Especially the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure, John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels. Do either of these sound interesting?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Are you referring to the director of the movie?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense film.
You're welcome.
I think he's a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
Yup, you should check that out too. he's a great actor.
Thanks for letting me know!
I would have to check back later, he has good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, starring Johnny Depp and Rango. He also directed Rango.
Well, there are several westerns with a few similar ones like The Mexican if that's what you're interested in.
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film
Yes, the writers wrote The Prestige and starred Hugh Jackman.
I believe Christopher Nolan also starred in Memento.
He has starred in many great movies such as The Dark Knight, Batman Begins, and The Dark Knight
You're welcome
The WOnderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It sure is, it is considered a fantasy as well as a Historical period drama.
Another good one is The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, it falls under the speculative fiction genre. Would you prefer that genre?
Yes, she wrote The Great Gabaldon and Other Stories. Would you like to know more about these?
I'm sorry, I don't see any other romance novels at this time.
You are most welcome, enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie, but i'm not sure if it's the movie.
I don't know, but The Holiday was released in 1996 which is the same year The Holiday was released.
It's a fantasy movie, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
YES, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she was in that movie as well
WALLE is a young adult fiction starring Al Pacino. Do you like the genre or the author?
He's in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Cuckoo's Nest are good Sci-Fi movies.
Sure! X-Men is a stand by Hugh Jackman. It's a sci-fi adventure film.
Yes. It's one of my favorites. It's a sci-fi adventure movie. You should check it out.
Oh no- thanks for letting me know!
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Do you like that genre?
Other books by the same author that are Young-adult fiction include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Of course, another one you might like is That Was Then, This Is Now. It's also part of the series and is considered children's literature, so you might enjoy those.
Sure Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. In the same year, the book was released.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve, but what can you tell me about it?
It has Ocean's Twelve. Ocean's Twelve is starring George Nolfi and Brad Pitt.
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I'm a huge football fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I don't know much about SC Freiburg. Is he a German football player?
Paul Sorvino has starred in movies such as; The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Isn't he the one that starred in This Is England '86?
It is considered a Memoir, but its about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. He writes a lot of poetry.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
Snow Flower
China Dolls was published in 2005 and its an adventure book and a film adaptation.
I'm sorry I don't know much about Snow Flower, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Okay, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was directed by Rob Zombie, but it was released in 2013.
It stars Robert De Niro and it is a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006, along with The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote Wild Card, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure thing! The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery and was released in 2009. Does that genre interest you?
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
Oh yes, he is an actor that starred in Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of movie do you like?
Wicked is a Drama/Thriller film. It was released in 1995. Wicked was released as a movie in 2011.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
That's a fiction book. Ken Kesey wrote it, did you know it was released in 1975?
Did you know that he was influenced by William Shakespeare? It's considered a tragedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player. What's your favorite team?
Well, wouldn't Michael Jordan be considered one of the best!
Sylvester Stallone was one of them. Didn't he star in that movie?
Yes, he did. It's a funny movie. Did you know Dan Aykroyd was in it?
Rob Cohen is an actor. He starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel as well. He's a great actor.
He was also in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Grapes of Wrath to name a few
I do! He's a great Singer. His dance-pop album Unbroken was very interesting.
Yes he did and he also starred in Tinker Bell
Yes, I believe so. It is a very good movie
I do too, they're a great football team. Do you like them?
Really, but I'm not a huge football fan. I prefer American football though. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's yours?
I'm not a fan of action thrillers. Do you have a favorite team?
I see that there is one by Paula McLain who wrote The Paris Wife and it is called Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, probably the same year that Circling the Sun was released.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Drive is a Psycho-Thriller written by David Lynch. Do you like Psychological thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Comedy. what else can i answer for you?
this is a Horror film. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars was directed by Josh Boone. Did you know that John Green wrote it?
That's right! It stars Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell. Have you seen it?
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Tony Kagroge and was written by Keir Pearson. its a Thriller
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also stars Thomas Lennon and Frank Grillo.
Great. Enjoy!
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
Zooey Deschanel and God Father were also released that year.
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
Ok, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil and Top Secret. He also starred in The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It was written by C.S. Lewis, who also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Hunt for Red October.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Adventure, Comedy, and Action Film. Do you like these genres?
Collateral Damage is written by David Koepp. He also wrote Non-Fiction.
Glad I could help.
I sure do. He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I'm not sure, but Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection which is a thriller.
The Running Man is a sci-fi action movie, do you like action movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know that Hush Hush is an actor who starred in the movie The Incredible Hulk.
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
Crescendo is more of a drama, but I think you might enjoy it. It was released in 2012 and it was directed by David Ayer.
You are most welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She also wrote Three Cups of Tea
It is a fictional book released in 2005
Okay
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes, you're right. Fred Wilkinson also wrote Escape from New York.
Sure, you can try Zombieland starring Kurt Russell. It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
The Secret was written by Sean Byrne, who also wrote The Power. You might like that one.
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 1997, and The Big Lebowski was an American writer best known for her role.
He's starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2011. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
It's a animated children's film as well including The Ratatouille.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze.
The X-Men is fun to watch. The Golden Compass is a good one too
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Still Alice is one of my favorites! It was released in 2007. Did you know that he is an actor as well?
Did you know that he is also an actor as well?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It's very interesting. I think you will like it!
Sure! He wrote the book, The Little Prince, which is a romance novel. He also wrote The Dog in the Woods which is based on his books.
Yes, it was adapted into a film and adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Coraci wrote Here Comes the Boom, which also starred Christopher Lee.
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Kevin James. Kevin James also directed Frank Coraci.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Witches Abroad and Under the Never Sky are a couple good ones.
Charlie Korsmo stars in Nightcrawler. He's a great actor.
I'm glad I could help!
I know a little about him, he's a stud! He's a stud!
The Order was released in 2002 starring Heath Ledger as well as he starred in it. It's an action film
Madeline Kahn, Scarlett Johansson, and Corey Johnson were all in that movie. It's a wonderful film
No problem, enjoy!
The Blind Side is an action/adventure film released in 1995. It was written by John Dunne. Do you like that kind of movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information about movies. I can tell you that Michael Lewis wrote The Blind Side and starred in it.
It stars Brad Pitt and it is produced by Steven Spielberg.
City of ashed is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Then I recommend The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. City of Ashes is also a film.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, it was released in 2013 and is a sequel to The Shadowhunter's Codex.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Alfonso Cuaron directed Children's literature and he also directed the drama Boys Don't Cry. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
Yes, it was a very good movie. It has a genre of War.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is a Christian literature written by C. S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He wrote C.S. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces and The Magician's Nephew. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Oh yes, he is very nice. I like the Beatles.
Yes he is. Liverpool is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
Oh yes, he is very talented. I love his music. Don't you think?
Great, Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife of Memory.
Wintergirls is a Thriller that was released in 2014. Wintergirls is a novel that was published in 2011.
Sure, downloading now!
Yes, I do. I am a Rihanna fan. She wrote You da One and Watch N' Learn.
That's a great song too! Did you know that she has a relationship with Robert De Niro?
It is about the story of a group of paisanos, a group of anthropology and taciturn Shadows.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure. He starred in White House Down and The Campaign. Have you seen those?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
No problem, enjoy!
It starred Suzanne Collins and was a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Another good one is Into the Wild. It is by Suzanne Collins. I think you would like it.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, he is a basketball player for the Detroit Pistons. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did. William Devane is great in that film. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, it's a film. J.K. Rowling starred in it. You should check it out.
It's considered a historical film but I'm not sure if it's her. She's a great actress.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks. It's genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it was also a film released in 1999. It is considered a drama.
I would recommend The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. It's a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix Revolutions also starred Keanu Reeves, who also starred in V for Vendetta, and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Man of Steel is one of my favorites, I'm not sure. Do you have a specific genre in mind?
He has starred in The Proposal, it is a thriller movie and it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
It was directed by Scott Kroopf.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, he did. Do you like that type of movie?
He hasn't seen any recent movie
You're welcome
I'm glad I could assist you.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't seen that one but I heard it was good.
Sure, Emmerich also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and Jamaica Inn. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It came out in 1937.
You're welcome.
I don't really like them, I do like their coach Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
If you love the New England Patriots, I think you would like that.
yea hes good. do you like any other players?
i hope you give it a try, thank you for the recommendation. i hope you have a good day
That's good to see, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes I am! I love his music. Did you know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz?
It's a romantic comedy. If you liked it, you might also enjoy Yours, Mine and Ours.
Me either, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of these genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anymore information at this time.
Yea, she was a voice actor in that movie as well!
I can tell you that Joseph Sikora also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The Watcher is a thriller, similar to The Watcher. Would you like to know more about Joseph Sikora?
Yes, that's correct. Leonardo Dicaprio starred in the Watcher alongside Joseph Sikora. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Me, too! She wrote Flowers for Algernon which was released in 2002.
Would you like to know some of her other poets?
Can I help you with anything else?
Definitely! Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. What do you think?
Toni Morrison wrote the Bluest Eye, Bluest Eye, and Sula
It is a fiction novel
You might like Z for Zachariah
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Is that what you like about Downfall?
Ben Stiller, Eddie Marsan, Ben Stiller and Ben Stiller all starred in this movie. Would you like more recommendations?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Science Fiction movies?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in WALL-E. It's a fun family movie.
Tom Everett and Jeff Garlin were both in Toy Story 3. Do you like action movies?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you want to see more of his works?
Well, I'm having trouble finding anything else I can do for you, but Is there anything else I can do for you?
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote "The Great Gatsby", which is also a play written by him, he also wrote "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".
You are welcome, enjoy!
He's a great writer! He wrote Playing for Keeps and Playing for Keeps.
It's a Mystery. Did you know it was released in 2004?
It was released in 1999!
Sure. Playing it for you.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, but that's it. Do you like thrillers?
Thekla Reuten also starred in the movie Seven Psychopaths and the movie was released in 1997.
Yes, he did. That is a great movie, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote American Pie, which is produced by Chris Moore
He also starred in Chuck & Buck! Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is. Are you a fan of hers?
He directed both The Godfather and he also directed both of these.
The Nightingale is the genre of a . Fairy tale,and Mythology. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Sure, I would recommend The Nightingale, Winter's Tale, A Christmas Carol, and The Nightingale. All received great reviews.
It is written by Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like fiction books?
Didn't he star in The Expendables 2? I didn't know that.
I liked him in the Expendables 2. Did you know that he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Another good Crime Fiction movie is You Only Live Twice. Have you seen that one?
Sure, it is a fantasy movie, with a romance thrown in. Do you like that genre?
That is correct. Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Lorax and Cat in the Hat, which is a classic.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also written by Margaret Atwood and released in 1957.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Yes, it was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She also starred in The Longest Ride along with Rachel Ticotin.
If you liked Tiago Riani, she also starred in The Longest Ride along with Rachel Roberts.
Yes it is a romance as well as a mystery, similar to The Longest Ride.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
I do like the Staples Center too. They are a good team. Isn't he from Los Angeles?
Well, from what I can tell, I'm a big fan of the Lakers. Have you ever seen a live game show?
Didn't he play for the Los Angeles Lakers last year? I think The Los Angeles Lakers will be the most successful team in the league.
Larissa wrote асссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссска асссссссс
I do not have that information but he wrote расссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссс, though, but I think I heard of him.
No problem, glad to help.
Sure, it is a Romance Novel by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance Novels?
Have you read Apocalypse Now? It was written by Michael Herr.
It is written by Sarah Dessen and also the same author.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
I didn't know that! That's a good team, don't you think?
That's awesome! What's your favorite sport?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar. I suggest you read these books.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, it was written by J.K Rowling and released in 2013. What can I tell you about the Cuckoo's Calling?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. I highly recommend those.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he was one of my favorite actors. Didn't he star in the movies The Pacifier?
Yes it is. Did you know that Thomas Lennon was also in The Pacifier?
Yes, you are right, he starred in Shrek the Third and Monsters Inc. He's a great actor.
That's a great book. The Little House on the Prairie is by Jack London. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, you can try Under the Never Sky and On the road.
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister.
No, I didn't know that. What genre are you interested in?
I didn't know that. I know that she is from Russia.
The Lost Symbol was written by Dan Brown and made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with this actor?
That is a great movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
He wrote The Lost Symbol and The Inferno.
Great, maybe you should check out The Da Vinci Code since it is starring Tom Hanks
Enjoy
Yes, I love X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like it because it's science fiction?
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
Sure, you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac.
I haven't seen any of his movies, but if you love Robert Downey Jr., he was in X-Men movies, he was also in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Sure, he wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a science fiction book. It was released in 1891.
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Ricky Cyrus wrote The Monstrumologist and The Infinite Sea. Have you read either of these?
Things Fall Apart is probably one of Gareth Stedman's most famous works.
Great, Enjoy and have a wonderful day!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What's your favorite movie?
Thomas Lennon was also in Paper Towns. That movie is one of his most famous movies.
Yes, I will. They are great action movies. You should check them out!
It's a great drama. Do you like it because it's a drama?
Ok, then you might like World War Z with Brad Pitt or Dead Man's Chest.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on The Untouchables.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you know that the Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear about them?
Well, It's a good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a popular fantasy book that became movies.
You are welcome.
Have you seen any of the Hangover movies?
It's an adventure film directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2005.
You are welcome!
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them might be great read. JK Rowling was the author
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like those types of books?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He's on the India national cricket team right?
Did you know he was in Hook Ya Crook?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Champion of the World.
Going Solo is a children's literature that is most famous for being a children's literature. He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'm sorry I don't know anything about autobiographies of children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Manchester United
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, and The Valley of Fear. Have you read any of these?
Sure, do you like this because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Fantasy?
Sure, he starred in Män som hatar kvinnor
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in the film, he starred in The Amazing Spider Man 3 and Thor
You're very welcome!
This movie was written by Diana Wynne Jones, and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
Great. One of my favorites is Captain America: The First Avenger, starring Chris Evans. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2010 and is a mystery book.
It was released in 2015. Another good one is Sharp Objects. I highly recommend it.
I do, it's written by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to read it?
Cold Blood is a Drama and Crime Fiction novel. It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
That's a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars William Hurt and Jennifer Lawrence.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Goonies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a vampire series. Have you read Vampire Academy? It is a great read.
You might be right, I don't know that, but it sounds like a good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 2013
You're welcome
The book is written by Billie Letts, do you like the genre or the author?
Its a drama that also stars Eleanor Bron and William Steig.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays Golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I didn't know that, I am not into golf either. I like golf though. Have you seen Happy Gilmore?
I'm not sure she's starring anymore movies she's starred in
Sure, she starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and also in The Hunted, among others.
Shaun Evans, Damian Lewis, and Demi Lovato
It is a fantasy, comedy, and action movie too
The 5th Wave is a Thriller, do you like this genre?
The Last Star was released in 2016 along with Zombieland. That's a great movie too.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Z for Zachariah.
Sure, you might like The Tuxedo and The Last Star. Both of those are thrillers.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She was also in the movie Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway. She's great.
I didn't know she was in that movie as well! Do you like her acting?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't. Can you tell me more about it?
Ted was definitely a good movie. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Great. I'm glad I could help.
Me, too! He starred in Men in Black 3 and he is a good singer.
I like the song Give Your Heart A Break
Yes, and also she is one of my favorites
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was a science fiction film. Are you looking for something in that genre?
Yes, he was. He was also in a Star Wars movie
He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
It was directed by Steven Spielberg, would you like more movies by him?
Yes that is true. Do you like movies starring Dennis Dugan?
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a soccer player with a team in Brazil and plays for the Brazil national team. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1926. Do you like that kind of movie?
It sure was. Another good book in that genre is Notre Dame. Have you read it?
Cool. Then you might like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah. Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more about him?
I don't know a lot about her, but I heard she composed You Lost Me.
No i don't, but he's composed for you the song You Need Me. I don't have that information right now.
Yea, if you like Coldplay, he probably has a bit of alternative rock or hip hop as well. Do you like hip hop?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Did you see either of those?
Peter and Paul is a drama. He also stars in What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Sure, Paul also starred in The Wool Cap, which is a drama. It's a very good film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I am not much into sports. I do know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They have a good season. I'm not too sure who is their coach, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I hope they do have a chance at the Superbowl this spring
I do. Isaiah Thomas was a professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Ok, I have never heard of it. Who is it with?
Space Jam was a great film. Did you know it was produced by Ivan Reitman?
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is a very good read. Have you read it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
Ok glad to be of help
She is a tennis player from Romania. Are you a tennis fan?
I think they do win a lot of games, but i don't know much about them either.
Did she lose to Venus at least one game?
I don't really like them. They are ok. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XXVIII?
He also coached the Denver Broncos.
It was Super Bowl XXII, did you know that?
Are you interested in reading Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde by her?
It was released in 1886.
That's a fiction novel. It was written in 1886.
You might like The Lawnmower Man or The Mists of Avalon.
Emma Thompson starred in Twilight Eyes. I'm not sure who starred in it.
Sure, I'll have to check out The Great Gatsby and The Long Walk.
Yes, there was a sequel to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, written by J.K. Rowling. The book is based on the book.
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a fantasy film and The Golden Compass is another great family film.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote The One Moved My Cheese and it was released in 1981.
It's a Suspense book that was released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Well, it was written by Fountainhead, would you like to know more about the movie, or one of the other writers?
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of it?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
They are both horror books by Bram Stoker, that was released in 1897, and a great read!
The Girl Next Door is written by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Would you like to hear more horror books by this author?
He is also a film producer and a film producer. He was influenced by Stephen King and Nicole Kidman.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel. Do you enjoy these kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance or because of the actors in it?
Yes she did and she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 2015
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you like crime fiction movies?
I have, it is starring Al Pacino and Marlon Brando and is a Martian.
Did you know that Al Pacino and Bridget Fonda were both in it?
I don't know a whole lot but if you like Michael Byrne, he was also in The Godfather Part II and he was in it!
I am not sure, but he was in The Blood of Olympus
Great! You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is considered a Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Do you like them?
It was written in English.
Yes. Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Dashner and stars Jim Carrey and Margot Robbie. It's considered a comedy
Woody Harrelson, James Cromwell, and Ajay Naidu have starred in it. It was released in 1999
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man are some of them
you're welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Psychopaths starred Jason Statham and Anthony Edwards. Are you familiar with these actors?
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I agree. James Harden was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. I'm not a big basketball fan.
I watch a few games. I am not a big basketball fan and I don't really follow it. I prefer basketball too. Do you have a favorite player?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the Houston Rockets, I think I'll check it out
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, do you like it because Yaphet Kotto and Tom Skerritt star in it?
Exactly! He's a great director! Do you like his fantasy movies?
I don't see any of his other films, but he did write Beastly. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
The Rosie Project was released in 2013, she also wrote it.
No, same year The Rosie Project was released.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster
Robert Forster stared in Olympus. He also Stared in Rear Window which is another great movie you might like
He also produced The Last Dragon which was released in 1999.
Wilson Rawls wrote Olympus. He also wrote War of the Worlds.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It was a good movie with her, but she was in Nothing to Lose. Have you seen it?
I am not sure if he is, but he was a friend with Will Smith. I'm sure he was also in Ocean's Eleven.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, the same author as The Great Gatsby.
Another classic literature by Harper Lee is Go Set a Watchman. It's a great book!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, it was written by her as well. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I love the Houston Astros. They are a great team.
That's right, he did owns the Yankees.
I'm not sure about that, I don't know if they have any other secrets about them.
Oh wow, that's a good one! It's one of the best in my opinion.
Yes, he's a very talented man. He's also a musician and a model.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I didn't realize that, but I've seen a few Olympics. I've been wanting to see a few games. Would you like to see some of them?
Ok, I've seen some Western Europe movies like The Walking Dead, and Shackleton.. Is that a genre you like?
Yes, I like that one, it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
I know that The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film written by Stan Lee. Do you like science fiction films?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Steve Kloves and it is starring Robert Downey Jr and Stan Lee also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with today?
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It's genre is Objects
There is one similar to Sharp Objects called Sharp Objects
You are Welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune. have you read those?
Okay, have you heard of What Lies Beneath?
I believe it was published in 1960.
Sure, no problem!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy?
Then you might like Zombieland starring Alden Ehrenreich, it is a Historical period drama.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and it's a young-adult fiction book. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz, have you heard of it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
Little Miss Sunshine is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure! It was released in 1999 and was directed by David Ayer. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I've read that one. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
I have not read it. Do you like historical fiction?
I have not. Is that a book you enjoy reading?
I will have to check it out, thank you for the recommendation.
Have a good day
OK, have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
I don't know anything else by him, but Jamie McGuireuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2015. She also wrote Walking Disaster.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino, and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line which was a biopic about Johnny Cash, as well as Self/less and After.
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie
She was also in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
He is! He wrote The Shining and The Killing Hour. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a sports team. Don't they play soccer?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I like Lakers. Do you have a favorite player?
Have you read The Good Girl? It's one of his best works.
Zodiac was released in 1991, but I am not sure of the release date.
It has David Ayer, who also starred in Doom, an action film, and directed by David Ayer, as well as several others.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is one of his classics.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. It's part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
I do! Marion Zimmer Bradley has written The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
The genre is a fantasy novel, would you like recommendations for other fantasy novels?
The author is Philip Pullman. He is a wonderful author who wrote The Mists of Avalon, which was released in 1982.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Messenger and The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest.
That's a great movie! It also stars Patton Oswalt and Bill Paxton.
It is considered a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, I can tell you that The New York Trilogy is a well known book you may enjoy.
The Next Best Thing is actually listed as a Comedy-drama.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I did. O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Ray Bradbury. I have seen it though, have you seen it?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but Joel Coen also wrote Tower Heist which is a similar movie.
You are most welcome.
He was in Star Wars as well. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2003, the same year as The Hour I First Believed.
Yes it is, and Wicked Appetite was released in 2011
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
I know that The Muppets is a film. It's considered a classic.
Yes, he was in that as well, along with Rene Russo and Natalie Portman.
Did you enjoy the show because it was starring Jada Pinkett Smith?
Sure, he starred in the movies The Amazing Spider Man and The Incredibles.
Sure, if you like Leo d'Urbervilles, you might like The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises.
I am not sure, but I know that Leo has also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
They both starred in The Importance of Being Earnest and The Gruffalo.
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven D. Levitt, it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia are also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Witch and the Wardrobe is published in 1950. The Witch and the Wardrobe is also a book.
Sure, he directed The Proposal which was released in 2002 and directed Elysium.
It is, similar to Zombieland. It's a great movie too.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe she recorded Call Me Maybe and It's Kind of a Funny Story. Have you heard of either of those?
I don't have any other songs by her, but I do like Call Me Maybe because it's more of a hip hop artist. Do you like hip hop?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays for Manchester United and the Mexico national team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure but I believe he played for Manchester United F.C as well.
I believe he's from Guadalajara, Mexico and played on the United States of America.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like to know more about this?
If you like romantic comedies, you should check out Zoolander or Young Frankenstein.
Jim Carrey also starred in Tootsie as well. You should check that out!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls. He's a point guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Well, he's coming back for a while. He's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls. Do you like basketball?
Who's your favorite basketball player?
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote it. It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Lois also wrote Gathering Blue and Anastasia Krupnik. They both were released in 2005.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
He wrote The Twits, The Witches of Blackbird Pond and The Wizard of Oz.
It is a good book, I think you will enjoy it!
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
You're welcome.
This book is by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars
The Fault in Our Stars is a book if you are interested in other books by him. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely! Have a great day!
Sure, it was written by John Grisham and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Firm is a legal thriller and an action film. It's very well written. If you like action films, it's a great choice.
You're welcome!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to add this to your list?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Great Hawking: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Sure, she starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. What genres do you like?
That's great, she was also in The Huntsman and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen those?
That's right, she was in that! That's a great movie!
Shack is an action and adventure movie
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
It's a poetry book. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes it was released in 2008. he also wrote Flames as well
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I don't know that, but I do like her music. She's very talented. Aside from being an actor, she's also a singer, I can't remember when she was on the show.
Yes, that's a great song. She has a wonderful voice. She's also been in a movie called Valentine's Day, it was her first album.
Robin Williams starred in a lot of movies. He's also in The Matrix Revolutions, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way. Would you like to watch any of those?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire is also starring Pierce Brosnan. It is considered a comedy as well. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she was, did you know she was in the romantic comedy Mrs. Doubtfire? It is very funny.
Glad to help, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, it was written Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon and Nicky Naude, have you seen it?
Yes that's right, he was. Did you know that Sean Penn also starred in Fair Game?
If you liked Shark Night, he also stars in X-Men 2 and Monsters, Inc.
It is! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible.
The film was released in 1953 and is considered a tragedy.
Sure, I would recommend The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's very similar to The Importance of Being Earnest.
Sure. The Fall of the House of Usher is written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Tao of Pooh.
You're most welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he's a great basketball player but I'm not a fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about him other than he is Athlete who is play basketball
I don't have information on a basketball team. I do know that they are part of the National Basketball Association.
He's a point guard. I don't really know about him.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a Thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Sure, have you read The Matrix Revisited? Or The Matrix Revolutions?
He wrote the Matrix Revisited, did you know that?
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi, adventure film, and was directed by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Well, she was also in the movie Apocalypse Now. Both great actors.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1960.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Historical period drama.
Yes, he starred in that movie. He was also an actor and an athlete.
You are welcome. You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you heard of those movies?
Sure, he starred in the movie Andy Tennant, The Bounty Hunter, and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those?
Charlie Korsmo stars in that movie as well along with Jack Black.
Yes, he did. Matthew McConaughey also starred in Fool's Gold.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
The Apostle is similar, he also wrote The Mummy
your welcome
Yes, it is a good movie starring Taxi Driver. Did you know that Paul Giamatti starred in this movie?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a romantic comedy
Enjoy!
Not much! I do know that he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes, he played for Liverpool. Do you like football?
Yes he is very good. Do you follow any other sports?
The Patriots are a professional football team based in England, owned by Tom Brady. The Patriots owner is Robert Kraft and Tom Brady is their quarterback.
The Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in J.K. Rowling's series. Have you ever read it?
Thanks for letting me know.
That's true. J.K. Rowling was also in that film.
Yes, it was written by Ray Bradbury and released in 1975. It is an adventure film. Do you like that genre?
The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Emily Blunt and Anthony Hopkins. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1973.
You're welcome. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005. It is a movie about the Vietnam War.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you enjoy this book because it was a drama?
That's a great story. It is based on a true story.
It's a drama that was released in 1945. It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki starred in the movie The Fountain. Are you interested in his movies?
It stars a great movie! Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in District 9 and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I am not sure about that, but I know Ma Long played for the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
No I don't but I know he went to the 2012 Olympics.
I can't remember. I love the Giants though. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, I do like them. Did you know they were owned by M Denise Debartolo York and Johnny Depp?
I think I do really like them, I am not a huge fan of the Rangers. I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
Not much, I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Hmm, I'm not sure about that, but it was written by John Lennon.
Do you like Horse and His Boy because it is not about children's, but it seems like it is pretty good that it is.
You're very welcome.
Sure, she wrote In Her Shoes. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That's what I am seeing here, I am not sure, but Susannah Grant wrote the book.
She also wrote In Her Shoes. It's very similar to that one.
Sure, have a great day!
Good to know, if you have any other questions let me know.
Have a good day!
Yes, Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
That's a great book! You may also like The Watchmen or The Other Boleyn Girl.
Worth Dying For was written by Robin Swicord and released in 1974. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel by Jane Austen.
Besides Jane Austen, she also starred in Mansfield Park, Lady Susan and Dawn of the Flies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Do you like James Cannon?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
Ooh that's a great example of it. Divergent was released in 2011. I recommend it, if you like that.
Me, too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Do you like Sandra Bullock because she is in a romantic comedy?
The Proposal has genre Comedy
I hope you enjoy it!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Have you read either of those?
They Do it With Mirrors has genre Comedy.
They Do it with Mirrors is considered a mystery novel. I think you might enjoy that one.
Yes, I love her. Lena Olin and Lena Olin starred in Casanova. Are you a Lena Olin fan?
Yes, it is. It's a Thriller and was directed by Peter Hyams. Are you interested in those types of movies?
I'm not sure, but I would love to add both to my watch list. Thank you
He directed, directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy adventure film
You might enjoy The Shining or The Huntsman. Both excellent war films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar has produced a lot of movies including Ben Stiller, Teddy Kristian and Martha Stewart. Would you like to know more about them?
It was released in 2000 and is a drama/mystery. Are you a fan of hers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The War of the Worlds, and The Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Well, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film, but Anna Kendrick was in it. Do you like science fiction?
Yes! It was directed by Edgar Wright as well. It also directed by Simon Pegg.
You should check it out, it's been added!
Did you know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you watch basketball?
That's correct. I'm not sure if it's the team. Is he a point guard for the Lakers?
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Hammer.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player, do you like him?
I don't know much about tennis but I heard he's married to Angelina Jolie too.
I didn't know that. I know that William Hurt and Ty Burrell were also born in London.
I'm not sure how good it would be, I hope that's what she's doing with that sport. Did you know she was born in London?
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman was a journalist and journalist as well. Do you like that type of film?
It is considered children's literature, but it is more of a children's literature that you might enjoy.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue and starred in The Skulls.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Killing.
Yes, he's a great actor. He was also in The Fast and Furious as well.
I don't have that information, but he was in The Fast and Furious as well.
I sure can, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like to know more about any of these?
It's a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I have. He's an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great works. You might enjoy those!
I am sorry I do not have that information right now
I am not sure, but I would recommend xXx: State of the Union with Vin Diesel
You're welcome, have a great day!
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. There is also Toy Story and Toy Story 3.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun to watch when Andy grew up, I think you should give it a try, it is nice to know how fun it is
Sure, I can give you more information about Toy Story 3 though, it is a personal friend to you.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Sounds like you might like Catch-22 with Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm not sure who stars in Wicker Park. I'm sorry I don't have any information on who stars in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Yes, I would also recommend "The Clan of the Cave Bear". The Clan of the Cave Bears came out a while ago.
Yes, you're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure, he wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, he did. It was released in 2014. Do you want me to add it to your list?
I don't know much about him that he plays German football. I do not follow soccer that much.
Didn't he play on the German national team?
Yeah, he's a midfielder as well, and won the Bravo award.
i am a huge football fan but i don't follow soccer much. do you like football?
oh ok well thank you for the info. do you ever watch soccer?
Oscar et la dame rose is great. Do you like animation films?
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre.
Yes, she is. It's a great teen drama that you might enjoy.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more help
I did enjoy National Treasure. It was written by Oren Aviv and it is a mystery. Do you like these type of books?
The Family Man is a great movie! It was released in 2012. Did you know that it also starred Robert Duvall?
That's great! I think this is a great movie with Kate Walsh in that. It is very funny.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
The Grapes of Wrath is a Drama,Adult Fiction, Children's literature
The Grapes of Wrath is a Historical novel by American author John Steinbeck, there are some other books in the Historical genre if you like.
I know that Chelsea is a woman that was born in Murrieta.
Ok, if you like football, you should call it. The Orange County is another sport I'm in London.
I am not sure, but I do know that Kepa wrote a book called Proposal. It was released in 1995.
They play in London. I'm not sure if they do.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
He's an author who wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014 and it's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes it was, That's the same year The Hero of Ages was released
Awesome, enjoy!
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller with Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's an adventure film.
Sure, he's also in The Soloist, starring Jason Bateman. Have you seen that one? It's a really good movie.
If you like Robert Downey Jr., you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Great! I hope you enjoy it! It's one of my favorite films personally.
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Laurence Fishburne, and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I don't know about X-Men 2 but Daniel Cudmore was in that movie too!
You are welcome, have a great day!
Unbreakable is written by David Ayer and stars Tom Wilkinson. It's an action thriller. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he was in Tuck Everlasting and The Legend of Hercules. Have you seen them?
Great choice, absolutely. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1914 and starred Tom Everett. Do you like any other adventure films?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama and a similar romance novel is The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. What kinds of books do you like to read?
Have you read True Believer or The Longest Yard?
The Wedding was released in 1999 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like that type of romance?
Yes, Zane Grey is a romantic drama. I'm not sure about Zane Grey.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies?
This film was released in 1999, the same year as The Chronicles of Narnia.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It was also a Historical novel. If you like Historical novels you may enjoy The Valley of Horses or The Year of the Flood.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and Princess and the Frog.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in the movie.
Sure! The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is a Speculative fiction.
You might also enjoy Revolting Rhymes, which was also written by Stephen King.
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. He also wrote Shadows of the Giant and Dark Places.
The Scar is a novel by J.R.R. Tolkien, published in 1843. It is a fiction book and a mystery. Is that of interest?
It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about the film?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know that he also wrote The Theory of Everything?
The King is a drama/mystery movie released in 2001. Would you like to know more about it?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
He was in Devil's Advocate and The Ice Harvest. Would you like more recommendations?
He was in The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe and The Raven.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a book written by Stephen King. He is a great author.
I believe it was released in 2016. Did you know that it is part of the series?
Sure, Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich and it's an Adventure Film, have you seen it?
Another produced by J.R.R. Tolkien is Tolkien's Lord of the Rings
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a soccer player, do you follow soccer?
I don't know too much about soccer, I guess he's a really good player.
Yes and Luis Texans also star in that movie
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Identity. I like his work. Do you have a preference in genre?
Yes. The Shadows is a great one. Have you read it?
It's starring Ricky Gervais. He's a great actor!
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I think I've heard that he's a great cricketer, did you know that he's from Mumbai?
I don't know much about it, I've heard about it.
It looks like they play at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.
She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, that was the year that released If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I am not sure of the exact date but I do know If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
I am glad I could help.
I know he is a writer, he wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
I don't think so sorry, but Simone Elkeles wrote a copy in English.
Great, I love Perfect Chemistry too! It's a novel by J.R.R. Tolkien, I think you will like it!
Harold Ramis wrote the Da Vinci Code, which is a crime fiction film. Would you like to hear more about it?
You might enjoy "Red Riding Hood," "Thirteen." Would you like to know more about it?
This movie is in the comedy genre and stars Bill Murray in it.
I know that he is an author, would you like to know some of his work?
Wither was a great book! Other books in that genre include "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Human Stain.
She also wrote First Descent, written by John Seelye. Have you read it?
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie. Do you like his books?
Yes, I believe it was written by Nicholas Sparks. He also wrote True Believer.
It was released in 2003. Would you like to know other books by Nicholas Sparks?
It is a crime fiction, similar to The Last Song.
No problem. Enjoy!
Do you like the dallas Cowboys? I know they are a great team in the NFC East.
He sure does, actually. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know that he's in a relationship with Jim Carrey?
Yeah, I've heard they're great. Would you like to know more about the Cowboys, or something else?
Yes, he's an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, and it was produced by Simon Beaufoy.
I would say, I like horror films like Slumdog Millionaire. Is that a genre you enjoy?
The Grand Sophy, The Giving Tree, The Confession, The Autograph Man are a few of my recommendations
Yes, Harper Lee
No problem, enjoy!
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than she played badminton sports.
Yes, Venus and Serena Williams are a tennis player from the United States of America.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is. I love her song Give Your Heart a Break.
Sure, also some of the most known labels that are Country Pop, have you heard of this one?
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It was released in 2014. Nicolas Cage produced it as well as starred in it.
Nicolas Cage also starred in a thriller called Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War stars Nicolas Cage.
He was the first movie in the Sorcerer's Apprentice with Nicholas Cage.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is very good music
I haven't heard of him but I heard he is good.
That's cool. I have never heard of him but I think he is one of the best in the world.
The Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama, and a psychological thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Thriller with Denzel Washington is good. Have you seen that if you haven't seen it.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. Would you like to know more about it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like him?
Do you like Liam Neeson because it is an action movie, or because it is an action movie?
Unfortunately, I don't have anymore information at this time. I can tell you a little about something similar to Schindler's List.
You're welcome
Do you like the book because it's speculative fiction?
I'm sorry I don't but there are a book in that genre that is based on the book.
Then you might also like Fifty Shades of Grey. It is also a Fiction book.
ok
Sure, it's a great children's book. It was written by Mark Twain. It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those>
Sure! It was released in 1987, which is the same year that The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was released. Have you read that one?
That's great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, enjoy!
Of course, Lady Gaga is an American singer, songwriter, and athlete.
It was released in 2010, did you know that she also starred in the movie?
She starred in the Muppets, along with Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga,
She is one of the most famous singers of all time, and one of her most famous songs is Don't Go Breaking My Heart
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I know he was born in Baltimore, that's where he was. He was drafted by the Patriots!
Of course, he also has a good coaching style
Sure Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Other Young Adult Fiction books I can recommend include Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
Absolutely! Other books in that genre include Wildwood Dancing, Wicked Lovely, and Blood Promise.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you familiar with her work?
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. The Giver is another one he wrote.
The Giver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Christopher Bigsby is actually a director and he wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of it?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
That's a great book he wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Are you familiar with those?
It's a film starring Ray Liotta and Margot Robbie. It's a teen film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
Sure, Pulp Fiction was released in 1994 and stars Samuel L. Jackson, Eddie Redmayne and Channing Tatum. It was released in 2011.
He's also on The Patriot. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information, but Quinten Terintino wrote it too. You should check it out. It is a great Horror film.
I liked her in Major League II and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you read either of those?
She starred in several movies including True Grit and The Tailor of Panama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I love her. At first I found her odd as a performer but I love her acting.
I think you might enjoy Dance wiv Me or Dance wiv Me. But that's one of her most popular song of hers.
I'm not sure, but it's interesting to hear some of her new songs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1977 and was made into a movie.
The House of Mirth written by Emily McCullough is another good one. Have you read it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you seen these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1991
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was also released in 1989
you are welcome
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, a fantasy book. Another fantasy book you might like is The Outsiders.
Then you might enjoy Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read those yet?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier and is a really good read.
Rebecca was released in 1937.
Yes, she was. Do you like books in that genre?
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
Yes, The Muse was released in 2006 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
The Muse is a great movie! It is also starring Joe Pesci. It was released in 1994 and was directed by Peter Hyams.
Great! You should check out The Muse, it is a very good movie.
Do you like movies with Steve Carell? He also stars in them.
Steve Carell also stars in the movie Wag the Dog. Have you seen it?
You are correct. Zach Galifianakis was in that movie. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is also a film.
Susan Meissner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, you may want to check out Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and Seven Pounds. Both great movies!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm a Bears fan. What about you?
Tom Brady and Patriots also lost Super Bowl XXXV. Do you watch them play?
Yea, Gisele was a great player as well. Did you know his wife is Gisele from Philadelphia?
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine.
He wrote so many! He starred in A Mighty Wind, but I don't really know any other songs.
Sure X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great one and it is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
No I haven't seen those, but I heard it was great. The Avengers, The Mask, and Titan A.E. Have you seen those?
If you like The Postman, you may want to try Underworld: Evolution, if you're interested in any of those.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2001 and it's a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that Pearl Harbor was also a movie with James Coburn
Yes, I love that movie, it was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Gremlins wrote that one. It was directed by J.K. Rowling, but I am not sure of his other works.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
I do! He's a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. I'm a big basketball fan. Is he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I'm not sure, I don't like basketball either. Is he a good player?
Yes! That's one of my favorite movies. It's been a while since I saw it. It was so funny.
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life is a Science Fiction. Do you like books in this genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
It is a Packer. He plays for the Dallas Cowboys in the NFL.
I like Basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
The Apostle was a comedy film and some also starred Jim Carrey and Farrah Fawcett. It was released in 2002.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not familiar with him but I know that he starred in Friends with Benefits with Jim Carrey.
He did. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I wonder if he's in some other films as well. I'm not sure if he's in one of those. He's a great actor as well.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi or horror films?
He also wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain, two other science fiction movies. Have you seen any of these?
Russell Crowe starred in that movie. Philip K. Dick also wrote Total Recall
You might also check out Out of the Dust. I think you might like that one.
I think he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Did he have a brother named Tyler Labine? I heard he is a good QB
Didn't he play in any other movies?
Yes, I have heard of this one. It's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, urban fantasy, and young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
Yes, it is and Richelle Mead wrote the Shadow Kiss
She also wrote Vampire Academy: The Golden Compass
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is young adult fiction, similar to Divergent.
Sure, Gone Girl is a great book. It was written by Suzanne Collins and a young-adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
I am not sure. However, another great children's book is The Ice Harvest. Are you interested in that?
Another great children's book is Wrath of the Titans.
White Fang was written by Khaled Hosseini.
She also wrote The Polar Express and Kite Runner.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love, which was directed by Kate Chopin.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I don't think I have won any championship
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a great player
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
I can tell you the Historian is a great horror book that she wrote. The Historian is also a film that Elizabeth Kostova was in.
I know he was influenced by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko and Niccol Machiavelli.
You are most welcome.
That's a great book. A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, the book is in the same genre, along with Winnie the Pooh is also classified as children's lit.
Yup, it is. It was released in 2008 and is in English.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I don't really have a favorite player, but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
He was on the New York Red Sox and won the NBA All Rookie Team in 2011.
That's cool. I've heard a lot about Greek Freak, but I don't really follow them.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes he did and Wonder Boys was released in 2016
Yes, Linkin Park is still with Meg Cabot.
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction book. A similar title to The Road is The Road. Have you read it?
Sure, another science fiction book you might enjoy is Xenocide, or World War Z.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I am sorry I do not have that information but he did write The Last Colony and The Human Division. Those are good books.
I'm not sure if he does science fiction but he did write a science fiction book called Last Colony.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22 with Charlize Theron.
The Green Mile is considered a historical period drama and a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Southern Vampire Mysteries. Are you a fan?
Me too! She's a great singer and fashion designer. Do you like any other genres?
Yes, Parks and Recreation was a great satire show as well. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1985 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, that's where you heard of it.
I know a little about her, she's a famous athlete for soccer. But, I don't follow her. How about you?
Well, he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and has also won the World Player of the Year award.
Yeah. She's a woman is a famous athlete from Texas. Are you a fan of soccer?
I liked her old song Your Love is My Drug and Tik Tok. Are you a fan of her song?
Yeah, he is a pretty good singer. I don't know much about her as a singer but I did hear that she's married to Gisele.
That's interesting. I like Yellow Submarine, he's a great song writer.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in 2001. Would you like to know more about it?
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks and was released in 2003.
No problem, enjoy!
Similar to Ray Bradbury is American Idol, do you like science-fiction?
Yes, it's a children's book. Do you like childrens stories?
I'm not sure, but The Martian Chronicles is also a film starring Jim Carrey.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote and directed Freakonomics. He also directed Horrible Bosses. Have you seen that?
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more about it?
I think he plays on the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team. I don't really follow those.
Didn't he play in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of Science Fiction and Thriller. Do you like these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Patton Oswalt and Jeff Bridges are playing the role.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you familiar with these actors?
The genre is Speculative fiction and drama
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Temptation of Christ?
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary, which is very well known.
That was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I am not too sure when it was published.
It's a Sci-Fi novel. If you haven't read it, I recommend The Last Colony and The Human Division.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
Yes, it was produced by Mark Jacobson
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction.
Certainly, he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Hemingway also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it's a Documentary.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and That was Then, This Is Now
It was released in 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote The Son of Neptune.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure Emily Bronte wrote The Science and Psychological Thriller, which is a great read.
It's considered a Gothic Fiction, similar to Wuthering Heights. Would you like to know more about those?
Done! I hope you enjoy them!
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series.
All I know is that it was written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
I would recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both of those are good books.
Sure, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
Sounds like a great plan. Can I help you find any other sports?
I think he's a basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
That's right, he's an excellent basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
Yeah, I am a huge basketball fan. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like some other books by him?
Magicians is a book in the same genre
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2014. It was directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
She was also in The Help, which was a movie as well. Do you like her acting?
Viola also starred in The Help, which is a very good film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Ian McKellen. Would you like to see it?
That's a great one. Would you like to know more information about the musicals?
Yes, he did! He's a great actor!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Peter Konroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Pat Conroy is an author. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Valley of Horses.
Flannery O'Conner wrote a lot of books. Did you know that the genre is historical fiction?
It's a mystery
You're welcome
Yes, she starred in Aliens.
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac and Wonder Boys. Have you seen those?
Absolutely, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo also starred in it. It's a great film!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book by her?
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance. what else can i answer for you?
You're welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
She wrote a book called Wild Cards, it is about a criminal regaining his humanity.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a movie with Tim Robbins and David Verhoeven. Do you like Romance?
He also directed RoboCop: The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
Total Recall is an Adventure Film released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and it stars Toby Jones and John Lee Hancock.
You're welcome. It's a great movie with the same genre. Do you like adventure films?
That movie is a fantasy comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
Anna Kendrick and Jesse Jame also star in the movie. Do you like her?
You're welcome, have a great day!
Well, I can tell you that it was written by Scott Kosar, would you like to hear similar titles?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Philip Pullman, and is considered Fantasy.
Glad I could help.
Glad I could help
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise, would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did! That was a great film. Are you a fan of Public Enemies?
Sure, that's a recommendation I can give! I think you will enjoy The Throne of Fire, another one of his best movies.
No problem!
I sure do! Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi or horror films?
Tim Russ, Jeff Garlin, and Johnny Depp are a few of the starring actors in Total Recall.
Sean Harris also starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by John York and John York.
Oh wow, I'm not a big baseball fan, but 2014 was a great year for the Giants.
Me too! I like the Dallas Mavericks. What is your favorite team?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer. Denzel Washington star in the movie.
Sure, she was in The Equalizer and The Pillars of the Earth.
I don't have that information, but Shark Night is another psychological thriller that was released in 1999.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's from China. I'm not sure if he's from China.
Yes, it stars Zhang Ziyi, he also starred in Wrath of the Titans. Have you seen that movie?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, both are great books.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a fantasy novel. He also wrote The Prince and the Pauper and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book by her?
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are his most popular novels.
It would be considered a Gothic fiction novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has been made into a feature film, is that what you're looking for?
It's considered a Patriot Games, although it seems to be similar to The Hunt for Red October.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. He wrote it. what else can i do for you?
Yeah, he was in that comedy too. Ben Stiller was in it too. It's hilarious!
Yes, he was in that movie as well. It was such an hilarious movie!
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
I like the song Crossroads. Did you know that she's friends with Madonna?
I think I've heard of it before, I think I'll check it out. Did you see the movie Crossroads?
That was a great one as well! Have you seen Men in Black 3? That was a great one
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
It is a book written by Lisa Ward and released in 2012. It's similar to The Catch Me If You Can.
Yes, The Terminal is definitely funny. Steven Spielberg also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey, which is another funny movie you might like.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know more about The Great Escape?
Great action film directed by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about the movie recommendations?
You're welcome! Enjoy your movies!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Speculative Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Very Hungry Caterpillar was written by Eric Carle. Eric Carle also wrote The Three Musketeers
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Clee starred in?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
It was written by Judy Gaiman, it is a wonderful movie
Yup, this is a wonderful movie with the wonderful actors
Sure, here it is!
Yes I believe he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't necessarily follow soccer, but I think he's a very good player
I'm a huge basketball fan, but I can't remember when he was in a movie called Beloved.
He was. I didn't know he was at the 2012 Olympics. It was really fun to watch.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also starred in the movie Larry Crowne
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
Sure, can I help you with anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like Thrillers?
Stephen Chbosky was in it. Do you like his acting?
She was in it. Did you know she was also in Aliens?
I am not sure if he did, but I can tell you that Stephen Chbosky did direct the film, The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by Anne Rice and it stars Brad Pitt
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they do. That's a great team in the National League West.
That's true. Didn't they play in the 2010 World Series?
It sure does! I'm also a huge fan of the Dodgers. Is that your favorite team?
I do. Do you like romance or comedy genres?
Great. I recommend The Dark Knight Rises. It's a good one.
Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that was the movie, Martin Short was also in Treasure Planet. Did you know Martin Short starred in it?
The Legend of Zorro has several famous actors like Ernest Hemingway, Anne Hathaway, and Hugh Dancy. You should check it out!
William Friedkin directed the Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
It is a crime and drama film. Would you like other recommendations with similar movies?
Not that I can tell, but if you like thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth, which is a mystery/drama. Do you like this topic?
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-White is a romance similar to The Good Guy.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it
They're a professional basketball team in the Western Conference, Southern division.
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
I love tennis, but I don't watch it often.
Are you a fan of the director, Little Miss Sunshine?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Russell Crowe starred in that movie. He's a very good director.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's one of his latest films.
Yes she is. Did you watch the 2012 Olympics?
Her current ranking is No. 1 in singles.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Oliver Relin wrote The Abyss and Streets of Blood.
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Three Musketeers. This is a Historical Fiction book. Do you like Historical Fiction?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. It's an excellent read.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted.
Yes it is, I highly recommend it.
The Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
I'm not a fan. I like winners... like the Patriots
I don't know who he is, but John Fox is a great player as well.
He's a very good coach. I remember when he was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team, however, I am not sure.
I agree. I'm sure they have quite good players.
Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
It is a romantic comedy that is similar to The Greatest Show on Earth. You should check it out
You are welcome! Enjoy your reading!
Apocalypto is a war fiction novel written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you interested in his work?
He also wrote The Passion of the Christ which is starring James Cullen Bressack. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern. The Passion of the Christ is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Veronica Roth wrote Insurgent and Divergent.
You're welcome
Yes, that was written by Veronica Roth.
Sure! It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It's considered a Romance Novel.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a poetry. Do you like poetry?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Cool, it is written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney.
Oh Philip Pullman wrote the movie, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
You might also check out The Golden Compass and The Matrix Reloaded. You'll enjoy those movies!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight, an adventure film.
Yes, he was. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Not sure, but he starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight with Tom Hanks.
You are welcome.
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta. Are you a fan?
I don't have a favorite singer, but Shakira Furler is definitely one of my favorites. I heard she's really good, don't you think?
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano and the guitar?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like books by Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Codolho and it is also considered a Sci-Fi.
I am not sure about that, but I do know that The Regulators was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2002.
Not much, but I do know that she's romantically in love with Rory McIIroy
I agree. Do you like her sister Serena?
Yes, they are. Do you like tennis? Venus has lost matches to her sister Serena.
I think Mike Woodson is an excellent coach. Do you like them?
Did you know he also coached the Chicago Bears?
I did watch that movie too! Who's your favorite actor?
I know that he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I watch it sometimes. I like to watch Vince Vaughn play for them. How about you?
It is very good. you should watch it if you haven't already seen Jerry Maguire.
Sure, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Excellent, Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
It was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and Cate Blanchett.
It is a Mystery, similar to The Battle of the Labyrinth.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oh yes, it is a good book written by Sergio Leone! It is a great book.
Well it was produced by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good the Bad and the Ugly. It's also a film adaptation.
Well, Once Upon a Time in West was directed by Sergio Leon. Should I add it to your list?
Sure, its a great movie written by Cassandra Clare and starring Sofia Coppola and Johnny Depp. Are you familiar with either?
The Passage for example is a great drama. The Passage for instance is a great one. It is also a historical period drama.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and it is starring Scarlett Johansson and Louis Leterrier.
Yes, it was released in 2002. It's starring Denzel Washington.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in those?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you like him?
he's a lyricist he composed Yeah 3x
Andy Murray is an excellent player, but he has been dating Rafael Nadal and Rafael Nadal. They are a couple of my favorites.
I like tennis. I'm a big fan of Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What sport do you like?
I think the Belarusian Tennis player was very good at what he's looking at.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The One plus One and Two
The genre is Self-help
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors. Have you seen any of them?
I don't know anything about her, except that she is a singer. Is she any good?
Did you know that she's friends with Snoop Dogg? I didn't know that.
Sia Furler is pretty good, I don't think I have any of her music either. I am more of a Pop Rock fan, but I don't really know Sia Furler's work.
She sure did. I also like Lyricist and Jazz. Do you like Lyricist?
Yes, Virat Kohli is an athlete that plays cricket and he was born in Dehli. Are you a fan?
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko was married to Hayden Panettiere?
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was in that movie too. He was also in Scream 4.
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton was in it as well as starred in it!
Yes, that was a great movie! Do you like Science Fiction movies?
That was released in 1989 as well!
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might like The Wolfman.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie with Aidan Turner, but he also starred in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Have you seen it?
Sure! It was written by James Dashner and released in 2003. It's a Fantasy movie
Yes, he was in that one. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome!
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about this book?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Her most popular drama book is The Undomestic Goddess. I highly recommend that.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, have a great day!
I know he plays cricket and is from India. But that's about it, I don't really watch cricket.
I'm a fan, but I don't really watch cricket. I prefer tennis. Do you follow it?
Well, I'm not a big football fan, but I've heard a little about it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I am not sure, but I know she wrote Sharp Objects because it was released in 2015.
It was released in 2014, the same year as Sharp Objects.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, Mamma Mia also starred in you Warcraft and Mamma Mia.
Meryl Streep also starred in it as well. It is a very good Warcraft movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I think it's a pretty good baseball team. What's your opinion?
Yes, I love the Giants! I've been to the World Series a few times since they made the playoffs.
It's really cool. It's been a few times since I watched them play at Candlestick Park. It was really fun.
That's good to know if Aaron Rodgers is a good quarterback!
It came out in 2004, right? I'm not sure.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you like that genre?
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another popular one, have you read that?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes Phil Mickelson is definitely a top golfer and he won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also won the 2005 PGA Championship
He is a great golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2012 PGA Championship?
That's great! He was also in Tin Cup. Would you like to see that?
Great! I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote The Time Machine, The Island of Dr. Moreau, and The Island of Dr. Moreau. Have you heard of any of those?
I'm sorry I don't know the year but he wrote a bunch of sci-fi books The Time Machine in 1895 with the genre Science Fiction.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it was released in 1968?
You're welcome I hope you enjoy!
I am not sure of the name but I know it was written by Edward G. Buckley and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it.
I like James Harden he is a Basketball Athlete, and a shooting guard, have you seen him play?
Yes, he is a great shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like the Houston Rockets?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I love the Yankees, but I'm not a fan of the Yankees. Are you a fan?
Well, as a matter of fact, it's the Boston Red Sox are part of the American League East division
Well, as a matter of fact, the Yankees play in the American League East and were recently drafted by the Chicago Bears.
Psycho is written by David Sedaris and Clint Eastwood, it is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin were in that movie as Slasher books. Do you like them?
I believe he's been around for a while. I'm not sure if he's done any other stuff.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
Yes, you're right. Do you like any businesspersons?
Do you know who owns the Buccaneers home?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
He also starred in The Princess Diaries and Rocky. Have you seen either of those?
Creed is a drama, directed by Sylvester Stallone. It also stars Zoey Deutch and Melissa Leo!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure and he also wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
It's a Drama, Thriller, and was released in 2015.
You're very welcome!
I'm not sure. I know he's a great actor, but one of my favorites is Superbad. Have you seen it?
It has a great cast. It also stars Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Jason Leigh
He also starred in the movie The Young Sherlock Holmes
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a satire and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel.
Sure, I have a couple good ones to check out: Wolves and Watchmen. Both of those aresatires.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote War of the Worlds. Would you like to read it?
He directed Jurassic World. Are you familiar with that movie?
It's considered a romance, a drama, and a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me too, he's a great actor. Did you know that he starred in Things Behind the Sun?
I think you'd enjoy it. It's a good movie. Is that a genre you like to watch?
Yes, it is. It's considered a drama and an action film.
That's interesting. I've seen The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, but I haven't seen it. I think I've seen it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan?
I dont really know that. Do you have a favorite mascot?
He played at AT&T Stadium at the AT&T Stadium in Dallas.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels. It is considered a Sci-Fi Thriller.
It's a Thriller with Harrison Ford. Are you interested in any of those actors?
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places.
He also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I'm sorry, I don't have any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I agree. I think his best was a great writer.
I enjoy it. Z for Zachariah is also a good science fiction book.
Great, have a great day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I don't know much about cricket, do you follow it?
I think he's a very good Cricketer. I don't really follow cricket so I'm not sure. Do you know anything about it?
I've been to a Miami Marlins game, so I've never seen it. Do you like it? I don't know much about it either.
I'm guessing you mean, I'm not a big sports channel but it's fun to watch. Do you like other sports channels?
You're welcome!
I do know that they play in the Toyota Center, as well as Leslie Alexander is the owner.
It is both. Looper is a drama and a science fiction film. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. Do you want me to add Warlock to your favorites?
Yes. It's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might enjoy Watchers or X-Men. Have you seen those?
You might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that one? It's one of my favorites.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You may enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby. Let me know if you're interested.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Arc de Triomphe her work is influenced by Immanuel Kant and Henri Barbusse to name a few
I'm not sure of when they came out, but Oscar De La Hoya was also released that year.
Yes, it does. The book was written in English and released in 1945.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan?
She played football and her sister, Rory McIIroy, for example.
That's great! They are a great team in the NFC West. Did you see that movie? It's amazing!
Yes, I love it. I'm also a huge fan of Serena Williams.
Isn't that cool? I've never heard of it before.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
I don't have that information but
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre as well as a romance novel, similar to In the Woods.
I am glad to help. Enjoy the books!
He's an author who wrote Thirteen Moons and My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
He has been in a number of films, including Welcome to Temptation, Waterworld, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, and many others.
Harsh Times is directed by David Ayer. Harsh Times is produced by David Ayer. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, Christian Bale starred in the Crime movie Harsh Times
No problem
I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Not a big fan though.
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, and Bears. The Rams and Saints are 2nd in the NFC North.
I like the Bears, but I'm a Red Sox fan. How about the Patriots?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network along with Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
The genre is considered a Biographical film as well as Thriller
The Social Network was released in 1999 and was directed by Aaron Sorkin and Andrew Garfield.
It's considered a historical film as well as a drama, but I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it is starring Andrew Garfield
2010 is a movie starring Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, and Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of theirs?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
She also starred in the movie, Seabiscuit. It was a historical drama.
He also wrote The Ice Storm as well as The Huntsman: Winter's War.
Sure! It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini also wrote the Inheritance Cycle, which is a young-adult fiction novel, but Brisingr is considered young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because it was written by Sarah J Maas or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
That's the only book I have by her. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I have, did you know Mansfield Park is considered a historical novel?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he was a scientist and poet. Do you like scientists?
I'm not sure, but he did write The Polar Express. Great movie. Have you seen it?
Robin Williams has been in some movies. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious!
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's one of my favorite family movies.
It stars Cameron Diaz, Rachel Weisz, and Cameron Diaz.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Homer but I do know that he wrote The Simpsons. Did you know that he's an author and a musician?
Sure. The Iliad by Homer is considered a classic written back in 1922.
Yes, it's a lot of good works. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XXV Super Bowl XLVII?
Yes, Russel Wilson is an excellent Quarterback. He's a good player.
Sure, it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She played in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality and Two Weeks Notice. Do you like her movies?
Sure, Oceanss 8 a spin off of Oceans's 8 a spin off of Oceans's 11. That was written by James Dashner
I would recommend The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It was released in 2015, it is the same year that released The Sum of All Fears and None.
It sure was! Do you like books that are related to Tom Clancy's books?
They're a basketball team in the Madison Square Garden. Do you watch basketball?
The owner is Mike Woodson
Not sure but they're a part of the NFC South.
You're Welcome
Sure, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Firth. It was released in 1994. Are you familiar with the film?
I would recommend Minority Report, as well as As the World Turns. Have you seen those?
If you liked Seven Psychopaths, you might also enjoy Goodfellas or Plum Spooky.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team in the National Football League as a member of the National Football Conference West division. Are you a fan?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Jim Caldwell. Do you know any of them?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do. That was a good movie with Vin Diesel. Do you like him?
I heard Michael Irby was great in that movie. Do you like action movies?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know that. Is that a sport team Location?
Yes, it is. It's considered a Major League Soccer team in the United States.
Yes, I believe she is a very famous writer. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, and A Christmas Carol, have you seen it?
Yea, I would definitely recommend Three Cups of Tea. It's one of her most famous poetry books.
Sure, it was first published in 1960. Same year that The Black Dahlia was released.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure, he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
It is a romantic comedy that was produced by James Franco. Are you a fan of his work?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I don't know much about soccer. Do you follow soccer?
Oh really? I don't know much about football, what's it about?
Yeah that was a great movie. Who was in that?
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie! I liked him in The Mask. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and it is a young-adult fiction book.
The Sea of Monsters was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
It's a great one! It is starring Titan's Curse, young adult novel
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. She also wrote The Sleeping Doll
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote the Martian Chronicles, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and The Illustrated Man. Have you read any of these?
I'm showing that Journey to the Center of the Earth is a romance novel, Is that something you'd like to read?
It was released in 1987 an oldy but goodie
Sure, hope you enjoy it
I don't know much other than he plays for FC Barcelona. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Haha, I love that movie too! Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
Grown Ups is a great movie, did you know Rob Schneider starred in it?
Yes, she was. Frida was also the Executive Produced by Steven Spielberg.
He wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more about either of those?
Beneath also starred in Tuck Everlasting, which is a thriller.
Great, then you will like Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics
Yes he is, and he is from the Oklahoma City Cheifs.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is starring Natalie Portman?
Great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, have you seen any of these?
Great! Robert Downey Jr, he starred in some good movies like The Incredible Hulk, Thor and Guardians of the Galaxy.
Then I would recommend The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers. Those are my favorites.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Brees?
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might be interested in. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller starring Eric Brees and Eric Brees. The Final Destination is about a girl and a Chinese street gang while investigating a severed hand in Central Park. The Final Destination takes place in the United States. It is about a group of gangware, a sworn sworn sworn sworn to secrecy after the outbreak of adolescence. The Final Destination takes place in the United States of America. The Final Destination is about a psychological thriller film directed by Eric Bree
William Scott also wrote and directed the film Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
October Sky is a 2018 thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I've been a fan since she's been in a movie called Crossroads and Unforgivable Blackness.
Pauly Shore is Dead also starred Seth Rogen and Danny McBride. Have you seen it?
She starred in the movie Pauly Shore is Dead, you are a fan of hers.
300 is directed by him.
My apologies, it's the only movie that I can find that that movie directed by him.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Xander Berkeley starred in that film as well, along with Vincent Regan.
Yes! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, he wrote Persuasion, which is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, if you liked the film Sense and Sensibility, you might enjoy Persuasion.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Do you like young adult fiction books?
I'm not sure but it was written by Neil Gaiman
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he was in Valkyrie.
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder too. Robert Duvall also starred in that movie.
You might enjoy Days of Thunder. It stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about him?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it
Don't know much about them then i do. I'm a Packers fan. Are you a fan?
I don't really know much about Brett Favre before, he was a defender. What do you think of him?
Yeah, I'm not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, I would say gymnastics. I'm more of a gymnastics fan for sure.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Some other books by Jodi Picoult include The Tenth Circle and The Tenth Circle.
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer to be honest. Did he play on the Germany national football team?
I have never watched a professional soccer game but it is good to watch as a kid. Is soccer your favorite sport?
I am not sure about it, but it sounds like a lot of fun to watch. Thanks for the information.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
The Sweet Far Thing is a fantasy and The Diviners is part of the series.
The Sweet Far Thing is part of the Gemma Breys series. Other books in the genre include Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, it does. He was born in Warsaw. He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
Sure, anything else I can help with?
I think he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Tom Benson is also on that team, and I don't really follow them.
You're welcome
Yes, Michelle Wie is a professional golfer born in Honolulu
Yes, James LaNassa. Do you like golf?
Right. U.S. Women's Open was an American professional golfer who plays golf and won the PGA as well.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Great question! Some of the actors include Ricky Gervais, Jessica Lange and Michael Shannon.
Sure, it was released in 2002.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm not really a big fan, I don't know he's married to Cameron Diaz. Are you a fan?
I think he's got an award. I don't know much about him then he has a romantic relationship with Chris Brown. Do you like her?
I believe he was married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass starring Jim Carrey is a Fantasy movie.
The Running Man is also a good one. It's also a Fantasy movie.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books,
I have not, but it's genre is Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have heard of them. I'm going to add them to my list. I've heard they're very good.
I'm not familiar with Rafael Nadal, but I do know that Rafael Nadal is a great tennis player, right?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yea, that's right. I think Marat Safin is a great tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear. Have you read any of these?
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1895 and it's genre is in the mystery genre.
Yellow Wallpaper was also released in 1914. Is there anything else I can do for you?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? You may enjoy those.
Agatha Christie wrote  1.  1 is written by Agatha Christie.
The book is written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent and Insurgent. Do you like fiction?
It is a fantasy novel that was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do like her music. Jar of Hearts is one of my favorites.
Lovestrong is a good one. Do you know what type of music she played?
Definitely, she has a few songs and plays in movies. Do you know what type of music she played?
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth, do you like movies starring Chris Hemsworth?
Sure! He was in White Night and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of those?
No problem, enjoy!
sure, Where There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts and The Storyteller are great books by him.
The book was released in 2006, have you read it?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
I don't know a little about him. I know he plays for the soccer team Real Madrid C.F. and he is a Brazilian professional football team
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I know he's a great quarterback but I'm not sure if I've acted. Did you know the Browns were in the Superbowl?
I didn't know that, I know he's a good coach. I'm not sure if he coached the Browns.
He directed Witness and The Truman Show
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. Did you know that Peter Weir also directed Witness.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
Do you know if she acted in any movies?
Of course! Lois Lowry is an excellent book and its a drama.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, it is. Xenocide is a book written by Lois Lowry and is also a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlottes Web, the Children's Literature. She's a writer as well.
Yes, Rosemary Wells was in a film called Charlotte's Web. The movie was released in 1996.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in Warcraft and V for Vendetta. Is there a genre you prefer?
Sure he was in The Hunger Games and Vanishing Acts. Have you seen them?
Sure. Submarine is one of my favorite comedy films, have you seen it?
He was in The Empire Strikes Back and The Empire Strikes Back.
You are most welcome!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too
I would recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and Last Chance to See. Both are good reads.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about the author?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I heard they are very popular around the world
Then I'm sure there are a few good ones like Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Nsync is also very popular and is a very popular one.
I am more of a Chicago girl but I think The Browns is my favorite but I'm more of a rock fan. How about you?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, and he was also a linebacker. Do you know if he was a linebacker?
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm also a part of the Bears. Did you see him in the Super Bowl?
Sure, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It's a science fiction action movie. Is that what you like about TRON: Legacy?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is an action film written by Craig T. Nelson. Would you like to see it?
The Silence of the Lambs is similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Taxi Driver is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that movie?
Sure, Wag the Dog is a comedy and a great movie with Jodie Foster and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like them?
Yes that is a great one with Denzel Washington. He is great in Safe House which is another great movie you might enjoy.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's right. Do you like dramas? If you like that you might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
You may like Shooting the Past. It is a very good film.
The Pianist was directed by David Fincher and released in 1999. Did you see This Is the End? It's a romantic comedy
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
I don't know too much about her but I do know she starred in Rory McIIroy
No, I did not. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Jim Carrey. Have you seen it? It's hilarious!
I'm not sure where Serena is . Do you like her husbands?
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a Drama/Mistery.
Yes, Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. It's a suspense film as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. John Green wrote that book. He also wrote Paper Towns. You might like that one.
Have you read Shutter Island? It's a great book.
It was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his books?
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Z for Zachariah.
It was written by Philip Pullman. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl
It's a good one! Madonna is also an artist. She was influenced by Selena Gomez.
Yes that's a good one. Did you know Madonna's relationship with Kenny Baker?
Yeah, she's been in a couple of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies like The White Queen and The Huntsman.
That's cool. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
It has a great cast. That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski.
Yes, released in 2004.
Of course, no problem.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is written in English, and released in 2014.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned as well as Xenocide. Are you a fan of his work?
He wrote Zoo also. It's starring Kevin James.
You're right! Aside from Agatha Christie, she wrote You've Been Warned, she's also an actress, and she starred in The Visitor.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's great! He was also in The Polar Express. That was a great movie!
It directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. It's a great movie!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn.
It is a movie with Evan Rachel Wood, Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
I am not sure who starred in it but I know it is a comedy
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure! William Broyles, Jr. and William Windom starred in Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but Scott Glenn also starred in The Godfather, which is a biography.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. Did you know they won the super bowl this year?
Beatty was a great coach. Did you know that he's in a relationship with Tiger Woods?
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. It's an action adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
That's right, she's a great actress! Have you seen Mad Max: Fury Road? She's a great actress!
Yes, he is. Do you like Justice league?
I'm not sure of the answer for sure, but Nicky Katt also starred in The Huntsman: Winter's War, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Greatest.
Your welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, among others. Have you read those?
It was released in 1936
Another great one by E. Lockhart is The Silence of the Lambs
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a Pounds because it is a drama?
Sure, it's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a film. It's similar to The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
It was released in 2002. It's a romance/drama. Do you like those kinds of films?
I'll add it to your library, then.
I know that he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
It looks like he was a midfielder as well.
Yes, he was from Wales from the Cardiff region
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Are you a fan?
I'm not much of a fan, but I know she's a regular from Nashville, that's why I've heard.
I'm sorry, I don't really know anything about her. I'm sorry.
Yes, Misery is written by Anne Tyler. Are you a fan of her work?
I know that The Silence of the Lambs is one of my favorite psychological thrillers. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. He was in a few such as The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012, have you read it?
It's a great movie! Josh Hutcherson and Julia Roberts are also in it, too.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I really like the book When We Were Very Young, which is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a science fiction film, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like football?
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Lewandowski was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Are you a fan?
The Selection is based on the novel by Kiera Cass' The Queen was released in 2011. The Selection is also classified as a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but X-Men was released in 2011. Is that what you're looking for?
I agree, as well as Watchmen. Have you seen them? They are great action movies.
Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne were in it. They were great action movies. Do you like them?
That's cool. I'm a fan of Sylvester Stallone. Is there a specific show you like to watch?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime, drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, and Dark Places. Is that one of your favorite books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, The Phantom of the Opera and The Matrix are similar movies.
You may want to check out Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, it's a drama that was written by Orson Wells. It was released in 2002.
It is, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point book is a post-apocalyptic fiction book. Its a good book!
The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference, and How to Win Friends & Influence People.
Yes. I'm a big fan of this one. I'm sure you'd like one.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
White House Down is a great one starring Valerie Plame
Sure, Jay Hernandez, Shelley Duvall and Jeff Bridges are in that movie
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, which is a historical fiction. He's also an actor and an athlete.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is the second of the series. The next in the series is The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It's a part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really know anything about cricket, I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really follow it. Is he a good player?
No, I don't think I have heard of him. What sport do you like?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I am not sure about Adam Levine, only that he has starred in movies like The Voice.
Sure, he has done a few movies including The White Album, Do you like the Voices of God?
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he wrote One More Day and The Giver. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome. Happy reading!
Awesome. Have a good day!
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton.
he wrote the book The Making of star wars
it is a tragicomedy
No problem, enjoy!
I think he's a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I really like American Football. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Then I'd love to watch the playoffs. That's a great sport to watch.
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is. He wrote a book called Yojimbo.
That's a good question...I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Sure! He wrote "Go Further" and "Breathing Lessons."
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a Californian writer, known for books like The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage.
He wrote The Grapes of Wrath. Have you read that?
It's a Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club New York City and married to Gisele Bundchen.
Matt Damon and Dan Scanlon were also in it. I believe you will enjoy it.
Eva Mendes was in the comedy film Perfect and the Water for Elephants
Yes it was. It was written by Steven Zaillian and stars Thomas Lennon and Morgan Freeman. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Brad Pitt was the lead in American Sniperper's movie, American Sniper. Did you know it was released in 2005?
It's a drama. It's really good.
You're most welcome!
Yes, I do. What's your favorite movie by him?
Sure, that is a good one. It's starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Step Brothers is also a great movie, starring Robert De Niro. Robert De Niro also starred in The Handmaids Tale.
You might also like The Warrior's Way, starring Robert De Niro.
Sure. It also stars Robert De Niro and was directed by David Sedaris. Do you like funny movies?
That's correct. Katie Lowes also starred in Wreck it Ralph.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by Joel Coen and starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, he starred in the movie. He also wrote That Thing You Do.
Yes, he produced some comedies including That Thing You Do and That Thing You Do!
It's an all-star comedy with some comedies.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for comedy. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're very welcome!
Yes I do. I highly recommend War of the Worlds.
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Wyrd Sisters. You might enjoy those!
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season.
Wow! That's a great one. They have a good season this year!
I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. They have gone to the Superbowl for a while. They have gone to the Superbowl for a while.
I like the Red Sox, they have won a World Series recently but I don't like the Red Sox. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like Indians?
Me either. I have never been to a professional baseball game before but I can't say I am.
I did not see that movie, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, it is. Mark Twain was influenced by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Cool, it's a great science fiction movie. Would you like recommendations for other movies in that genre?
Similar to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Longest Yard.
Absolutely, anything else you would like to know?
Of course, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like other suggestions in that genre?
It starred Robert Downey Jr., He also wrote The Goonies.
Yea, she's awesome. I like her song Super Bass. Did you watch it?
Yeah, he's a lyricist. Do you like any of her music career?
I m not sure, but she's also a singer/songwriter from Rio de Janeiro.
No I haven't read it. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. It is a fiction. It is the sequel to Unaccustomed Earth.
I do like Shark Night. It is also a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like them?
Theodore is a American novelist widely known for children's novels
Theodore Lesieg released The Lorax in 1946
Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Lorax (Animation Film) #10
Your Welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
He also wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was released in 2015.
I am not sure if he has made any films he has made. Sorry, but I can tell you that he is also a film producer and scientist.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad, have you seen it?
2010
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007.
Did you know that M. Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes, have you read that one?
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Sure, he directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Japanese films?
Yojimbo starred Kojimbo, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Samurai.
Two similar movies you might enjoy are Yojimbo and Ran.
Hope you enjoy them!
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Michael Fassbender. what else can i answer for you?
Charlie's Angels is another good one and so is Blue Velvet. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. They're owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I also like the Steelers. Do you know any other sports teams I like?
Me too! Did you know the Redskins won the Superbowl last year?
Yes, Michael Jackson wrote Dirty Diana, one of my favorites. Did you know that he also starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, I love Men in Black II. It was directed by Roland Emmerich and it was released in 2002.
He was also in The Wiz, Yes, Have you seen it?
Yeah, Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Great. I liked Max Brooks in a few film, like World War Z, but I didn't know that.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, I think you would like that as well.
I do like the Red Sox, but I don't like the Red Sox. Do you like them?
How are they doing this year? It's probably one of the best teams in the AFC West.
I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite sport?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it was released in 1998 and is an action film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that kind of movie?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes, Hugh Jackman is in it. Did you know he was also in The Wolverine?
That's a great movie! It was written by Stephen Sommers. He also wrote The Wolverine, you might like that.
He's the Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy II was released in 1995.
Do you like fiction movies? Z for Zachariah is Douglas Adams was also released in 1986.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Ok, he wrote The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now. Are you interested in either of those?
Great. Have you seen The Godfather II? It stars Marlon Brando, but I haven't seen that one.
Marlon Brando is known for starring in the film The Godfather Part II and the movie The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, it was. It was a great movie.
You should check out Apocalypse Now. It stars Marlon Brando too.
I think that the Green Bay Packers are a great team, I really like their coach- Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
That's interesting. Didn't he win the 2012 Olympics?
Who isn't?! He's a great businessman!
I don't really follow football much so I don't know much about football. Who is the coach for the Bears?
1.  1 is actually written by  [Z no shmetsu].
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It's a Romance movie. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor Vince was in a film called Beautiful Darkness, which also starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her work?
Sure, You Again is a Lie, written by Andy Wachowski. It is an excellent romantic comedy, and a suspense film.
The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, who also wrote The Hero. Would you like to read it?
Well, it's genre is historical fiction. Is that something you'd like to read?
Xenocide is a science fiction piece by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Certainly. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, do you like Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and The Informant! Have you seen either of those?
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton was in The Christmas Blessing, do you like country?
God Gave Me You is a dance pop artist. Do you like that type of music?
I don't but that's where he was influenced by Selena Gomez
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it was released in 1922. It's considered a drama, as well as a comedy.
I'm sorry. I don't have any suggestions for TV series, but you might like You Got Served, Wild Ones by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love football, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Exactly. Do you like Army ofNavy because it's a team?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I think Mike Tomlin is a former coach. I'm a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm a Texans fan. He's a very good coach.
I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers were runner up for Super Bowl XXXI. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, she wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Connery and he was the main character. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, I will. Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
That was the year that released Milk and Honey
Yes, she sure did. Do you like her work?
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry, I don't have any authors similar to her.
You're welcome :)
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
It's a movie too, are you interested in any other writings by him?
It's a thriller. It's about the story of a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
It was released in 1967
You are welcome
Sure, Romeo and Juliet is a film adaptation of Romeo and Juliet. The Chronicles of Narnia is starring William Shakespeare. what else can i answer for you?
What You Will is a drama/romance and was released in 1599.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Rory Kinnear, Benedict Cumberbatch
Great, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by the same author! A Thousand Splendid Suns is also a good one. Have you read it?
Sure, he has actually written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed, and The Kite Runner.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not sure where he's, but he's a really good athlete.
He has written The Matrix Collection, City of Glass, and City of Glass. Have you seen any of those?
It is about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It tells the story of a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It is about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a drama/thriller that was released in 2016. Definitely a good watch! It's highly recommended!
Sure! Are you interested in adding them now?
He was starring in Friends with Benefits
It was a comedy that also stars Shaun White. He was in it as well
Didn't she star in that show? Wasn't that a comedy too?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Gods of Mars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did. Would you like more information about him?
Sure, would you like me to add it to your list?
Sure! He directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
The stars of this movie are Billy Boyd, Ethan Hawke and Frank Langella.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The book Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Be sure to check out The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror as well.
If you enjoyed Treasure Island, you might also like The Black Arrow. Have you read it?
I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers...The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
Sure, he wrote some great movies like The Ninth Gate, Rosemary's Baby, Chinatown, Ghostbusters
It was released in 1995
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockingjay
Jack London wrote a lot of westerns. Is that a genre you like to watch?
It sure did, along with The Hunger Games, another movie with White Fang.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and the Avengers. Do you like those films?
James Franco also starred in X-Men 2. He's an excellent actor.
James Franco also starred in the comedy Silence of the Lambs.
I'm not sure of when Shadows was released.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein,The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of this genre?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English. It was released in 1818.
You are welcome! Happy reading!
It is a Psychological thriller. It's starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Shailene Woodley, Ryan Gosling and Rupert Everett all starred in Fight Club.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you familiar with these?
You are welcome, have a great day.
Sure! Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Its genre is Thriller/Drama is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, that is correct. Denzel Washington was in The Siege as well. Are you interested in a particular genre?
To Kill a Mockingbird is another great movie that is similar to The Siege.
You're right! Snoop Dogg was in Training Day as well with Denzel Washington.
Yes, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
That's awesome. Would you be interested in some other sports besides baseball?
I like baseball too! Who's your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It came out in 1997, the same year as The Phantom Menace, have you read this?
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner and Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like these actors?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in America. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in the movie The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
The Good the Bad and the Ugly is a western and adventure movie as well.
Yes, you should check out The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in America.
No problem, enjoy!
The only book I know about him is Timequake. Have you read it?
There is not that I know of but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is another good one.
He's directed a lot of movies like Million Dollar Baby and Gran Torino. Have you seen those?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like them?
I'm not sure. Freeman also starred in The Civil War, The Republic of Love, and The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
I'm not sure when it came out, but some other movies that came out are The Vatican Tapes and The Cuckoo's Calling.
The movie was released in 2001, it also stars Carmen Argenziano.
Brad Garrett wrote The Pacifier,The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
The movie is a comedy that is about a flesh eating form-less space blob that fell into this small town and took over.
Jay Leno has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and was released in 1999
I agree, they are a good team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Yes I do. Philadelphia Eagles are owned by J.J. Abrams.
I'm a huge fan of the Washington Redskins.
I like the Patriots, too! Who's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It's a great movie! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening both starred in it.
Yes, it is a drama, as well as a comedy. I highly recommend it!
Did you like The Incredible Hulk because it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
The Skeleton Key is a good one. It stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Sure. It was released in 2010. It's also a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie.
Then you might enjoy Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis and Stanley Kubrick
Do you like the Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, he also starred in a bunch of movies like X-Men: First Class and The World War Z.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. It's a biographical film and was released in 2011.
She has also starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige, and The Rum Diary.
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is an action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. They are amazing.
Sure Ryan Reynolds was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller Sci-Fi movie with Huge Jackman, but i didn't know it was released in 1991.
It was Ryan Reynolds too, I am not sure who is in it, but it is a Romance movie like The Hero. You like romance movies?
You are welcome, Enjoy!
He directed The Transporter starring Jason Statham. Have you seen that movie?
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Statham. Are you familiar with these actors?
He was also the starring in William H Macy and Joe Mantegna. Would you like to know more about The Transporter?
Good Will Hunting is a great drama, crime fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ben Affleck, she also starred in Water for Elephants.
Yes, it was. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
The Town is a horror movie and is directed by Ben Affleck. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a book called Jumanji. It was released in 2014.
Sure, it was written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
That's right. It's similar to The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, I would recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You are welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Tom Cruise, Tim Allen and Tom Cruise . Do you like any of these actors?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise was in Days of Thunder, a romantic comedy. Is that of interest?
I'm not sure of the exact date but it was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bruce Willis was in that film, along with Hudson Hawk
I am not sure about Bruce Willis, but I know he was in Hudson Hawk
The Last Legion is another great one, have you seen it yet?
ok great movie do you like any other action movies?
I know that he's a composer and song writer. Do you like him?
Get Me Out of My Mind is a good one , Thanks for the information.
I don't know much about her, but I do know he has a band with Chris Martin as well
Sure, he starred in the movie The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III the same
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
The Handmaid's Tale and The Giver are very good ones if you haven't already.
It came out in 1985. Another speculative fiction book do you like that genre?
Youre welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in When You Are Engulfed in Philadelphia, that is a comedy
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil. Have you read either of those ?
I'm more into speculative fiction. I would recommend World War Z. It's so sad.
Yes, it was also written by Michelle Paver, Michelle Paver, and also starred in Shark Tale, another one of my favorites.
It was, I agree. The Golden Compass is another good one of hers.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Philip Van Doren Stern and he also wrote Clockwork Prince.
The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Mulligan, and its an adventure film
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,
I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer. Do you like him?
It's a Warriors fan aren't doing well this year they won the NBA Finals.
Not really,I know Steph Curry is a basketball player too. Do you follow basketball?
Sure, do you like the author Frank McCourt? He wrote Teacher Man
Sure, he also wrote Teacher Man.
You are welcome
This book is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction.
He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. If you like the book you should check it out. It is an excellent choice.
It was released in 1997. It is also very good reads.
You are very welcome!
I think they're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
Who is he?
I heard they are a very good team
You may be interested in The Sea Wolf. It is a speculative fiction novel.
White Fang is considered a fiction. Another fiction book you might enjoy is Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one yet?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a drama. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, I love Richard Gere too! He was in Men in Black 3 and I loved him in that movie. Did you see it?
It was a good comedy as well. Do you like comedies?
Did you know that it was produced by Steven Spielberg?
Great. Have you seen it?
Would you like recommendations similar to comedies?
It was released in 2009 and is a romance / comedy genre.
Oh yes, it's a nice one. Did you know she was a writer and a model?
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
Did you know that Maurice Hindle was also a model and a film producer?
There are so many great ones to read. The Silkworm and The Cuckoos Calling are also great examples.
It's a fantasy novel by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2004.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is written by Mike Myers, and he also wrote Monsters, Inc.
They're a great baseball team but I don't really follow baseball. What's your favorite team?
I don't know about that, I am a fan. The Red Sox are my favorite, but I don't really like it.
I don't know a lot about that, just that's why I don't know. But, a few of the people that I've listened to the radio.
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix and The Human Stain, which is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like crime fiction films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he was in a comedy called The Matrix.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than she wrote The Lies of Locke Lamora
The Buccaneers are my favorite team, but I'm not much of a football fan. I prefer tennis, do you like any other sports?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
It starred suspense and action. Do you enjoy those kinds of movies?
He wrote the movie The Great Gatsby. It's an adventure film and it was released in 2005.
I do not know but i can tell you it was released in 2005
The Denver Broncos are ok. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
Wasn't the Panthers in the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yeah, he played for the Broncos. I'm not sure if he coached that team but he was a good coach.
Yeah, I'm sure you'll enjoy those dramas.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about them, but I do know they were the runner-up in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a fan?
I think it's a good team, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I liked Field of Dreams. Did you know that Ray Liotta was in that movie?
Isn't he a point guard with the Chicago Bulls?
I like LeBron James, he's a good basketball player. I like basketball
No, I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good player though.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Robert Duvall and it is the genre comedy, romance and comedy.
Of course, do you like science-fiction films?
You're correct. Gladiator is a good one. You should check it out!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure of the sequel, but The Dark Knight Rises is directed by Christopher Nolan as well. Have you seen it?
Enjoy your movies!
He also wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005, the same year The Golden Fool was released.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a suspense book. Do you like that genre?
Z for Zachariah is a great one
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Are you familiar with his work?
Lake of Fire stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you familiar with these actors?
You're welcome
Sure,  was written by E.V. Rieu in English,
E.V. Rieu wrote  and it was released 720.
The Flattered Fish was released in 1962 and other is in English
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Historical novel
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No. J.R.R. Tolkien wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor or director?
In that case you may enjoy "Zodiac" or "Zodiac."
Sure. It stars Tom Cruise and Anthony Edwards. Are you a fan of either?
I hope you enjoy them
Sure! He wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read that?
The Power of Habit is a book released in 2011
You got it.
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, he is a great player. Didn't he play for the Chicago Celtics?
Yes, he is. He is, the current coach of the Celtics is Larry Bird. Did you know that?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jim Thorpe
Yes, it sure does. They're one of the best teams in the NFL.
youre welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was directed by Tim Burton. If you like him, you should check out A Bug's Life. It's an excellent one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie with Crescendo. Is it the genre you like or the actors?
Did you enjoy Northgate Abby because it was a satire or a romance novel?
Sense and Sensibility is another great one by Jane Austen.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, another romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? My favorite band is Mystic River though. He's a very good rapper
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or animation films?
It stars Tika Sumpter and Tom Cruise. It is a adventure movie, do you like this genre?
Yes, she did. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
That's right, it's a great movie! Would you like to know who produced it?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Crying Game are my favorites.
Will do happy to help
Yes, he's an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
His father is a famous bowler, and his father is a famous bowler.
Yes, it was written by Simon Beaufoy
I think he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Is he a point guard?
Yes, he also owns the Oakland Raiders.
I did! Seattle Seahawks is a great team!
Yes. The King's Speech was written by Iain Canning and Gareth Unwin and it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, that is correct. He also starred in The King's Speech which is a drama and Martin Short
Are you interested in any other shows by John Malkovich?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Sia Furler, I don't know a lot of her music. I'm afraid I don't listen to much of her music, but I grew up listening to Sylvester Stallone.
She's a very talented singer. I also like her song Almost Is Never Enough
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a big fan of the Bears. They're having a good season this year!
That's great! What's your favorite football team?
I think he's a good basketball player. What's your favorite team?
I believe he's a shooting guard right? I'm not sure.
I'm not sure, but he is sure do you like him?
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth. It is a thriller and drama.
Sure, I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Sure, she has starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a romance film and The Pillars of the Earth.
You are welcome. Enjoy your movie.
Yes, that was a great movie! It was written by John Logan. Are you familiar with him?
You might enjoy The Good Doctor or The Ugly Truth then. Have you seen any of these?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I believe Lovie Smith is a former coach. I don't know of any other players in the league.
I do like football. I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. It was great for young children.
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, it's one of my favorites.
It's a good one, too. It's considered a fantasy as well.
Great, I think you will enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. Have you seen it?
I think you would enjoy it, let me know if you need anything else.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
Hmm, I'm sorry I don't show any similar films, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Scream of the Banshee, which is a Japanese film.
You might enjoy the Mists of Avalon by Hayao Miyazaki. It's a Japanese film.
You're welcome!
He wrote the Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1993. It's about the story of a girl and a vampire. Dorian is a film starring Jeffrey Eugenides.
It was released in 1991. It's a great book. It was written by Jeffrey Eugenides.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Seth Rogen who also wrote This Is the End, which is also a comedy.
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Huntsman: Winter's War.
Yes, Mindy Kaling has been in lots of movies, including High School Musical, X-Men, and X-Men.
Hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Return of the Native
Yes, Miranda Richardson was in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in Lolita.
That is a fantasy drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Have a good day!
Oh yes, I love her! She is very talented. Did you know that she is friends with Britney Spears?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira.
I'll check it out, thanks for the recommendation
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale, who also starred in Memento.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also starred in Memento and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film.
Great, enjoy the film!
He plays football in the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
The Chicago Bears are fourth in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. Are you a fan?
Yeah, I think they are doing pretty well this season. I'm not bad at all.
Yes, I think they're doing well this year as always.
Not that I can tell, would you like something with the same author?
It is a great book about social criticism from the 1860s. Charles Dickens also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which was released in 1851.
I don't know anything else by him, but A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1845.
It is a historical novel by Charles Dickens. Do you like that author?
Sure. The work class is based on the works of art. Would you like to know more about the author?
You're welcome
Sure, I do. She wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Guard. Are you a fan?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's genre is speculative fiction.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction by Kierra Cass and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a science fiction movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, it is, you should definitely watch it if you like action packed
You might enjoy The Last Samurai, which is also a drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm was released in 1949. It's a childrens literature. Another popular book that came out that year was The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure, he has written a few things, such as The Ruby in the Smoke and The Bone Clocks.
It was written by Roderick Thorp. Would you like to read it?
Well, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over. Have you read either of these?
No problem, enjoy!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and the other Hobbit films.
The movie was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a 1998 film starring Bradley Cooper. It was released in 1997.
It is a sci-fi adventure film directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2010. It is considered a thriller and a war film.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
i dont have that information. anything else i can do for you?
no i dont. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
It was released in 1843 along with The Raven.
You're welcome
I know that he's an athlete, a Spain national football team. He plays midfielder. Do you like football?
I don't know if that's them. Sorry
I'm not sure but he was actually born in Salto as well.
Aladdin is starring Farrah Fawcett. It's a war film. Are you interested in movies that are similar?
There was also the Warrior's Way
Of course. It's a family movie, you should check out The Hangover
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman also starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did and he also directed it as well! Do you like dramas?
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was. Do you like his music?
He was also in Jumanji!
No problem, enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Xander Berkeley and Margot Robbie who are very good actors
Starring Rupert Everett and Margot Robbie
Not a problem
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes, I like her song Super Bass. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
Did you know that he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. He was in My Own Private Idaho?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears
Yes The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day, It was released in 2005, and written by Sedaris, Dr. Sedaris, and David Sedaris. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Me, too! It's so funny! You are welcome!
Sure. Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both romantic comedies. Do you like romantic comedies?
Youth in Revolt is an adventure film
Your welcome enjoy
Great enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
Of course! Blood Diamond was an action film and a mystery. Is that what you're looking for?
Didn't DJimon Hounsou play in the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2005
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in City of Bones and Valkyrie.
Yes, he stars in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Devil Wears Prada starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Are you interested in romance or comedy films?
She has also starred in Wicked Lovely, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, she was in that movie as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Wolverine: The Cuckoo's Calling and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you like that genre?
Then you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, When a Stranger Calls, or Wildwood Dancing.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a Thriller.
The Bourne Legacy also stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Jim Carrey?
The Bourne Identity starred Jim Carrey and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Hayao Miyazaki directed Vendetta. Have you heard of it?
It is considered a drama, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird which was released in 2002.
I don't think I've seen Ponyo, but Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, it actually is a film, only if you like anime films, it's a film to be exact.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to know more about them?
There are so many stars, including Bruce Willis, Jordana Brewster, and Nicole Kidman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Girl on the Train is a postmodernist and post-apocalyptic fiction novel written by Paula Hawkins. Are you interested in a specific genre?
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day!
Absolutely! Gone, Baby, Gone and Gone with the Wind are Drama books you might like. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have heard of it. It is a mystery, suspense book and fiction. Do you like that type of book?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue, you should check it out. It's a mystery.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and Other Tales of Terror.
I'm not sure but Vladimir Naokov wrote Pnin, Pale Fire, and Lolita
Yes,It was released in 1971
It was a fantasy novel
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book is also a film.
The next in the series is Memoirs of a Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great. Didn't he star in Ocean's Eleven?
Yes, it was!
No, I'm not much of a fan of courtes. But I do know he was in a relationship with Woody Harrelson, he's very funny.
That's true. Did you know that he starred in The Mask?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
There's a version of Wocket in the Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about this?
That's correct. Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket? He wrote that as well.
The movie Kung Fu Panda 2
He's been in the movie Kung Fu Panda 2 and Monsters Inc.
That's right, she was in that movie too!
No problem, enjoy!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Safe Haven is a romance novel by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance?
Charlize Theron stars in Cheaper. Do you like her acting?
It was released in 2004. Do you want me to add it to your playlist?
You may want to check out Zoolander 2 starting Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor
You are most welcome, please enjoy
Sure, I can help with that and it is written by James Cameron and stars Tom Hardy and Christian Bale. Are you familiar with them?
That's correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a classic.
I don't know, but I do know that he was in The Women of Brewster Place with Kevin Smith. Oprah Winfrey also starred in Avatar, which was a great movie.
Sure. Added that to your watch list.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2003 with the genres of Fantasy, Comedy and Adventure. It was also released in 2004.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown, would you like to know more about it?
I believe it is a Mystery
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Great! You may want to check out the tv series by Maurice Sendak, then.
You're welcome.
Sure, you're welcome.
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie, Fantasy.
Idiocracy stars David Lynch and Rosa Salazar. It was released in 1986.
It was released in 1996.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote The Wizard of Oz and Gone with the Wind.
Another good one is Tender is the Night. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure about that. I do know that it was released in 1925.
Your welcome
Sure, Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Are you a fan?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I have heard about Serena, she is one of the best female players of all time. Venus has lost matches to Rafael Nadal but lost matches to Rafael Nadal and Venus too.
Wow. I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is the most famous tennis player of all time.
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Then you might enjoy : Part of series: To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I don't know a lot about her music but I'm familiar with her songs. Did you know she won the award for Best Male Video of the Year?
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a very interesting fact. She's married to Michelle Pfeiffer. Do you know her?
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it's a movie with Sandra Bullock in it. I think you might like it.
Sure Peter Gallagher was in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist. Have you read either of those?
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel. Its part of a series.
The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer is another book he wrote. This book has genre Fiction
Your welcome
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born in Santa Marta. Do you like football?
I don't know much about James Rodriguez, other than he played on the team. Do you play any sports?
Yes, he was on that team. He was a very good coach.
I love her. Her sister Serena is great tennis player too. Are you a fan?
That's interesting. Brett Ratner was in a comedy called No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but she was in a film called Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. Another similar book is Walk Two Moons.
Robert Zemeckis wrote it. He also wrote Three Cups of Tea.
Of course! She wrote The Lovely Bones, and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of novels?
Sure, you can try Vampire Academy, starring Kristen Stewart, or Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, it was. Jack London wrote a great book and i liked it.
you are welcome have a great day
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
You know more about Shoaib Malik, but I don't follow tennis too closely.
I'm not sure. I think Hantuchova is a good athlete.
Yes, he was. He was so good at the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like The Dark World by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote This Is The End and The Huntsman.
That's a great movie! The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott, Chris Weitz, and Nicole Kidman.
She's so brilliant! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also stars in the movie Troy Garity
I'm not sure, I don't think I've seen Elizabethtown.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Galapagos.
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake as well.
I'm not sure about that, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. also wrote Apocalypse Now. They were released in 1986.
He directed a lot of different movies like Mean Girls, Wreck-it Ralph
Yes, John Sayles wrote it, did you know he also wrote Zombieland
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance and Historical movies?
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
Did you know that Phil won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Yeah, I think I've seen this show as well. Do you like him?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to Sarajevo. You should check that out too.
Other movies that I can recommend include The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, The Mother Tongue, and All the Real Girls.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That's correct. Did you know that Spencer Johnson wrote the One Minute Manager?
Sure - he starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Ethan Hawke and Emily Bront, and it was released in 2011.
Nowhere Boy is a comedy and a suspense movie, released in 1987. Yes, Nowhere Boy is considered a Thriller.
Sure, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a film and a mystery. Do you like it because it's a film?
He did and he directed it. Then you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. It is an action film. Have you seen it?
It was considered a political Thriller and was released in 1991.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
It was released in 1997 and is a mystery. Do you like that kind of book?
I think you would enjoy it. If you like historical fiction you should check out Girl With a Pearl Earring.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The genre is speculative fiction. Frank Darabont was also in The Mist.
Great, do you want me to add these to your watch list?
Great, I recommend Annie Hall if you haven't seen it.
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which was produced by Michael Clayton.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a comedy
Whiteout, Ex Machina
good adventure movie
Welcome
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's part of the series?
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree
Esphyr Slobodkina, and Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and The Missing Piece.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he composed WE Rode in Trucks, have you heard it?
I don't know a whole lot, but I heard he is friends with Taylor Swift. Do you like his country?
Yes, I do. Do you know her country?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
It's a film starring Laura Hillenbrand released in 1999. It's considered a historical novel.
Hope you enjoy them
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Pratt, Jesse Eisenberg, and James Franco to name just a few.
Yes, it is a band with Mimi Rogers and Michael Madsen, who also starred in Tuck Everlasting.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you read either of these?
William Shakespeare wrote a great book called The Name of the Wind.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Great, then I recommend The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction.
Yes! He's a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
He also played soccer in the 2012 Olympics
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and plays tennis
Yes I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I am a fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Thanks for the info, I'm not sure.
The Wiz was a great movie. Do you like the genre or the actors in it?
She also stars in White House Down. It's a very good movie.
That's a great one! You might like Shrek vs. Aliens, starring Wayne Pratt.
I would recommend White House Down. It's also a film in the same genre.
Would you like recommendations for other comedies if you like Parable genre?
You are welcome.
Sure, he's an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and Sleepy Hollow. Do you like him?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the India national cricket team? I'm not sure.
Not really, I am more of a European Football fan and I don't really follow it. I prefer American Football.
Yes, he is, and he is also a professional cricketer. Do you like it?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
White Fang and White Nights are also released that year
You are most welcome, please enjoy!
I think Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team. I don't follow soccer at all.
I think I remember Vicente del Bosque also played for them.
Yes, he did. I think he was a midfielder as well.
Yes he did and he also coached Netherlands national football team.
Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight Rises, The Man in the White City, and many more. Have you read any of these ?
He also wrote THe Cuckoo's Calling and THe Cuckoo's Calling.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like that, you might also like The Gathering Storm. Have you read those?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James. He also wrote Paper Towns
Of course, it was released in 2011
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction book, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Her next book is Seabiscuit, it is about a race horse. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not familiar with him I'm more of a football fan. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart. Do you like his work?
I am not sure he did direct it. Alan, Ladd also produced it and he directed it
He's one of my favorites along with Meryl Streep
Hope you enjoy it
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
It was released in 1943.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, that's right. Didn't they also win the Super Bowl last year?
I don't think so, but he was a good player.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Fiction and Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Then you might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Zodiac
The Stand is written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and Snow Crash is a Fiction Novel.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also made Zoolander. Would you like more information about it?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Redmayne, and Ben Stiller. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure, you may also like A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth, both comedies
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure about that, but Diana Gabaldon wrote the Own Hearts Blood.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, which was released in 2000.
Not that I can tell, but Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island with Liam Neeson
It was released in 1995
Great! Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems that they're definitely underrated.
I think I would be better than they do. I think the Bears were having a good season this year. Do you have any information about them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Bears as well! Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I'm not sure, but John Liam also directed That Thing You Do! which is another drama that you might enjoy.
I'm not sure, but John Liman also produced it. He's a great director.
It had Oprah Winfrey, Dwayne Johnson, and Ben Stiller. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, he's also an author and he wrote Snow White and the Huntsman. Are you interested in his work?
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She's married to Gabrielle Union. She recently starred in a movie called Good Will Hunting with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Yes it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey. Did you know he also wrote it?
Yes, it was a great movie. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
It has a great cast, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. He also directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Is that of interest?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Sullivan Stapleton, and Sullivan Stapleton. Are you interested in the film?
It came out in 1999 and is considered a drama.
You might enjoy Watership Down, it is one of the best fantasy movies in the world.
Yes, she is. Do you like her work?
She was in the movie Gone, Baby, Gone, Greek.
You're welcome.
I am a Yankee fun, but I don't know much about the team. Who is the coach?
Magic Johnson is an excellent choice. Did you know the Dodgers are part of the Dodgers?
That's great, I had no idea. I know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read this one?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyn Peake and Vladimir Nabokov also starred in the film.
The version was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. He also starred in the film.
I'm not sure of any other books that made into a movie, however, I can tell you other movies directed by Christopher Nolan
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
There's Sword of Shannara, and Sword of Shannara, and Sword of Shannara, are some of the good ones.
The Sword of Shannara is actually a film, and she also wrote A Clockwork Orange and The Kiss of the Dragon.
I believe he is a football player, but I don't know much about Paul Pogba.
Yes, he's a forward, right? I don't know much about him, other than he plays for them.
Yes, would you like to learn more about the NFL?
I believe the Saints are doing well this year. Do you like football?
Sure, He wrote Ds Parfum, he also a writer and a screen writer.
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel by John Steinbeck, and the next in the series is The Pearl of the Earth.
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Fiction. do you like these genres?
Great I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth do you like fiction novels?
I believe it was released in 1961. Great book and a great read!
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote Silence of the Lambs.
You are welcome have a great day!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
She also starred in Seven Psychopaths. That's a good one!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, that movie has a great cast. It was directed by Ray Bradbury. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! She also starred in the movie Thirteen, Have you seen it?
She also starred in the movie A Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome. Enjoy the film!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It's considered a science fiction novel.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The genre is science fiction
He also wrote The Good Doctor
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like them?
It was. Do you like thrillers? You may also like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a action film similar to A New Hope, which is also a fantasy.
Okay, if you want something with the same genre, check out The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Interstellar had a big role in the movie Interstellar
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is a young adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. It was released in 2012.
He directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz. He also directed the Golden Compass
Tom Wilkinson and Denis Leary both starred in it.
She has also starred in Tropic Thunder, The Bone Clocks, and Roxanne
You are welcome, goodbye.
I do. I think he is a very good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't. I've never watched a match before but I heard it was very good.
It looks like it is. It's always fun to watch. Thanks for the recommendation.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince, have you read it?
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
He was a musician, musician and screenwriter also played in the movie.
Sure, did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci Fi?
Sure, you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Logan is a sci-fi adventure film starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Pratt.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote the Watchmen. Did you know that he wrote it?
I like drama films, I think you might like xXx: State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and Rosemary's Baby
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Abolitionist.
The Godfather was released in 1999 and starred Al Pacino and Marlon Brando.
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. You might enjoy The Shawshank Redemption or The Mists of Avalon.
The Shining is another great one Stephen King wrote it, have you read it yet?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Not that I am aware of
Will Smith of course! That's a great film. It's a sci-fi film.
I am not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Seven Pounds also. Have you seen either of those?
He's been in a lot of action movies. I, Robot is also a sci-fi movie. I, Robot is another good one with Will Smith. Have you seen it?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
If you like action films, you should watch A Bug's Life. It is also a great adventure movie.
Yes it is. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a lyricist
I like him more, he has a nice voice. What do you think about him?
That's so cool, but I haven't heard anything about him lately though, what is his last album?
It was written in 1960. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
Sure, I can help with that and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil and starred in it.
Sure, you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall Of the Romance.
Perhaps you would like X-Men 2. That's a great Sci-Fi movie with the same genre.
Sure! The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with him?
The Deer Hunter is directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Meryl Streep has also starred in Silence
It also stars Joe Mantegna and Jim Carrey
The Denver Broncos are fourth in their division right now.
It was really good, I don't have any more questions about them at this year. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cold Mountain starring Jim Carrey and Nicole Kidman?
I did. Didn't Renee Zellweger star in Shark Tale?
Cold Mountain is probably a good choice. It's a war film. If you are interested in movies you should check out The Ugly Truth and Monsters Inc. They're also good movies.
J. K. Simmons is an actor. He's known for writing young adult fiction like Young Adult. He also wrote The Scout, Whispers, and True Grit.
He has done a bunch. He's in a film called Shark Night, which is a thriller. He also starred in it as well.
It also stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure, but he was in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Have you seen it?
Oh yes, he's also funny. I'm sure you'll like The Rum Diary. It's directed by Ron Howard.
Well it's good! I think you will like it! It's a good one!
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan?
I am not sure of that but Daniel Roebel also starred in The Fugitive.
Yes, that was a great movie.
Have you seen The Fugitive or Star Wars Holiday Special? They are both romantic comedies.
Yes, he was in that movie as well! Do you like his movies?
Let me know if I can recommend anything else.
J.M. Barrie wrote The Blue Castle, Rilla of Ingleside, and The Puppet Master. Have you read any of these?
Peter Pan has genre Fiction. Do you like books in that genre?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I like him
Yea, he plays for France national football team. I don't follow international sports.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Paul Walker. Are you interested in any of them?
VIn Diesel also starred in King Kong and The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen them?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes it did and he also starred in Made which is a thriller, crime drama
That's a great movie, did you know Tom Cruise starred in this movie?
Yes that's correct!
Yes, she did. The Gazebo is a great movie.
The Gazebo is a great movie, I highly recommend it
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This Is the End, which stars Steve Carell and Edward Norton. Are you interested in animated films?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a drama, starring Brad Pitt, to name just a couple. The first movie was released in 2010 and directed by Peter Hyams
Sure, I see that Seth MacFarlane wrote True Grit and starred in Men in Black
Skyfall stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. Great movie!
Sure, he has also starred in The Huntsman: First Class and The Women of Brewster Place.
It was produced by J.J. Abrams.
It is a fantasy film, are you interested in those types of films?
Absolutely! Adventure is a great movie, it is a fantasy, adventure movie as well.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that author?
Oh yes, she's one of my favorites. I liked her in that film as well. She was also in Wicked by Nicholas Sparks.
Oh yes, he's very good. He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He directed Three Kings. Are you a fan?
It is an adventure and action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was, along with Rachel Ticotin.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love that book. Did you know that it was written by John Green?
I think he was a recurring writer on the TV show The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
That came out in 2008 and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was the same year that released The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead.
Sure, I can do that! Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome! Enjoy your book!
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? It's a romantic comedy.
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a thriller.
I haven't heard of them, but I am sure you will love them!
Sure, I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, it's one of my favorites.
Sure, do you like Fantasy films?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endeaver. He also wrote the Harry Potter series
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
I'm not sure about Tom Cruise, but I would recommend Days of thunder.
You're welcome
Your welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. He dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz. You like her?
Yes, he did and he starred in Men in Black 3 and he wrote it too.
Yes, I do like dramas. You should watch It if you like dramas.
Casino Royale was written by Ian Fleming and Martin Campbell. It is an adventure film.
If you like action films, you should check out A Bug's Life. It is also a great spy film.
I am not sure if it is, but it is starring Daniel Craig.
I know that he is a soccer player on the Mexico national team. You like soccer?
Yes, it is coached by Ryan Giggs. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Son of Sobek which was released. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988, written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Son of Sobek which was released in 1988.
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos. Onze minutos was released in 1958
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Missing. It's a thriller too?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch football and I like to watch the Seattle Seahawks. What is your favorite sport to watch?
The Redskins is a great team! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Peter Hyams. It was released in 1922 and is considered a book.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Taylor Swift was in that movie as well. Do you like her?
Sure, Andy Garcia also starred in The Perfect Score, and My Best Friend's Girl.
Sure. Other movies in that genre include The Return of the King, The Mad Ship, The Golden Compass, and The Cool World.
Hope you enjoy it! You're welcome!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan?
I have not seen it, but I'm glad Ned Beatty was in that, too!
Yes, that's a great movie! You should see Jerry Maguire, is that a type of movie I've seen?
You might enjoy Missoula, it's one of my favoriterom-coms.
He starred in Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
It's a fantasy, adventure film and a action film. Do you like Liam Neeson?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, you can try The Julian chapter and The Owl series. Both are excellent reads.
That's right! Have you read it?
I'm not sure. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2014
I liked him in the movie The Muppets! Did you see that?
Yes, Bill Murray also starred in it. He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre book is a film, such as The Giver, The Handmaid's Tale and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, I do! It was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
If you liked romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she starred in the movies A Beautiful Mind and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and released in 1996.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Would you like to hear about other crime movies like This Must Be the World or Zodiac?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, Louise Maude wrote .  and .
No problem, I am glad to help.
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He starred in the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies, including The Good Doctor, and Troy.
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I think you might like The Lake of Dreams or The Secrets of a Fire. Do you know any others?
That's a great one!
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score. Are you a fan of either?
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy, do you like romantic comedies?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like recommendations similar to this?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby. He also wrote To Have and Have Not
Don't mention it
You're welcome
Not much, I do know that he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you enjoy watching tennis?
Yes, I am a fan. Didn't he lose to Roger Federer?
Yes, He competed in the 2012 Olympics in 2012
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction novel that was released in 1979. It is part of the series after World War II.
You're not sure about that, it's a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any other books written by Jared Diamond?
It is a romantic comedy. You might also like The Ruby in the Smoke.
Virginia Woolf is the author. She also wrote Lady Gaga.
Do you like Wes Craven because it starred Stephen Fry or because it was a fantasy?
He also directed Scream 4. It's a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Yes she did. Harris Yulin also starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as Searching for Bobby Fischer.
Hope you enjoy it!
Of course, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Violin as well.
I don't think so, but i know Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1994. She also wrote Boyfriend
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
Then you might enjoy Neverwhere by Gaiman and it is also fantasy.
Glad to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
It's considered both Speculative and Science Fiction.
It was released in 1997, the same year The Giver'' Tempted was released.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the sequel to it.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Glenn, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Warcraft is a War film, while Mary Tyler Moore stars in it.
Yes I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I think the Seattle Seahawks will be doing a good job this year
Jesse Jame and Jesse McCartney are my favorites. Do you like them?
I've been to a Miami Marlins game, I was happy to see the game live.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Andrew Garfield was the director
He also directed Apocalypse Now
Sure, it was written by Tony Gilroy and stars Matt Damon. Do you like him?
I have not seen this one, but I heard it was great. Who is the star of it?
I haven't seen it but I have glimpse at the trailer. Its a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Lord of the Rings
It's a fantasy movie, starring John Lee Hancock. Do you like fantasy movies?
Hugh Jackman starred in it. You should check it out, it was really funny.
He was in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, it comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
I do. Did you know that he also wrote The Titan's Curse?
It's the third book in The Lightning Thief series, so you should check that one out!
Glad I could help! Enjoy!
She starred in the science fiction film, Water for Elephants.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a historical drama. She also wrote Riding in Cars with Boys.
That's a great one! It was written by Sara Dessen. It's a romance and suspense that you might like.
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan
Of course! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Queen's Fool.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and many more. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Gosling
Deadpool has genre Romance
He's great to watch and a great athlete but I don't know if I really like him.
Yes, I believe he is. Do you like him?
Yes, he had a brother named Lebron, doesn't he?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I do. The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth George Speare and is the third book in the Young-adult fiction series. Are you interested in reading them?
Enjoy!
James Franco has starred in Palo Alto and Whatever it Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and its considered a drama and a suspense film. It's considered a romantic comedy.
It was released in 2003
Enjoy!
I know she wrote The Joy Luck Club and The Hundred Secret Senses. Both great books.
The Hundred Secret Senses is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre too?
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He starred in The Apostle, have you seen it?
It had a great cast. Robert Duvall, Farrah Fawcett, and Miranda Richardson.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in it.
I'm not sure, but if you like Sci-Fi you might enjoy X-Men Apocalypse, too.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Mark Waters directed the movie Wreck-it Ralph.
Tod Fennell, Chester Bennington and Ben Stiller were also in that movie. Do you like them?
It seems to be a Western, crime drama, and a mystery. Is that of interest?
You're welcome!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book by her?
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander which is a drama. She also wrote Paint It Black.
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a poetry book.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is known for his films, such as Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo
You may enjoy Akira Kurosawa. He has starred in many comedies including Seven Samurai and Mad Men.
Seven Samurai starred J.K. Simmons and Takashi Shimura.
I'll do that right away. Takashi Shimura starred in Slumdog Millionaire, you might like that.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is directed by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about this film?
Yes, he wrote Les Misérables.
Yes,it was released the same year as The Mists of Avalon
That's right! He wrote quite a few famous plays like Romeo and Juliet
Look Windward and World After was released in 1862
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Shane was also in the movie Wild Bill, have you seen it?
your welcome
Certainly. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Sure, you might like The Sword in the Stone or The Looking Glass Wars. They are both fantasy books.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did! A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1838.
That's correct! Have you read A Christmas Carol? It's a classic!
Great, enjoy!
He's an athlete who was drafted to play basketball as a point guard for Seattle Supersonics.
No i don't
I do like to watch football. My favorite team is the Red Sox
I haven't, but I've seen Despicable Me 2. He must be good at it.
I have not seen it but I heard it was good, it was very good.
He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It's pretty cool that he wrote it!
I believe so. If you liked that one, you might also like You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Are you interested in science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote Wesley Snipes
It was released in 1957 as a part of the same year The Fountainhead was released
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, the same writer and I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
You should try When You Reach Me written by Rebecca Stead. It's also young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the books!
Great. Have a great day!
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that too, he was very funny. Did you know that he also starred in The Little Prince?
He was in My apologies, he's very funny. He was in the movie This is The End, which is also a comedy.
Great! I think you will enjoy This Is the End, starring Mel Gibson.
Are you interested in the author James Patterson? He wrote the same book and he also wrote a lot of other books he wrote if you like.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is, similar to Wuthering Heights and Wyrd Sisters. They are also great fiction books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. What is your favorite team?
I do. I like to watch the Warriors at times, but I don't really follow the sport. Are you a fan?
I enjoy football. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi.
Yes, he is a quarterback.
It looks like that's right. He is married to Gisele. She starred in it as well.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1973, it's a tragicomedy.
It was released in 1866, the same year as The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
Hope you enjoy them!
The film was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie produced it.
Yes, he was in it as well as Randy Newman and Oprah Winfrey.
It was released in 1999
You're welcome!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay did and it was released in 2015.
That's the only book I've read by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
She wrote the series of book for Black Beauty. Did you know she was born in 1866?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have, a bunch. I do like them. Did you know that they are one of the best in the music industry?
Yes, he did play the piano and the guitar.
I think it was a show as well. Thanks for letting me know.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
Orphan Train is considered as historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend A Piece of the World. It's also historical fiction.
Glad to help
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
Okay, a couple of the main stars in that movie are Lean Hedley and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Sure, it's a Drama.
You're welcome.
J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Sure. The Sandman was also great Adventure and Sci fi movie. It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Do you like this author? She wrote City of Bones. He also wrote This Lullaby.
Yes, he did. It's a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers? He's one of my favorite comedians.
Yeah, I think you'd like to see that one. It's a mystery and movie.
Yes, Zodiac is considered one of the best Mystery films of all time.
Not a problem, enjoy!
I think he's a great actor. Didn't he star in a movie called The Man in the Iron Mask?
Yes, you're right. I don't follow football too closely.
Not really. I like Dallas Cowboys if I'm having a favorite.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed both The Prophet of Yonwood and The City of Ember.
Ponyo starred in the movie Ponyo, it also stars Kate Winslet and Emilio Estevez. Do you like them?
Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 and was directed by Hayao Miyazaki. He also directed Ponyo
You're welcome.
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting which stars Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Good Will Hunting is an action movie, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that specific mystery, but I can tell you more about the mystery aspect of it.
LOL! It's a great film!
I'm not sure, but it's a psychological thriller with a lot of action. I think you should enjoy it!
Sure thing! Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I am a fan. He plays football in my favorite team, the Dallas Cowboys.
He had a favorite game against the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
That's a good team, I'm hoping they have a good chance.
Sure! Do you like comedies? Have you seen him in Hudson Hawk? It's an adventure film.
The Older was released in 2001 and also stars Toby Jones. Are you a fan of him?
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz also star in that movie. Are you a fan of them?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is also a director, but he directed it too! Do you like his movies?
I sure can. Willis was added to your watch list for you.
You're welcome.
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in Gran Torino. It was produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
That movie has Cory Hardrict in it, and it was produced by Clint Eastwood.
Kevin Cory Hardrict starred in the Day along with Ryan Gosling. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Of course, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
The Wheel of Time is a science fiction book, post-apocalyptic zombie book.
It was released in 2003
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it's a family movie?
I recommend The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that movie, but Molly Shannon starred in The Santa Clause Before Chone, The Mask of Zorro
That was a great book. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead.
Yes, Orson Scott Card is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. Some other science fiction titles you may enjoy are Xenocide and World Without End. Are you interested in any of those?
If you enjoyed Ender's Game, you may want to try Under the Never Sky or Stardust. Both are excellent books.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He was also in The Mask of Zorro
You're welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
I am not sure, but I do know he was in the movies C3ppense and the Oscar et la dame rose. Do you like those films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. What do you like about the movie or the stars?
No, I do not
your welcome
Are you referring to the version of A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens?
He also starred in Princess Diaries. Did you see that one?
Yes, The Black Cat is a great one. I highly recommend it.
Ok. I love her. Did you know that she also wrote a book called Antibodies?
You're welcome
That the team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, I heard they were drafted to the Eagles.
I didn't know that. I do know that Russell Crowe is their coach. Do you like him?
I didn't know that. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another good one is The Blood of Olympus.
I am not much into sports. I do know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They played again in Super Bowl XXIV. Are you a fan of the Titans?
I would say I've been a fan since I've seen Super Bowl XXVIII. Are you a Titans fan?
Sure, I can tell you that he wrote the epic film Troy, which is considered a historical fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen the X-Men series, that is one of my favorites. Then I highly recommend it.
Sure, I am happy to help. Enjoy the film!
Sure, I can enjoy it. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I like it a great Sci-Fi movie. Did you know that they also starred Robert Downey Jr.?
Then you might like Return of the Jedi or X-Men 2.
It's a good one! It stars Charlize Theron and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
She's great, isn't she? I think you'll enjoy her movies!
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was in that TV show and it was directed by Scott Cooper. Do you like his work?
Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson. The Sun also starred Michael Goughlin.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author. Do you like his books?
No, it was written for a teenager, but it does look like it's a lot of appealing to you.
He's a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
Great. I liked Wildcats. And Rudy was written by the Giant Peach.
He was in Couples Retreat. I think I've seen that one. I've heard it was very funny.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great adventure movie, as well as Avatar 2 and Guardians of the Galaxy. Is that of interest?
Tommy Lee Jones also stars in the Science Fiction movie War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one? It is an action movie too.
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak, along with Tom Hardy.
Enjoy!
I do, it was written by Eric Brass and starred Tom Berenger. I haven't seen it yet. Is that a film you like to watch?
William Scott starred in Wreck-it Ralph
Great, some thrillers are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leanard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek III: The Voyage Home is a Science Fiction movie. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Voyage Home starred Evan Daugherty, Ricky Gervais, and Hugh Jackman to name a few. Would you like to know more about The Voyage Home?
You're welcome.
OK, have a nice day!
Inside Man is a Thriller, crime fiction, drama, and a thriller. Are you interested in any of those?
The Golden Compass is a good one if you haven't seen it yet.
You're welcome!
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know much about football, I guess I heard he's a good player. What sport do you enjoy?
He was born in Spain when he lost to Rafael Nadal. He was also the highest paid on his national team.
The only thing I really know about them is the coach is Jason Kidd.
I am not sure but he is also a member of the Chicago Bears.
Yes, he did. I am a fan of the Milwaukee Bucks.
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey and Jesse Vint. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale and many more. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Yes, I have watched Wild at Heart. Did you know that it was produced by Leonardo DiCaprio?
Calvin Harris is a scottish drummer, do you follow him
Rita Ora is also a model and a dance pop artist. She recently signed a song called Rainbow.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Adam Brown was in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
Then you will probably like All of the Hobbit movies.
Is there any other recommendation I have for you?
Certainly! You are welcome.
OK. Have a great day
James Harden is a shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he's definitely a good shooting guard for Houston. Do you like basketball?
That's right, he's alright. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Harrison Ford and Shia LaBeouf starred in it. Are you interested in Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Sure, you might like World War Z, or Wing Commander?
Sure, The Legend of Hercules, The Return of the King, The Last Dragon
Don't mention it
Crescendo is a book written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1995.
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
It sure is, I hope you enjoy reading them!
Sure, The maze Runner is a science fiction book, do you like that genre?
The Scort Runner is starring Rosa Salazar and Lili Taylor.
OK, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Good Doctor and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of those?
The Prince of Persia is a Romance and Historical period drama, as well as The Walking Dead, have you seen either of these?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a highly recommended movie and you should definitely check out The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also starred in Why Did I Get Married, which is a drama film
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his work or more in the Romance genre?
Yes, it was. He was a great author. One of his books is Message in a Bottle. Is that something you'd like to read?
The author was Message in a Bottle was published in bottle. It's somewhat similar to The Notebook.
Jim Carrey was the author of Message in the BFG.
Yes, that is correct. Charles Dickens was the author of this book.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure! It was written by Rick Riordan and it is a Young-adult fiction.
It's a book that is written in English, by Mark Cotta Vaz. It was released in 2007.
You are welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author, Nicholas Sparks?
Chris Bigsby is a Speculative fiction author. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote the Crucible, it's a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, he also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read any of those?
Sure! You may also like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you read those?
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Not sure. They're a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They're not doing well this year, but they have a good chance. Did they win Super Bowl XLVII?
Lolita wrote some popular books, like The Eight & Matched. Are you familiar with these?
It is a thriller that was released in 1996
Great, I think you will like it
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, I have. I like his friends with Selena Gomez who also starred in Shrek the Third
Yes, Jessica Biel had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it was very funny. Southland Tales was a great comedy with Justin Timberlake. Do you like them?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them, which is another book you might enjoy.
Of course, if you like autobiographies you might enjoy The Going-To-Bed Book or The Golden Compass. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it was released in 1995. Frank McCourt also wrote Teacher Man, and Tis: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Parts One and Two.
I'm not sure but I can tell you the original language is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't show the book in English.
I'm sorry, I don't. Would you like to add it to your list?
No problem. Glad to help.
I sure do! Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi or horror films?
Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't follow football so I don't know him
Me either. I like Basketball a lot. James Harden is a great player.
I've watched a few times that I've watched. Thanks for the recommendation.
I'm not on American TV. I've been watching some shows like Hoosiers. Have you seen it?
Yes, you should watch The New York Yankees.
Inception starring Tom Hardy, Michael Gaston, Tom Berenger and brilliant Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in the movie?
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Enigma was released in 1985 and was a film adaptation, directed by David Fincher.
Added. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Absolutely! He also directed the hit movie This Is Spinal Tap, which was also written by Robert Reiner.
His Produced The Thriller, The Mark of Athena, and The Men in Black 3. Have you seen any of those?
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
They both seem to be fiction.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I agree, she has a great voice. Did she star in the movie Spring Breakers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a romance and a drama.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a comedy?
I didn't think they did. The Red Sox beat them last year at least one game.
Not so much, but I did hear that they were runner ups in the 1986 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Well, the Red Sox are part of the National League East division. I am not sure, but the Red Sox are part of the National League East division.
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
He won the 2007 PGA Championship, still competing at a high level today!
That's true. He had a good career. Do you follow any other sports?
Sure, The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in the thriller Murt Locker.
It was written by Emily Bront and starred Jeremy Renner, do you like Thrillers?
Sure thing. Happy viewing!
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No they moved to Arizona from New York.
yes I do like college football. do you follow any other teams?
I don't know alot about him. Is he a football/soccer player?
I didn't know that, I heard he's good. Who is your favorite player?
I'm more of a football fan. I don't really watch it. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read it or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson and is a shock rock. You like his work?
Yes, it is a Thriller and was released in 2012.
Ok, it was written by James Dashner. It's also a Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon and Christopher Hampton. It's a great movie, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have anything to offer you, however, I can tell you about Apocalypse Now. Have you seen this one?
If you liked that one then you might enjoy The Wolf of Wall Street. It's good to read.
Sure, he starred in Jurrasic Park and Surviving Picasso.
Ok, if you like that one, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, starring Kyla Pratt.
Both Zombieland and Ryan Gosling are in it, as well as Zombieland.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like books written by Lisa See and the Secret Fan because it's an adventure film?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical fiction novel.
It was great. I'm sure you will enjoy it! Have you heard of it?
I didn't know that, but I know that Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player, have you heard of him?
No, I don't think so.
Yes, that was the same.
I agree. Romeo and Juliet is considered one of my favorite Romeo and Juliet's works.
Yes, she is a good play. You should try A Midsummer Night's Dream by Shakespeare
Sense and Sensibility is a book similar to Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's great, did you know he starred in Desperado?
I think I've seen her in a movie called Beloved. Did she star in that movie?
Did you know that Takashi Shimura starred in this movie?
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
Scarlett Johansson also starred in The Aviator. She is great in that film!
Not that I can tell, sorry. Anything else I can help you with right now?
Yea! That was a great one!
Sure, he directed Old School, which is a drama film. He also directed Lost in Translation. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is also in it. Do you like her dramas?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
The Swan Thieves is a young adult novel like The Historian
The Historian is a drama and a suspense. Do you like those kinds of films?
Absolutely, I hope you enjoy!
Yes. He is a golfer from South Africa.
yes i love the sport. i watch. i also like tennis. do you like any other sports?
so do i. are you a big tennis fan?
I like Basketball and Football. What's your favorite team?
i have ever been to a professional boxing game, but I've never been to a professional boxing game before.
i like juventus. have a good day
I think they're a good team. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XLIV?
The Georgia Dome plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Who is your favorite Patriots team?
Of course! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm sorry, I do not but it was released in 1958.
The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. Is that a book you'd like to read?
He starred in Vulgar
Vulgar is a Science Fiction Film starring Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also starred in Clerks II. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
Yes. William Lee Scott also starred in The Magic Pebbles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that they work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music, Universal Music, and Republic Records.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow who had some troubled youth and was surprised if that's his latest album.
Yes, it's considered a country music and that's why I don't like his music.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Of course! Do you have a favorite Patriots player?
Oh yeah, I thought it was a one of their best players.
Oh, I see. I am not a big fan of football either.
Oh wow, he's awesome! What a talented man!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda. Do you like Horror films?
He also directed the Shining.
That movie is a drama. Do you enjoy watching drama?
You are very welcome!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2001. It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes. The Tales of Peter Rabbit has a genre of Historical Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or you like the author?
He also wrote The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
That's a sci-fi adventure film directed by David Reynolds. Is that a genre you like to watch?
It is a romantic comedy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. It was released in 2000 and was directed by David Sorkin.
Alice In Wonderland was written by Tim Burton as well as Alice in Wonderland.
Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you today?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is starring Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i answer for you?
Then you might enjoy The Incredibles. It was written by John Logan.
Zooey Deschanel and John Ratzenberger also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I'm a fan, I don't know it. I really like it. It's a great sport. Do you follow it?
I don't watch much football but my favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I do. Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I haven't heard that song too, is it good? She's a great vocalist. Do you like her?
I'm not a fan of the music but I think I've heard she's really good as a judge on The Voice. Did you see her in the movie?
I would prefer heavy metal and rock, but metal and rock sounds better.
Hot Fuzz is an animated film starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in a specific actor that starred in either?
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter, and stars Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins, and James Coburn. It's a thriller, but is considered a psychological thriller.
Sure, it stars Robin Williams, Rosario Dawson, and Nicole Kidman
Glad to help
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
That's true. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
No, I never played golf before. Do you play golf?
Serenity was written by Joss Whedon, who also wrote The Cabin in the Woods
You're welcome. Tamara Taylor also stars in This is the End, which is a drama film.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
It's both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. I'm not sure if it's scary. Tamara Taylor also stars in this movie, but it's also a film called Badminton.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Michael Gondy is an actor that starred in movies like The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Gangster Squad. Are you familiar with either?
Robert De Niro was in that movie as well along with Quinton Aaron.
I do, Adam Levine is an amazing vocalists and Maroon 5 musicians are tight.
I like some of their music. I like Adam Levine and Maroon 5 musicians. Do you like them?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
Are you a fan of Thrillers?
That's good. Exactly!
He played on the Argentina national football team, the Brazil national team
I'm not a big Manchester fan, I only know about the Argentine national team. I prefer American football.
I am not familiar with Pellegrini, I know he's one of the best in the world. Did you know he was born in Argentina?
Sure, Shrek was written by Mike Myers and he also wrote Monsters, Inc, and Monsters Inc.
Sure, are you interested in other movies by David Schneider or just movies in general?
Rob Riggle and Dax Flame are two of the leading actors in that movie.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Lea Thompson was in it. I am not sure who starred in it. I do know that it is a thriller.
Lea Thompson was in it. I am not sure who starred in it. Is that a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
She also wrote Silence
Hush hush is actually a fantasy book, I believe it's more of a fantasy
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but you know it was written by Roger Avary
He also wrote X-Men 2 and Vanilla Sky
Zoey Deutch and David Silverman both starred in it.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
Well, from what I've heard, it was released in 2005. It is a drama/mystery. Are you a fan of this genre?
Yes, Rango is considered an action film, as well as a thriller. Do you like action films?
Your welcome! Have a wonderful day!
Sure, do you like 21 Jump street because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Ride Along has a genre of Adventure and Action. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could lead you in the movie.
I'm not sure about the new blockbuster movie, but I can recommend another great comedy movie, The Legend of Hercules.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction.
Me either. The Tale of the Body Thief is a young-adult fiction book. I would suggest reading one of these kinds of books.
I'm sorry, I don't know anything about The Vampire Chronicles. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
It was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
She wrote Mansfield Park and was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Mansfield Park is considered a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Mansfield Park is considered a Romance and Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I believe that it's a Mystery to be honest. Did you know that Claire Lamont starred in this film?
Definitely! Do you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express?
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Do you like either of those?
Interestingly enough, it's considered a historical drama and a science fiction film. Is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure. It's a fantasy thriller and was released in 2002. Is that something you'd like to watch?
You might enjoy La Chartreuse de Parme. It was released in 2003.
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Aren't those good?
Yes, he is. I love his work. He was in Hacksaw Ridge, which is one of my favorite songs.
He's with Warner Music Group and used to be in relationship with Chris Martin as the voice.
Great choice, Marlon Brando has been in a few movies. I would recommend The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He acted in a Drama, Thriller, Suicide Squad and The Young Lions.
I'd love to watch that. Viva Zapata is a drama, but I don't have the Young Lions. Are you interested in watching it?
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan
Yes, He won the NBA All-Rookie Team in 2012
Nice chatting with you
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was the original tale.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Sebastian Schipper. Have you seen either of those?
Sam Anderson was in that film as well along with Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was in that as well as The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie
You're welcome.
Drinking Ice is a good one, it was released in 2002.
It's an interesting movie that was released in 2002. Would you like to watch it?
He's a well-known actor. He starred in The Virgin Suicides, The Half Blood Prince and The Huntsman: Winter's War.
Ok. I will send it to you.
yes Gabourey Sidibe was in it. I think you will like it.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Sure, I would recommend Fast Five. It's a comedy and fantasy movie.
The Fighter and Knight of Cups are some adventure movies. Have you seen them?
It is a blockbuster and a film as well. It was released in 2012.
It is a good one. Hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
The Blue Castle came out in 1960. It's considered a drama/mystery.
The Blue Castle came out in 1926. The sequel to that is L.M. Montgomery that also came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen either of those?
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it's an excellent movie.
Robin Williams, and Bill Cobbs were also in it. It's a great comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It is a great movie. Did you know it was released in 2002?
Would you like to hear about other horror movies with Peter Jackson?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a musician but I don't know much of his music, is he from Paris?
Yes he is a good songwriter. Did you know he is from France?
I like Young Jeezy Yolanda Adams and Yo-Yo Ma. What do you think of them?
Definitely. Michael Jackson is very talented. He has a wonderful voice. He's married to Snoop Dogg.
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure it's a Thriller and it was released in 2012
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
you are very welcome have a great day
Sure, it is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
2012 was an amazing year for movies.
yes, the previews was a great movie and it was a very interesting movie.
You are welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football team. I don't know if he is.
Yes that's right, they were runner ups in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I do like American football. Do you have a favorite team?
I see, I'm not into American Football so I've never heard of Ryan Griggs.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I have heard of him he's a good athlete. Have you seen him play?
It's a drama and a mystery. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, he did and produced it too. He was also in The Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Shinning. Are you a fan of hers?
I do not have that information but did you know she was born in Saginaw?
Yes, he is from the United States.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. Have you seen those?
It is a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a Science Fiction novel.
You're welcome.
I think she sung Give Your Heart a Break and Why Don't You Love Me. Have you heard of those songs?
Yes, he did. Didn't Tom Hanks star in that movie?
I didn't know that. I think Ashton Kutcher was in it as well. Do you like his acting?
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is a fiction novel. Under the Never Sky and Unbreakable are a couple of good fiction books.
Sure, it was written by Charlize Theron and released in 1991. It's a mystery/speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film
Starring Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football much, but I do know they were coached by Mike Zimmer.
Well, I'm not sure of any other teams to watch. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, the Steelers were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is another thriller by Christopher McQuarrie.
I have not seen that movie, is it a thriller?
I do like hip hop. Did you know it was written by Michelle Pfeiffer?
I like rock too. I am a big fan of their music. I think I do like alternative rock though.
Didn't he star in that movie?
Yes, it was written by John Green and released in 2012. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
You are welcome!
That's a great Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Olivia Wilde had a big role in that movie, too along with Jeff Bridges
That is a great movie, one of my favorite actors
You're welcome have a great day
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man
It's considered a baseball, but if I'm not a fan of soccer, I guess. The Dodgers are a popular team in the American Football Conference.
I'm sure you would love to visit some of the films, especially if you're a fan.
No problem, enjoy!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2015 with Channing Tatum.
You are welcome.
Are you talking about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, because it is part of the Oz books?
She has a wonderful voice. She's very talented. I like her song Give Your Heart a Break.
Yes, she was a great voice actor. She starred in one of my favorite movies Where the Wild Things Are. She's also in that one.
Yes she is. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, she was one of her most recent songs. Did you know she was on the other show as well?
Hope you enjoy it. Have a great day!
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 2002. It's a great movie also starring Nicholas Cage.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like her movies?
Yes, it was also a funny movie. You should check it out!
Yes, he plays football/soccer. He plays both positions that he plays for.
Yes, I am a fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
He plays midfielder
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Matrix Revolutions are both fantasy and sci-fi movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It has a great cast, Tim Allen, Randy Quaid, Rachel Weisz and many more. Do you like their movies?
It is. You should check it out, it's very good, if you haven't seen it.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. are great films!
I'm not sure but I can tell you that it was directed by Kinji Fukasaku. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't show any other films in the series, but I do see that The Sky Crawlers came out in 2005.
I am not sure. Do you like any other horror films?
Sure. You got it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Secret Life of Bees is also a fantasy film, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan of hers. I haven't heard any of her music before. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't heard it, but I heard it's a good one if I listen to it's kind of electronic dance music. How about you?
I didn't know she's from Nashville. I think I'll watch it again, too.
He has also written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Are you interested in Crime Fiction?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell, along with Utterly Cold Blooded. It was released in 1951.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred William Hurt and Ty Burrell. It is considered a comedy drama, do you like comedies?
I know that he was in the NBA All-Rookie Team and won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year Award.
Sure! SteveJobs is an American actor, director, and producer. He starred in the movies The Dictator, and Monsters Inc. Have you seen those?
It's a Romance and Comedy. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He's an amazing actor. He was in The Lost Symbol and The River King. Have you seen either of those?
Guy Kawasaki also wrote The Art of Loving as well.
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth are two that I would recommend.
The Ugly Truth Now is a book he wrote, directed and written This Is the End
It was released in 1987
your welcome
I don't think he's a good basketball player but I think he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
I don't know if I've followed him but I heard he's very good at what he's with. I don't know if I'm unfamiliar with him.
I've heard of it before, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for letting me know!
I don't know a lot about them, but I do know they were the runner-up in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a fan?
Do you know if they are in the National League East?
I like the Red Sox, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, you are right and they are runner ups for the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final right?
Oh, I see. I'm more of a Philadelphia Phillies fan, but I'm more of an American Football fan.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's also a fantasy movie, Stephen Sommers was in it as well.
The Mummy Returns stars Jack Nicholson, who also starred in The Scorpion King and The Legend of Hercules. You should definitely see them!
I'm not sure, but The Hills Have Eyes is also a fantasy movie as well. I'm sure you will love it.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
I don't know any other films she starred in, but I do know that Shirley Henderson also starred in The Good Doctor with Mary Steenburgen. Do you like her?
Great choice, it also stars Robert De Niro, who also starred in The Watchmen. Would you like to see it?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Bruce Willis. Would you like to know more about it or something else?
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a sequel of the original trilogy of Pound of Flesh.
You're welcome.
Sure can! He wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
I would recommend Xenocide, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
I'm not sure, but it is written by Melissa Marr.
Pretty Little Liars is part of the series and is also part of a series. I think you would enjoy them too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Of course! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Queen's Fool.
It's a drama. It similar to For Whom the Bell Tolls.
Winter's Tale and The Things We Do for Love are also popular romance.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really like them. I know they were runner up for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Not really, I think I've heard that it's a very good game. I'm not a super bowl fan. I'm more of a Red Sox fan. What's your opinion?
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. I guess she's good if she's in the wife, too.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you interested in his movies?
It was a great movie. Peter Pan also starred in it.
I'm not sure. I'm sorry I don't
Okay. Have fun!
Sure, I do. Is it the Sci-Fi movie you interested in or the Adventure?
The Incredibles is also a great Sci-fi movie, as well as Avatar and True Grit.
It is a great movie with the same name, Jack Nicholson, Ralph Fiennes, and Jack Nicholson all starred in it.
I am not sure what else he directed, but did you know he also directed Fifty Shades of Grey?
I think Katy Perry is great, I like her song Hot n Cold. Are you a fan of hers?
That's right, I didn't know that. It's a comedy-drama.
Yes, Russel Brandt was in that movie, right? I'm not sure if he was in that.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what about you?
I like him, too! He's a great actor! He's such a great actor! He was also in Tangled and Violets Are Blue. You like thrillers?
He was great in that movie! He was very funny in that movie!
I know it was written by Anne McCaffrey and starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. It's a drama and crime fiction film, do you like those genres?
Sure. He also starred in Wilde Salome, Two for the Money and The Good Doctor
I do recommend The Guardian Brothers. It is a great one starring Vince Vaughn
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, and Fantasy.
The most popular one is: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, and Leslie Bibb.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in the Road to El Dorado, which is a science fiction film. He also wrote Tragicomedy.
No, the Scarlet Letter was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn and stars Justin Timberlake. Are you interested in him?
Yes, he was. He was a writer and an Actor.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I love that movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, I can recommend The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. The Maze Runner is a good one.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all Fiction books.
Sure, Ship of Magic is a Fiction Novel by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, oscar Wilde wrote The picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Other examples are Z for Zachariah and Wyrd Sisters. You might enjoy those.
It came out in 1987, the same year as The Queen's Fool.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, I like it. It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might try The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, Throne of Glass was released in 2014. Sarah also wrote The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
There's The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows
You are welcome!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
Mark Boal wrote The Hurt Locker, but he also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Yeah, she was in Monsters vs. Aliens, She's also in Date Night.
I think he is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Me either, I think Shakira is from Columbian. She plays midfielder and forward.
Do you like a Thriller or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I am a fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know a whole lot, i know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
I'm a Paul Pogba fan, but I don't follow the sport much. How about you?
I'm a huge fan of soccer, but I don't really follow other sports. I do like football. What about you?
Yeah, I didn't know that. I think Alex Ferguson was a great coach. Did you know that?
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. DO you want books similar to this one?
He also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released that year
thank you for the recommendation
I love Pacific RIm! It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a fantasy adventure film. Do you like the adventure aspect of it?
Yes, Charlie and the Choovaliers is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
He was in the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and At the Water's End. Have you seen those?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It's a Drama released in 1975.
Sure, Milo Forman directed directed and starred in The Muppets! Have you seen that one?
He also directed The Spirit starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen that one?
Sure! The Tempest, The Rules of Attraction, and The Rules of Attraction are some of his notable works.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote Winter's Tale, which is one of my favorites.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Did you know that there's a movie adaptation of it?
No problem, enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That's true. Did you know that Tambourine McPhee was a film producer?
Yes, he is. Do you like his music?
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Wow, I didn't know that. What other sports do you like?
Yes, I believe he was. He is a basketball player as well.
Did you enjoy The Island because it was starring Tom Everett or because it was a Mystery?
The War of the Worlds is a sci-fi adventure film, as well as the Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Well, it's a movie with Moby Dick in it. It's considered a sci-fi thriller.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Harsh Times, it's an action movie that I like. Have you seen it?
Yes it was, he was also in a great film
Batman was directed by Christopher Nolan and he also directed The Prestige.
You're welcome.
I love that book! It was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
The Throne of Fire
youre welcome
He is a professional footballer player for Barcelona and is married to Sergio Aguero.
Yes, I do. Football is a great sport to play. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
He wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, it was in the English language.
Waiting for the Barbarians was made into a movie not too good.
thank you for letting me know.
I think they are a great basketball team, did you know Leslie Alexander is also a player?
I like basketball. I watch a lot about basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
I don't know much about their team but I do know they play in the 1990s.
I see he wrote Candide.
I don't have that information but Candide is a musical theater and it was released in 1726.
I highly recommend The Tragedy of King Richard the Third and The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. They are both satire.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another great one by the same author, and it's a great example of Speculative fiction.
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him except that he plays football right?
Yes, he plays for the Liverpool team, and he plays the forward position.
That's where the Green Bay Packers play.
That's a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. You like soccer?
I believe he played for the Barcelona national team. I don't follow international sports. Do you like football?
I grew up watching the Seattle Seahawks. Can you tell me more about football?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
Some other fantasy books you might enjoy are The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and the Harry Potter series.
Sure, you may also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994 and is in the genre Drama. Would you like to hear about that?
John Travolta was also in Zombieland.
Sure. Bringing it up now.
Yes, I do. He is a soccer player for Real Madrid C.F. and he plays forward position. Do you like soccer?
It is considered a historical fiction.
Not that I know of but Marina was released in 2005.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
The Spanish version was written in 2005.
No problem
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. But I know they won the World Series in 2012.
They have a good season, but they're still a good team. Are you a fan of theirs?
Yes. The Mets are part of the National Football League East, along with Wilpon and Tim Foli.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
Yes, he was a quaterback for the Seattle Seahawks. He's a pretty good quarterback.
Oh yes, Liam Neeson is my favorite. What team is yours?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys. It was released in 1997.
Yes, I like her. She wrote The Phantom Menace, which is a children's book. Do you like her?
Trace is known for her book The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which was released in 1850.
The movie Gone, Baby, Gone is written by John Lennon
Yes he is, I'm a huge fan of crime fiction. Is that a genre you prefer?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891, the same year The Return of the Native was released.
The Return of the Native is a Non-Believer novel. Do you like Non-Fiction?
Apparently, he starred in She Hate Me. I loved that movie! Have you seen it?
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Esposito also starred in it. The film was really good.
Hope you enjoy them, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Anne Hathaway also stars in it. It's a musical, but I don't know her. Do you like musicals?
Yes, I believe it is. Do you like French films?
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy the movie!
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I think that's cool. What's your favorite sport?
I'm not sure, but I know Rory Mcllroy was from Northern Ireland. That's a beautiful country with beautiful landscaping.
Yup, I love their music. They are from Northern Ireland, too.
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in Tron: Legacy and he also starred in Zombieland.
It is a science fiction action movie. Do you like action movies?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might also like Shark Night or xXx: State of the Union.
Okay, let me know if you need anything else!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Great, I think you will like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
The Neon Demon stars in a thriller called Shark Night, which is also a horror film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years. Are any of those good songs?
Wow! I didn't know that. I think he's one of the most famous singers ever.
Eli Manning is my favorite. I think he's some of my favorite artists.
Definitely! It's new! Aside from being a great pianist, she's also been in Revolutionary Road , another great one!
The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon. It's part of the Outlander literary series.
Sure, Fiery Cross was written by Lauren Oliver, she also wrote a book called Inheritance Cycle.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro, and A Memory of Light. These might interest you.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which it was hilarious. Do you like comedy?
Do you like the Hangover Part II?
Old School is a comedy. Enjoy
Sure. Kyla Pratt is a great player, do you like to watch basketball?
Yes it is a great movie written by Luc Besson
I have not read that one but I have heard of it. It is a great Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did. Winter Garden was released in 2012. I hope you enjoy it!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote II Principe, which was released in 1513. Would you like to know more?
He wrote the book in Spanish. It is in English.
I will have to read it myself. Thanks for all the information.
There are so many to choose from but a good place to start is the 1800s
Up was written by Terry Pratchett, and it's a young adult fiction movie.
She has also written The Journey to the Center of the Earth. Have you seen it?
It is an action adventure movie
You might like White House Down which is a Family Movie
You're Welcome
Steve McQueen is one of them. Do you like him?
Stanley Kubrick was the runner up
I can tell you that Tom Hardaway was the coach of that team as well
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is very good
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 1961. It's considered young adult fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie to Fight Club.
That movie is a crime fiction film, similar to Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I believe it was produced by Roberto Orci
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Doesn't that interest you?
Do you know anything about the Browns? Randy Lerner is an American businessman and founded the National Football League as a member of the NFL.
That's interesting. It's been a while since I've followed them for a while.
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't have that information but I can tell you he wrote another movie he wrote called First Descent
I am not sure but i know it was released in 2005
He also wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir and was released in 1997.
I believe it's a combination of Thriller and was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote Memoir. Do you like the book?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I can. Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie starring Kevin Dunn. Kevin Dunn starred in it
Predators was directed by Steven Spielberg, he also wrote Aeon Flux and Zombieland
Captain America: Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have any information about Insurgent, but I can tell you it was directed by Veronica Roth.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes I love the book, Where the Heart Is. It was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Another drama book you may like is The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
He also wrote The Crucible, Man on Wire
You're welcome
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Are you interested in any other movies she starred in?
Yes, it is! Sex also starred in The Handmaids Tale, which is a great movie!
Yes! She was in Tootsie, which is a great film!
He was in many films, including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Mask, and The Nanny Diaries.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, he starred in Scarface, which is a thriller. He also starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige.
Sure thing! Do you like science fiction movies?
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like their work?
I am not sure, but Unbreakable was released in 2014.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy
I do! He's a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like football and football. What's your favorite team?
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about him but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl XXVIII.
Did you know the Seahawks lost to the Pats today?
Did you know the Patriots are part of the NFL as well?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction piece written by James Dashner. Are you interested in science fiction or science fiction books?
If you liked Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are great Sci-Fi books.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is one of my favorites. You should give it a try.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and it is genre fiction. Are you interested in reading it?
That's a great book. Did you know it was released in 1960?
Kung Fu Panda is a great book I think you would like it
You're welcome
They are a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
Well, I have heard of this team, it's a German football team, but I don't know who is in it. What sport do you like?
I think he also plays for FC Bayern Munich, right?
Sure, do you like this book because it is a Thriller/Crime Fiction?
Sure, Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes, it was. It was made into a series by Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome!
Zooey Deschanel starred in Inside Out. It's a crime fiction movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
She also was in Wreck-It Ralph
It's considered a comedy-drama. It's very funny.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Great, have a good day!
Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
She sure did. She also starred in a tv show called Women. Have you seen it?
She has starred in such movies as The Hero, She's the Man, and The Five Love Languages.
My apologies, he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]. Have you seen it?
Sure, he directed A Beautiful Mind, which was a really good movie. I highly recommend that.
He was in the movie The Bodyguard, which was a drama as well.
Well, he starred in the movie Vampire Academy, it's an animated film.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
He also starred in Troy, which is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller, written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box as well. Do you like his movies?
The Box is considered a Thriller. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It was also released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
The Throne of Glass is written by James Patterson. It is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Throne of Dawn is a Fantasy. Would you like some other recommendations?
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade, The Phantom of the Opera and The Fall Of the House.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If you like thrillers, you might try This Lullaby or Shark Night.
It's a romance/drama that was released in 1997. If you like romance movies, this is also a great movie!
Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It is a drama. Do you like that type of book?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like Sandra Bullock? She stars in this movie.
She was in a lot of movies, including The Proposal, which was written by Sandra Bullock.
All About Steve has the genre of Thriller, Drama, Comedy, and Action.
Hope you enjoy it
Yes, I like Paper Towns. Did you know that it was written by John Green?
He also wrote Will Grayson, the Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Would you like to hear more titles like this one?
Sure, it's genre is young adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Outlander was written by James Dashner. He also wrote Toy Story and The Snakes of Oz.
It was released in 2010.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell
She did write the Memoirs of the Traveling Pants, another great one.
They are both romance and drama
Your welcome
Yes, Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the film. Do you like science fiction movies?
There's Wreck-it Ralph Breaks the Internet. It's one of my favorite family movies.
Not much, but I do know that she's romantically in love with Rory McIIroy
Did you know Sarena was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics? I loved her in the Olympics.
I'm pretty sure it's a comedy. Would you like me to recommend you watch it?
Sure! He starred in Man of Steel, Dawn of the Dead, and Watchmen. Have you seen any of those?
Sucker Punch is starring Denis O'Hare, Russell Crowe, and Russell Crowe to name a few. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, it is a comedy, but a similar movie to The Watchmen is Nothing to Lose
You might like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it's more of a thriller and Fantasy.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, or Z for Zachariah.
It is a part of the Gemma Bray series. It is part of the Gemma Bray series.
Sure, you might try Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, or Z for Zachariah.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Keanu Reeves starred in the movie. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the Denver Broncos. They're coached by Mike McCarthy.
Case Keenum was with the Denver Broncos, but he is a defensive back. Do you like any other teams?
James Harden. Do you know their current coach is Wayne Routledge?
What sport do you like?
Did you know he was a basketball player?
I believe he plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but did you know Andrés Iniesta was born in Spain?
Yep! It's at home stadium in the United States.
That's a great book by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it is part of the series? The next book in the series is A Wind in the Door.
It is also a Speculative Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Great. Zoe's Tale is another science fiction book that is similar to A Wind in the Door.
Yes it was, it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I'm not really a fan. I like his new stuff like Don't Go Breaking My Heart. What about you?
One of my favorites is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. That's a good one!
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Sure! You might enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a 1946 American fantasy novel and fantasy novel with fantasy genres. Is that one of your interest?
You're welcome. Would you like to know more about the book?
Great, I bet you will like the book!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a popular team in the U.S. I think. They are a runner ups to many Super Bowls.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Zulu is starring Tyler Mane and Anthony Hopkins. Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
Enjoy!
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
I have never read them, but it sounds like a good read!
It was released in 2007. Another good one for you is The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
It's a young-adult fiction book released in 1595. Do you like that genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
It was released in 1817.
Ok, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
I would recommend The Mechanic which is also starring Tilda Swinton.
I don't have that information, but it was written by John Lennon and is considered to be one of the best mystery films in my opinion.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
