Do you like action movies?
RED was a great movie! Both were written by Scott Westerfeld, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises, and The Dark Knight Rises.
RED was written by John Green and released in 2012. I'm sure you'll really enjoy it!
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard was written by John Scalzi and stars Keanu Reeves.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you like that genre?
She is a cartoonist. Do you like cartoonists?
You're welcome
I know that there's Something About Mary stars Russell Crowe and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's a great movie.
She has starred in a lot of movies. She's been in a number of movies including There's Something About Mary, Angels & Demons and a few more.
I don't have that information. However I do know she also starred in There's Something About Mary.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the novel?
no i am not sure. have you read anything by Sarah Dessen?
no i am not sure about that. are you a fan of this genre?
thank you for the information.
Well, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Guard is considered Crime Fiction and Drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
The Guard is starring Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle. It's a comedy as well as crime fiction.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I know a little, he plays cricket and is from India. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I don't know any other players on the team. Are you a fan?
Mike Newell directed Zero Dark Thirty, The Sandman, and The Wedding Date. Have you seen any of those?
Pushing Tin was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like her work?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, anything else I can help with?
I think he's a great basketball player but I don't really follow him. What about you?
I don't know much about him. I think he is a good basketball player though. I think he is from the United States.
I like basketball. My favorite sport is the Rockets. What is your favorite sport?
I see. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know a lot about the sport. I prefer American Football.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller and was written by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, have a great day!
He was in a lot of movies. Some of them were; The Swan Thieves, The Return of the Native, and The Valley of Elah. Have you seen any of those?
He is in a romance film called When Bad Things Happen to Good People. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
The Game is a Thriller starring Harrison Ford. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Sean Penn is a great actor. He also starred in True Grit and To Kill a Mockingbird.
Sean Penn is a great actor. I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. Enjoy!
Sure! Enjoy!
I do not know of any other movies directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Are you interested in any of his other movies?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Keanu Reeves starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it is considered a Horror film, would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed The Hunt for Red October which is an action film. Do you like action movies?
The Hunted was released in 2002 and is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
The Devil is a horror movie starring Christian Bale. Would you like to know more about it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in other books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Other fiction books you might enjoy are Z for Zachariah, Wyrd Sisters, or The Time Machine.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. Are you a Dr. Seuss fan?
The clockwork princess is a great movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven stars Sean Connery. Do you like Sean Connery?
Morgan Freeman starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe stars in that as well.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games. Are you a fan of Science Fiction?
Yes, Josh Hutcherson starred in the Hunger Games Triology. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Madonna! She starred in What About Bob. Did you see that movie?
I don't know much about that, but I do like hip hop. She was in Valentine's Day, which is a great movie.
I don't see that, but I do see him listed as a director. He wrote Slapstick, a TV sitcom, and starred in it.
Isn't he a cricket player from India? I don't follow Cricket too closely.
Yes, he was also a Cricket player from India.
You are welcome!
Do you like Amy Poehler because she is a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell?
I recommend Mrs. Doubtfire. what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls is starring Amy Poehler. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written Into the Wild. what else can i answer for you today?
I don't know much about them. Are they a sports team?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson, and coached by Magic Johnson.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Margot Robbie. It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men Origins:Wackness. Do you like Romance?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
You are welcome
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Hugh Jackman also starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Correct. Mark Wahlberg is in Taken. He's a great actor.
Great! Enjoy!
I don't really follow them. But I do know that they are having a good season that they are not doing well.
I think Mike McCarthy has a knack for making the playoffs. I don't know if it's okay.
I agree, they're having a good season this year.
Iron Man was a great action movie. Do you like movies starring Robert Downey Jr.?
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, did you know that Tate Donovan starred in it?
George Clooney is a great actor. He also wrote The Young Sherlock Holmes. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Do you like the author Dean Koontz? He wrote The Time Machine.
Trunk Music was written by David Koepp. It was written by David Koepp.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a thriller.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like Robert Louis Stevenson?
Have you seen Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters?
Your welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he is a musician. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she is married to David Guetta, isn't she?
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that they were influenced by David Guetta, David Guetta, and David Guetta.
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Yes, it was. And it was written by Emily Griffin. Are you familiar with her work?
I like thrillers too. Emily Griffin also wrote The Hour I First Believed.
Great! I'm always happy to help.
hes a great actor! He starred in Knocked Up and The Skull. Have you seen either of those?
Groundhog Day was produced by Joss Whedon. Do you like Dramas?
Yes he did. He also starred in Step Brothers. Do you like that genre?
I don't know of any other films he directed, but he did write Groundhog Day. Did you see that one?
Groundhog Day is a comedy drama starring Channing Tatum. Would you like to watch it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he's a songwriter but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but he is a good songwriter
Yes, he is a great songwriter
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer
There's Something About Mary is a great book. Did you know there's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly?
I like that movie too. Did you know Peter Farrelly wrote There's Something About Mary?
I'm not sure about it but I know that Willie Garson is in it.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale, A Simple Tale, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Would you like to hear more about any of these?
Yes, she is a great author! Did you know Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989.
It is a drama.
You are welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it stars Brendan Fraser or because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Have you seen A Star is Born? That's a Korean movie.
Lady Vengeance has genre Thriller, Drama, and crime. Do you like these genres?
I don't know if she's in any other Thriller movies, but I can recommend some other Thriller movies.
Glad to help!
The Ice Storm is a great movie from Ang Lee.
He wrote The Ice Storm, The Skull, and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote The Incredibles. He also starred in The Incredibles.
She's a great actress. She starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
It is a Science Fiction novel. Do you like Science Fiction?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. It is a Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Yes it was! Jurassic Park is a great movie! I highly recommend it.
Correct! Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic Park III.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer born in Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler. He is a golfer right?
Haha, I'm not a huge golf fan but I do like golf too. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
You might like the Harry Potter series by J.R.R. Tolkien. It was also turned into a movie.
Yes, the Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Wes Craven starred in the movie Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Yes, My Soul to Take was a Horror Thriller, and was written by Kevin Spacey.
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Redgrave. Would you like to know more about it?
Have you seen Zombieland? That's a great sci-fi film.
If you like X-Men then you might also like Zombieland if you like X-Men movies.
He starred in Jurassic Park III. He also starred in Jurassic Park.
Surviving Picasso was born in Quentin Tarantino. He is from France.
Joss Ackland is a fantasy film. Do you want to know more about her?
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama.
Great. Have a great day.
He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yeah, that was a great movie. Did you know he was married to Gisele as well?
Yeah, it was a great movie. It was a comedy staring Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Emily Blunt in it too.
I do, it was written by John Grisham and starred Bruce Willis, Bruce Willis, and Tom Hardy.
He also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote the screenplay for the film.
Great! If you like Bruce Willis, you might also like Hudson Hawk. It's a great movie!
Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like movies by the same author or genre?
I don't have any suggestions for horror movies, but you might enjoy The Scarlatti Inheritance or The Passenger.
Bats was written by John Green and released in 2010. It's considered a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! David Lynch directed The Invisible Man, Blade Runner, and Blade Runner. Have you seen any of those?
You might also like Zombieland starring Chris Hemsworth. It's a great sci-fi.
Yes, he did. It's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. It's a great movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Chick. Have you seen either?
Repo Men was written by John Lennon.
Eric Garcia also wrote a movie called Repo Men. Would you like to hear about this one?
Brett Helquist wrote The Wide Window and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read either of those?
The End is a fantasy novel by Brett Helquist. Do you like fantasy novels?
I don't know much about her but I do know he is married to Anna Kendrick
I do, did you know he was romantic with Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Yes he does. He also starred in The Party Lover.
I haven't seen it, but I heard it was great. I really enjoyed him in the 90s. He was great in the 90s.
Ok, have a good day!
Yes, he was in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
If you like drama, you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a drama.
Windtalkers stars Charlize Theron and Peter Scolari to name a few. It's a drama.
Glad I could help.
I think he is a great football player, I think he is a good player
I don't play much football, I prefer American Football. How about you?
That's okay, but I'm a fan of the sport. It has a lot of thrill to watch!
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like the author or the genre?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was written by J.K. Rowling, have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were the runner up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure, but I do know they're coached by John Fox.
They're right! They're part of the AFC West. Is that what you're looking for?
I sure can! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Eoin Colfer and was released in 2008.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII was written by Allison Weir.
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's a good one. I like dance music more. Do you like Indie?
I don't know of any others, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like Indie films?
You're welcome.
Sure, she is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know of any basketball games. I do know they are part of the National Basketball League as well.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a fan of the Golden State Warriors.
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Batman Begins and Batman Begins.
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is. It was written in English.
Im not sure, but рестуление и накаание was released in 1866. It was written in English.
Glad I could help.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Oz Books. Have you read that?
Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by Diana Gabaldon? It's part of the Wizard of Oz.
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Golden Compass.
Glad to help!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
I don't know about that. I do know he is a German footballer.
Yes, he is a famous athlete from Germany. He is a musician as well.
I haven't seen it but heard it's a good movie. Do you like Romance films?
I have A Corn of Thorns and Roses in the Fantasy genre. Are you interested in this genre?
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Ground Beneath Her Feet. Have you read them?
I would also recommend 'The Tempest' which was also made into a movie.
You're welcome!
James Cameron wrote The Terminator, The Abyss, and The Abyss. He also directed Aliens.
That's correct. Kate Winslet stars in The Aviator and was written by James Cameron.
Titanic was released in 1999 and it also stars Leonardo DiCaprio
You are welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert. Are you a fan of romance novels?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series by Anne Tyler. Do you like romance novels?
It is considered a Romance and a Historical Novel.
I would recommend Suzanne Collins wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read that one?
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do like Venus and her sister Serena better.
Didn't they lose to Roger Federer?
That's right. Did you know she was born in London?
She is a professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, that's great. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
Sure! She wrote The Journal of Sylvia Day. Did you know she starred in this movie?
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like Romance?
I don't know about similar novels, but did you know that Sylvia Day was influenced by Stephen Sommers?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those yet?
I don't have any information on the genre but I can tell you that she wrote The Year of the Flood, which was released in 2002.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! If you like that genre, you'll like The Handmaid's Tale.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan?
The move Carlos has genre Thriller, is that what you're looking for?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Do you like that book because it was written by Kurt Wimmer or because it was a Fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi is an Iranian-American New York Times best selling author, known for The World Without End, is one of his most famous works
Yes, 2013 was the year that released Me. Anything else I can help you with?
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin. It was released in 2014 and is considered Children's Literature.
If you like Fantasy, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. The Hour I First Believed was released in 2011. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
They are classified as Romance and Fantasy.
Mark Forster is the main character in Neverland.
It was released in 2003 it is a Romance movie.
Sure.
You are welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace which is a good novel.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Great, enjoy the book!
The Waves is a book similar to Emma. Have you read it?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Yes. Shadow Kiss and The Dark Knight Rises are similar.
Lauren Willig wrote Wuthering Heights. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Sure! Did you like The Giver because it was written by Lois Lowry or because it was a dystopian fiction?
Okay, then you might also like Wildwood Dancing or The Hunt for Red October.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it is a thriller?
I don't know, but I can tell you that Straw Dogs is written by David Fincher.
Can I help you with anything else?
Similar movies to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
If you like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, you might also like The Tales of Beedle the Bar.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote "Red Riding Hood" which also starred Mindy Kaling. Have you read that one?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and was directed by Mindy Kaling. Are you interested in hearing about similar books?
I believe it is a crime fiction.
You are welcome!
Aylmer wrote мерт вана лиа.
Anna Karenina is a great author. She also wrote она аренина.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Cathereine Hardwicke is the author of The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read it?
The main stars in Red Riding Hood are Danny DeVito and Danny deVito.
I don't know what else she directed, but I do know about her.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position. Are you a football fan?
I know that he plays for Manchester United F.C. and is a midfielder.
Yes he is. He is a top boxer as well.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good movie. I like Locker because it's a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he was. He was also in the Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
I liked him in A Good Day to Die Hard and The Hour I First Believed. Have you seen them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she was in that movie as well. Did you know she also starred in A Love Story?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those yet?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered Speculative fiction. It's also considered Speculative fiction.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary. It was written by Frank Beddor.
Lewis Carroll also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen The Rum Diary?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Well, I'm glad I could help. I hope you enjoy it!
I have not either but I heard they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
David Platt is their current player
You're welcome, enjoy!
Lauren Oliver wrote X-Men Origins: Wolves of the Calla and The Bone Collector. Have you read either of those yet?
Lauren Oliver wrote X-Men 2. X-Men 2. X-Men 2 is a great read as well.
It is a Thriller and was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Mark Kamen wrote The Simpsons movie. He also wrote The Simpsons movie.
Yes, they are the same person. David Mirkin also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that he is an athlete that plays for the Kolkata Knight riders
Not really. I am more into speculative fiction though.
I didn't realize he was an author as well. He was a musician and an athlete.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd and Billy Boyd. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
He was also in The Good Doctor, The Good Doctor, and The Good Doctor. Have you seen any of those?
Great, check out The Good Doctor, it stars Orlando Bloom as well.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is a Young-adult fiction novel written by james Dashner.
It was written by Katherine Neville it is a mystery novel.
You should check it out. The Maze Runner is also young adult fiction.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries, have you read it?
Do you like Nanny Diaries because it is a comedy?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her books?
I don't see that, but I know he starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
He wrote the movie Grindhouse. Are you a fan of animation?
It's a thriller starring Shailene Woodley. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and a fashion designer as well. Did you see her in The Muppets?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is an action film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
The Dirty Dozen also starred Meryl Streep. Do you like her movies?
Sure, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd, Billy Boyd, and Billy Boyd.
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22 which is a thriller that Orlando Bloom starred in.
Yes, that is a great movie. Hope you enjoy!
I don't really follow tennis, but I do know that she has a relationship with Serena Williams.
Yes Serena has had quite a bit too much recognition. I think Serena is better than Venus and her sister Serena better.
Wasn't Serena also the owner of the Miami Dolphins?
I don't know much about him other than he is a Midfielder. I do know he is from Bogota.
I don't know that, but I do know he is a former soccer player.
I do like American Football. I prefer American Football.
I would recommend American Alone. It is written by John Hughes and genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Home Alone was written by John Hughes who also wrote The Alone. You might also like it as well.
The Breakfast Club was written by John Green, I am not sure of his other works.
Your welcome
I do! He's a great singer. Did you know he was born in Miami?
I didn't know that. I know he is in a relationship with Jordin Sparks, but I haven't heard much of his music. Is he a good artist?
I agree. I'm a huge fan of Selena Gomez.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also starred in the Green Mile, have you seen that?
You are welcome!
Are you looking for other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is fantasy?
It is. Lewis Carroll also wrote X-Men 2.
Yes, she wrote the book Through the Looking-Glass.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
I don't know that, but I know he was in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen that?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is that something you'd like?
No problem.
Yes! That is the fourth book in the Indiana Jones series. Have you read it?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one
Treasure Hunt is the first in the Indiana Jones series. is the next in the Indiana Jones series?
Rohit Sarma is an athlete, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians, do you like Cricket?
He is from India and plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he does. He is a Cricket player from India.
I am not sure what else he plays for, is he from India?
Yes, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
The Doors of Perception was published in 1987 and was written by Philip Pullman.
Yes, Jim Morrison got the band name. I don't know if I'm familiar with that one.
That book was written by Ian McEwan. Are you a fan of this author?
Christopher Hampton was a graphic novel writer. He wrote The City and the Stars. Have you read those?
The genre is Thriller and Mystery.
Without Remorse is a thriller and is considered crime fiction. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Are you interested in Sci-Fi or action movies?
The genre is Thriller
Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson starred in The Thirteenth Floor
That book was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She wrote the whole harry potter series.
Did you like The Help because it is a Romance or Drama?
Yes, it is. Did you know that The Rocker was directed by Mark Twain?
Yes! He was also in The Croods. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets too.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good. It was good. Bradley Cooper was in it, right?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and released in 2003.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like those types of movies?
The Client is starring John Grisham. He also wrote The Litigators, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
He is a football player, but his position is forward
He is a soccer player and he is a forward
I enjoy watching football but I also like the commercials
I like baseball too, what is your favorite team?
The Packer is a packer, but i don't follow the pack though
I don't know much about them except they're coached by David Platt. Are you a fan?
Isn't he a forward, right? I don't know about soccer either.
Exactly, I'll have to check them out the next season, thanks for the recommendation!
Did you like that book because it was a Romance or because it was a Romance?
It is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
You are welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like books by Jane Austen, or do you like the Romance genre?
It is written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Well, Daniel Defoe was influenced by Virginia Woolf. Would you like to know more about this author?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 1922.
You are welcome.
Yes, she was in that song. Did you know Call Me Maybe was also turned into a movie?
No, I didn't, but I remember that she was in Valentine's Day, have you seen that?
Well, I'm a fan of Pop music, didn't they star in that movie?
Yes, he wrote The Story of My Life. Have you seen it yet?
The Others stars Alejandro Amenábar and Henry James. It is an adventure movie.
You're welcome!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary that was released in 1856. Are you a fan?
It was written in 1856. Would you like to know more about that?
If you like that genre, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He was a very famous writer. He wrote The Return of the Native.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Madame Bovary is a romance novel.
It's a romance novel that was published in 1856.
If you like that genre, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, he wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
I don't know that information, but Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
I'm not sure what year it was released. But Joseph Conrad wrote A Simple Tale.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have No idea. Something Borrowed starring Cormac McCarthy is something you might like.
Kevin Cormac McCarthy is the author of the book. He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
It was released in 1974.
Glad I could help!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Well, he also wrote Jane Eyre. It's a romance novel. He also wrote The Merchant of Venice.
I am not sure, but Jane Eyre was also influenced by William Shakespeare. He was born in London.
Glad I could help.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai, who won the Nobel Peace Prize.
I don't know of any others, but I do know that Paulo Coelho was influenced by George Orwell.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Memoir and was released in 1985
I don't know that, but I do know that he was born in San Francisco.
I think he is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he was born in Boston?
I love sports. I am a basketball fan. What about you?
Yes, I like the Lakers as well. They are a good team.
O Alquimista was written by Lana Coelho and released in 1988. Are you familiar with her work?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist, which is in English.
Yes, I will add that as well.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells. It's a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
Throne of Glass and the Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Great, hope you like it!
Glad I could help!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Christian Bale. Do you like that one?
Yes, Dead Europe is a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Yes. It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like movies by Steven Spielberg?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence has genre Thriller have you seen it?
You are welcome have a great day
This is the End is a drama film starring Evan Goldberg. Are you a fan of Evan Goldberg?
It was a Psychological Thriller and was directed by James Franco.
Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton are in it. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like this movie because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
He wrote The Cold Mountain and The Way of Zenda. Do either of those interest you?
It is a romantic comedy that was released in 2014. Are you interested in this genre?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I think their head coach Gary Kubiak is the best coach in the NFC south.
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Did you know he also starred in the movie Jerry Jones?
Oh yeah, Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, are you interested in other movies by him?
It was produced by Steve Oedekerk, and stars Jeff Bridges.
It has a genre of Drama, Sci-Fi and was released in 1995
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like science fiction movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was directed by David Ayer.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
I don't have any information on the genre for The movie Magnolia. Would you like some other suggestions?
You're welcome!
Are you a Quentin Tarantino fan?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, and Grindhouse.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Tina Fey wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Do you like his movies?
Sure! Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Zoey Deutch, and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes! Cicely Tyson also starred in Scream 4 which was written by Tate Taylor.
She did star in The Women of Brewster Place. Oprah Winfrey is a great movie.
Absolutely! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Sure! Did you enjoy Inception because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Christopher Nolan
Sure! Do you like Star Wars because George Lucas is in it or because it is a Science Fiction movie?
Indiana Jones is starring George Lucas, who starred in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and Indiana Jones: Revenge of the Fallen.
Harrison Ford also starred in the movie, Star Wars. Did you know that?
That book was written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure what it's about, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
I don't have that information but I can tell you she is a writer of children's films that have been made into films.
I really like Back to the Future Part II too.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a great movie.
Apocalypse Now was written by John Milius. I'm sure you'll like that as well.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Al Pacino, Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II with Robert Duvall.
Yes, that is right. He directed The Godfather Part II, starring Robert De Niro.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I don't know of any other romance novel by Gustave Flaubert, but I can recommend some other Romance novels if you like.
Yes it is! It was also written by Gustave Flaubert. I think you'll like it.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he is a football player, but I don't follow soccer much. Are you a fan?
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I don't know, but I know that The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature that was written by William Nicholson.
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature written by William Nicholson. Other examples of this genre are; The Lightning Thief, The Son of Neptune, and The Lightning Thief.
The author is J. K. Rowling, who also wrote THe Power of Habit
I think he's the best Quarterback in the league right?
I do, I like the Bears. My favorite quarterback is the Cowboys though.
I'm not sure, but I do like the Patriots. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Yeah, it was a little dark but it was a little dark and scary for kids to watch. It was a little dark and scary for kids to watch.
Yes! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Angels & Demons is a great movie by Dan Scanlon. Would you like to know more about it
It also stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Bill Murray. It is considered a Sci-Fi.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Constant Gardener and A Little Princess. Have you read either of those?
I believe it is a crime fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book written by Niccol Machiavelli. Niccol Machiavelli also wrote X-Men 2.
Yes, he's a great actor! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I'm more into dance music. Do you like Indie music?
I like his music alot, but I haven't heard of some of his music either.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Well, you might also like Utterly Cold Blooded. It was also written by Truman Capote.
I'm always glad to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a graphic novel and also a film producer.
It's a great book! It was written by Rebecca Wells. It's considered a historical period drama.
It's a great book! It was written by Rebecca Wells. It's considered a biography.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she has a song called Love Story. Do you like her?
I am not a huge fan of Taylor Swift, but I like her song Someone Like You.
I don't know about her music. Is she a singer too?
Sure! She starred in The Princess Diaries, The Princess Diaries, and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges, Jeff Bridges and Jeff Bridges. Do you like Jeff Bridges?
Are you familiar with Coming of Age because it is a drama?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you The Secret Life of Bees is a drama/crime. Do you like drama?
You as well!
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is a good one by him. Have you read it?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is most famous for being a prolific writer.
Great! Hope you enjoy!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. He also wrote Marley & Me.
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I do. Did you know that A Nightmare on Elm Street starred Charlize Theron was also in it?
It is a horror movie starring Johnny Depp, Johnny Depp and Dwayne Johnson. It's a great movie!
Yes, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables starring Jet Li and Zach Galifianakis.
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone was in The Expendables.
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
City of Bones is a fantasy novel as well as City of Bones. If you like that genre, City of Bones is the next in the series.
Then you might also like the Harry Potter series by Cassandra Clare called The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is starring Quentin Tarantino?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Rupert Graves.
I don't know much about him other than he's a Table Tennis player. Do you watch him play?
That's cool! Did you know he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
I don't really follow him, but I do remember Michael Phelps was in the 2012 Olympics.
I like them too!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon also starred in the movie. If you like that movie, you should check out Let Me In. It's a thriller.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls, which was written by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Fast and the Furious starring Paul Walker.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The Skulls is starring Roger Rees.
You're welcome.
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Louis van Gaal has coached Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he was
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer
Yes, he is from South Africa
Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is in that movie. It is a romantic comedy.
Glad I could help!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others starring Sebastian Koch. Do you like either one of those actors?
The Tourist is a drama and The Lives of Others is a psychological thriller.
Both Nicolas Cage and Michelle Pfeiffer are in it. Do you like action?
I am not sure about that, but I know that The Tourist was influenced by Kurt Wimmer.
I'm not sure. It was written by Frances Mayes.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about basketball but I think Steve Kerr is the coach. What do you think?
I don't really follow basketball, but I do know he won the NBA All Rookie Team.
Yeah, that's too bad. I'm a huge basketball fan myself. I don't really follow the sport either.
Jane Eyre is a book about Socila Criticism. Hard Times by Charles Dickens is a great book
I don't know if he wrote Jane Eyre but he was born in London
Have you heard of Xenocide or Wuthering Heights?
I don't know much about him other than he's a point guard. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching basketball. I also enjoy watching Vince Vaughn played for the Rockets.
No, I didn't realize that.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
It was written by James Frey and has genre Speculative fiction and was released in 2013.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that William Goldman wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Richard Andrews wrote The Trigicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark didn't he?
1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
Yes. Shakespear's Tale was a comedy too.
Sure. I add that as well.
I know a little about him. He plays for the Germany national football team
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder on the team as well.
Not really, I don't follow the sport either. I do like American Football
Isn't he a tennis player from Switzerland?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Roger Federer was born in Basel.
I do! She's a pretty good singer. Did you know she was in American Idol?
No, I didn't know she won that award. That was the same award as Call Me Maybe.
That is true. Did you know Call Me Maybe won the Juno Award for Video of the Year?
Do you like jaws because it is a horror movie or because it is an action movie?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
She is in the movie Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson Burroughs.
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he wrote the movie The Gathering Storm. Have you seen it?
The skulls fall under genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1999 and is written by Steven Spielberg.
Well, Craig T. Nelson starred in a movie called Knocked Up, directed by Steven Spielberg.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You're welcome
I know that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
I don't really follow football much, I think the Bucs are coached by Jim Caldwell.
I like basketball. I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers.
I love them! I was so sad when Chester Bennington passed away.
I'm not sure, but I can check some of their music out. Did you know Joe Hahn is also a director?
I haven't heard of them but they are more popular, I think the band is called Aliens.
I do! My favorite football team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
That's too bad, I think the Philadelphia Eagles had a runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII. That was their last win.
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite Patriots is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Patriots?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, How about A Christmas Carol or The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner? They are very good.
Yes, it was. It was based on a true story. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Did you like it because it is fantasy?
Yes it is. It also stars Josh Hutcherson.
If you like comedies, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I don't know much about them either but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
Not a big fan of basketball. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like basketball too. Do you like basketball?
Isn't that cool? I heard it was a great movie. It was written by Mark Wahlberg and stars Mark Wahlberg.
She was in a movie called Ted. She was also in that movie as well.
Ashton Kutcher was in that too. She's also a great actress!
Glad I could help!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes, Robin Williams was also in The Birdcage. Did you see it?
Yes, it was released in 1995. It's a great movie!
I do! I love Orlando Bloom! He's a great actor. He's a great actor. Do you like him? He's a great actor.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Ryan Reynolds was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
True Grit is a movie starring Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak, have you seen any of these?
Matt Damon actually starred in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak, have you seen any of these?
Glad I could help!
Yes, Boyhood was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
He also directed Apocalypse Now, which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 1995 and is a Romance/Comedy. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, enjoy!
King Kong is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, or X-Men 2.
Yes, it has genre Science Fiction as well as speculative fiction.
They are a sports team. They are a part of the NFC South division.
They're a great team! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's right! I think the Steelers have won a super bowl this year.
Yes, Evan Goldberg wrote The Interview
The Interview stars Seth Rogen, James Franco, and James Franco to name a few. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The End. He was also in Pineapple Express.
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a fantasy film.
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling. The Son of No One is the first in the series.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like Psychological Thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Schindler's List is a Psychological Thriller. Schindler's List is a movie that he was in.
She was in The Lion King. Are you a fan of hers?
If you like action films, you might also enjoy A Prayer for the Dying. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
I believe it is a Thriller, but I don't have any information on that movie.
Sure, have a good day!
Yes, he is a great soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I don't know much about him either. I know that Fabio Capello is also a midfielder.
I follow American Football alot, but i like American Football a lot
Steve McQueen wrote and starred in Tom Horn. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Are you a fan?
I'm not much of a fan of their music but I do know they are in the United States of America.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in Seoul. Isn't he from Seoul?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Viy. Have you seen any of those?
Sean Penn is another great movie starring Jason Flemyng.
I'm always here to help.
I hope you like it!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction books?
Glad I could help.
Sure! Hellboy is a Thriller with the same genre. Do you like Thrillers?
Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman all starred in the Wolverine. It is a Science Fiction movie.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know a little about him, he wrote The Damned United. Are you familiar with him?
I don't know, but I know a few of his movies he was in. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Ziggy Marley is a Spanish film director, producer, and screenwriter. He was born in Spain and died in Spain.
Well, I know that Ziggy Marley has starred in all of his movies. Would you like to know who acted in this movie?
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in The Three Musketeers.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a fantasy, crime movie. Do you like this genre?
Yes, she starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Do you like dramas?
Steven D. Levitt starred in SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you seen it?
I didn't have any other recommendations for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't read any of his books. Did you know he was from New York?
I haven't read any of the books that have been made into movies. Do you like movies by Steven D. Levitt ?
Sure, he wrote The Philosopher's Stone, and The Raven. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I love that movie! Did you know that Cloverfield was written by Edgar Wright?
Coldplay is a band with Warner Bros. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is starring Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth
Yes I can. I like most of the James Bond movies. How about you?
She wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc. Have you read them?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a Fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor. Are you interested in this genre?
I am not sure when it was released, but I can add it to my reading list.
You're welcome!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I think he was born in Oakland. Are you a fan?
That's right. Did you know Damian Lilliard is from Oakland?
I haven't seen it either. I don't know much about basketball either.
Quentin Tarantino wrote the movie Death Proof. Did you see it?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne. It's a great movie!
Grindhouse is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Do you like Big Fish because it is an adventure movie or because it is an action movie?
Kenny Ortega also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. Kenny Ortega is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like Thrillers?
Zambezia has a genre of drama, crime, drama and crime. Do you like those genres?
It is a Historical period drama, do you like those types of movies?
Sure, have a great day!
They are a basketball team. They're coached by Jay-Z.
Me too, are you a fan of sci-fi or action movies?
He was also in the movie Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like action movies?
It is a action movie starring Glenn Morshower. Do you like action movies?
PS, I Love you was written by Cecelia Ahern. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a romance novel, would you like me to check it out?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I know she is a tennis player from India. She is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Not really. I am more of a steelers fan myself.
I haven't seen them but I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation!
He starred in Looking for Richard
They are both Thrillers.
I don't know of any comedies that he was in. I do know he was also in the movie The Recruit.
Sure! If you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
It is written by Mary Doria Russell and is a satire.
Yes, she also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
I'm always happy to help!
I don't know too much about her, but I do like her song A Thousand Years.
I don't know of any song by her. Do you like Taylor Swift?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I haven't seen him in a movie, but he was in a movie called Zero Dark Thirty. Are you familiar with that movie?
I like crime fiction too. I would recommend The Bourne Legacy. It is a very good movie.
No. Mark Boal was not in it but The Hurt Locker starred in it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Rob Riggled starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Yes. Unaccompanied Minors was released in 2013 and was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like animation movies?
Absolutely. He also starred in Step Brothers, another animation movie that you might like.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to the watch list.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is the President of the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan?
It's a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
He was so great! I hope you like it!
Yes, Boyhood was written by John Boyne and starred Keanu Reeves. It's a great movie.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was directed by Richard Linklater.
No problem, I am happy to help.
The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner are similar. Have you read those?
Yes she is a great author. She wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Happy reading!
Sure, The Social Network was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Timberlake. It is a Thriller, Sci-Fi and a biography.
Sean Connery starred in The Social Network. Do you like his movies?
Winter's Bone is a good one.
You are welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an American novelist who wrote David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is a great author. He also wrote THe Power of Habit.
Yeah, Zadie Smith is a great writer. He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, a classic.
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
It is a science fiction movie starring John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1986.
Yes, she's amazing! She's amazing! I love her music as well!
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
The Fellowship of the Ring is the next in the series, have you read it?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception has a genre Science Fiction, Psychological Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door. Have you read that one yet?
Yes it is. It was written by Melissa Marr. Are you interested in this author?
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series by John Scalzi. It's a Children's literature.
Dexter in the Dark was written by Jennifer Crusie. It's a Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like drama?
Swarup was released in 2003, isn't that crazy?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Hobbit: The Graphic Novel and The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Return of the Native
Aidan Turner wrote The Hobbit. Would you like to know more about it?
This movie is fiction.
The Legend of Tarzan and The Golden Compass
the Golden Compass was directed by Chris Rock
Did you like this book because it was written by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zacharia is Speculative fiction and was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, it is considered children's literature, so it is more of speculative fiction and more.
The Goldfinch was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure, but I can tell you she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History. I highly recommend it.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Dinna Tartt was born in Alexandria. Do you like her?
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote The Ship of Brides.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
That's good. Did you know Sam Trammell also starred in Looking for Alaska?
I'm not sure, but I can check it out.
He wrote The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
I can recommend some of the books by him if you like.
You're welcome!
Sure! Tim Miller starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
The Goon was directed by Roland Emmerich and it was released in 2015 starring Tommy Lee Jones
The Goon is a great movie, some of the movies he was in are The Goon and The Other Boleyn Girl
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, it is a Spanish movie starring Alex Angulo.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for this movie.
Great! I would also recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, World Without End, and The Golden Compass.
Great! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
George Carlin also starred in Twenties Girl
Yes it was! Michael York also wrote a book called The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
I don't know too much about him but he wrote .
I did not know that. Did you know Homer's Iliac was released in 1985?
I don't know of any other dramas. I do know that Frédéric Mugler was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Robert Duvall also starred in Tumbleweeds and The Apostle.
Sean Penn wrote that and it was released in 1996.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild with Sean Penn. Sean Penn was in it too.
Sean Penn starred in Into the Wild with Sean Penn. Sean Penn was in Into the Wild with Sean Penn.
I like him, he's a great tennis player. Did you know Garth Williams starred in Hair Show?
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and The Damned United. Have you seen any of these?
Sure! Les Miserables is an action film released in 2006. Do you like that kind of movie?
Great, have a great day!
I think he is a great singer, I especially like his song Marry You. Do you like him?
I like her song Spring Breakers. What about you?
I actually haven't heard much about her, what about you? What type of music do you like?
I haven't had any idea. I just heard about her song, thank you for the recommendation.
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They were the runner ups in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final right?
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Anna Kendrick wrote The Maze Runner
You're welcome!
Sure! Are you a fan of the author John Green? She wrote The God of Small Things.
It's a drama, do you like those types of books?
Yes, it was made into a movie with a great cast.
You are welcome!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction
i do not have information about the movie
She wrote Dracula. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Dracula, have you read that?
Schindler's List is a good one by her
You are welcome.
Yes, it is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a Fantasy genre.
Sure. Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
Of course! He was also in a lot of movies. He's been in some great movies.
I think Houston Texans are a great Texans. I think their coach Gary Kubiak is good.
Yeah, I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Do you like the Patriots?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Julian Glover starred in Troy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen any of those?
Emily Bronte and David Morse also starred in it. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure what year it came out, but I do know Saffron Burrows was in it.
It's a tragicomedy that was released in 1847. It's a classic!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth. Did you know she was born in Oklahoma City?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 1895.
That's a great historical period drama! I also recommend it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova, she lost to Serena Williams?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I remember watching the Super Bowl a little ago. It was great to see.
I didn't know that. Is he a good player?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart, The Day After Tomorrow, and The Day After Tomorrow.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Fantasy?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2014
Glad to be of help
Are you looking for movies with Ryan Gosling in it or Stupid, Love?
If you like romance films, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movies!
Sure! He wrote The Stand, Wolves of the Calla, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2005, isn't that the year it was released?
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005
Yes, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it is an action movie or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that?
Most popular would be Larry Crowne, but Larry Crowne also starred Larry Crowne. That Thing You Do is a Romantic Comedy.
Great, I'll add them to your list!
Great! Anything else I can help with?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes it is, you might also like The Casual Vacancy or The Casual Vacancy.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It is a mystery and was written by J.K. Rowling. It is a mystery.
I don't really follow them much but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. How about you?
I don't know a lot about it, but I do like the Seahawks. They're coached by Pete Carroll.
I agree, they have a lot of controversy over the sport. They have a lot of laughs.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli, and it was released in 2002 and was written by Jerry Spinelli.
Yes, he wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee. They are both great reads.
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction book written by Melissa Marr. It was released in 1985.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is married to Serena Williams. Do you like him?
That's right. He's #1 in the world right now, but I don't really follow him. I think he lost to Roger Federer?
I like him better than Rafael Nadal. I like him better than Rafael Nadal.
I don't know any other books by Mary GrandPre, but I do know she wrote The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. J. K. Rowlings is the author.
Sure! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her writing?
Yes she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I think the Dallas Cowboys are doing well this season but I don't really follow them. How about you?
My favorite team is the Patriots, but my favorite is the Cowboys though.
They seem to be having a bad season, they haven't won a super bowl yet!
I don't know much about him. But I do know he was drafted by the New York Giants.
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen them?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. The Incredible Hulk is written by Stan Lee.
Yes I would recommend The Hiding Place. Have you read that?
The Hiding Place has genre Autobiography. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
Yes, you might also like The Golden Compass starring Chris Pratt. Do you like him?
OK. Have fun!
Okay. Have a great day!
Are you a fan of Phil Lord?
Kathryn Bigelow starred in 22 Jump Street. It's a musical.
I don't think so, but White House Down was a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Definitely, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, she was. No Strings Attached was written by Zane Grey
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a science fiction movie?
Then you might like World War Z with Brad Pitt or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Zombieland is starring Mark Margolis and Bill Murray, are you a fan of this actor?
I don't know what year it was released, is it good?
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Last Days pf Dogtown. Have you read any of those yet?
Yes, she wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
You're welcome!
That book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is a children's literature that was written by William Shakespeare.
I would recommend Wizard's First Rule or Wizard's First Rule. Both are very good.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway, would you like to know more about this book?
A Farewell to Arms was released in 1989 which is the same year as A Farewell to Arms was released. Would you like to know more about it?
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Do you like War movies?
Charlie Hunnam stars in Year One. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he was Ghostbusters
You are welcome
I love them! I was so sad when Chester Bennington passed away.
Do you like the movie because it is starring Ryan Reynolds or because it is action movie?
The Hunger Games is a great movie. You might also like The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
I'm not sure. Are you interested in other Adventure movies like X-Men: First Class, or The Wolverine?
I don't have that information, but you might check it out.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Baschet wrote The Chronicles of Narnia which was written by Joseph Heller.
Micmacs is starring Yolande Moreau. Would you like to see it?
I do not know when he was in Micmacs. He is a comedian too.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Ocean at the End of the Lane is a great book by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gaiman books?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a great movie! It's written by Joel Coen. Did you know it was written by Joel Coen?
He was also in the suspense movie True Grit and The Hunt for Red October.
Cassandra Clare directed that movie.
Do you like the movie because it is science fiction or because it is sci-fi?
It is a comedy/crime movie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is. You might also like Zombieland starring George Clooney.
You are welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Are you a fan?
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either?
You are welcome!
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, he was. He wrote The Count of Monte Cristo as well.
Some similar novels are; The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Return of the Native and The Son of Neptune.
Glad I could help.
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote The Time Machine, The Plains of Passage, and The Invisible Man. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it was written by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes that was a great movie. If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy watching White Fang. Do you like adventure movies?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, there is a sequel to The Great Gilly Hopkins called The Great Gilly Hopkins. The Great Gilly Hopkins is written by Katherine Paterson.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Catching Fire.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee.
Kyla Pratt is one of the actors in that movie.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller and was released in 2012. I don't have any information on the genre.
I don't have any recommendations for murder mystery, but I can recommend others
You are welcome
The Matrix Reloaded was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
He's a great actor! He starred in The Gift, The Lake House, and The Lake of Dreams. Have you seen any of these?
Keanu is a great actor. He also starred in Tune in Tomorrow.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Are you a fan?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. She has a lot of people like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Sorry, I don't know about her. What genre are you interested in?
Okay, then you should check out Speed Racer. It's a romance.
I don't think so, but Lana Wachowski directed it.
Blood Promise is a Fantasy novel by Richelle Mead. Do you like Fantasy books?
You might enjoy Shadow Kiss or Goliath, also written by Richelle Mead.
Yes, Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead. It was released in 2011, have you seen it?
Yes, he did write Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission: Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Do you like it because it is a Fantasy or Adventure movie?
Morgan Freeman was in X-Men: First Class and starred in Up in the Air. Are you interested in that one?
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know that Ferrell was in The Lego Movie. That was also released in 2014 and is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, have you seen that?
Ted is a Comedy-drama.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Maruice Hindle starred in The Swan Thieves. It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Do you like classics? If you like classics, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
They are actually written in English. I'm sure you will enjoy them.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
It was released in 1856 and is considered a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, she did write it as well. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are coached by John Fox right? I don't know much about them.
I don't know much about football either. I know that the Cowboys are coached by Jim Caldwell.
I like basketball as well. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though.
Yes, Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Toy Story 3 and Tim Allen starred in it too. It's a great movie!
It's a great movie! Let me know if I can help with anything else!
Yes, I will send it right over.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't really follow sports either. I think he is from Oklahoma City.
I'm a huge basketball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Blade Runner was directed by Tom Hanks and released in 2012. It's a great movie.
He has been in lots of movies. Some of them are Zombieland and The First Man. Have you seen any of those?
It's very entertaining! It's also considered a comedy as well.
Do you like that movie because it is a mystery or a crime fiction?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
The Wolf of Wall Street is starring Stephen Collins. It's a great movie.
Yes, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point, The Missing, and The Return of the Native
It is a Science Fiction Film.
The Way is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Wimmer, would you like to hear more about the movie?
Roger Bart also starred in Time Bandits which is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I recommend Finding Neverland starring Roger Bart and Richard Portnow.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Pillars of the Earth
If you like science fiction movies, you might like The fourth element or The Matrix.
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of her. She is married to Irina Shayk.
I am not a huge fan of her song but I do know that she is married to Lauren Oliver. Are you a fan?
Did you know she was in the movie The Muppets also starred in that movie.
Sure, he wrote The Virgin Suicides. Do you like fantasy books?
It was released in 2002 and is a paranormal romance. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown. Have you read them?
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown
You are welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery. Do you like Sean Connery or Tom Hanks?
Capone is a history/historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Capone was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Thriller.
It's a great movie, have you seen it?
Glad to help
Yes, it was written by Preston and released in 2011.
I don't have that information but it was directed by Steve Kloves who was also in it
Yes, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a similar movie
I do not have that information, but I can recommend other movies starring Robert De Niro
You are welcome
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
I believe it is a fiction book. Do you like romance books?
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is that what you're looking for?
Glad I could help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass are both fantasy movies.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in that movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Shopaholic and Baby is a comedy. I think you'll like it.
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure but Kristin Cashore is a Romance novel
It is written by Michael Bay
No problem
Yes, she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, which was released in 1943.
It was released in 1943
Yes it was also written in English
I am a huge football fan. Are you a Chelsea fan?
I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
I am more of a fan of the New York Mets. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Yes, he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like that movie?
Yes, I have seen it, but I don't know much about it. Is that a crime fiction movie?
I don't know of any other movies he directed, but I do know he was also in Someone Like You, which is a great movie.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It was released in 2002 starring Kevin McNally.
Yes, William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World Without End.
Would you like recommendations for other novels by Goldman?
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Do you like either of those genres?
I think it's a good read. It was released in 2011. It's considered speculative fiction and science fiction.
You are welcome! Have a great day.
Emma Stone and Emma Stone are in it. Do you like them?
Yes he is. Emma Stone also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, Rashida Jones was in that as well. Did you know she was also in The Social Network?
You are welcome!
I know that he wrote the book called Things Fall Apart. Did you know he is also a teacher?
Have you heard of World Without End? I heard this was a good fiction.
I have not seen it. Is that a crime fiction movie?
You are welcome have a good day.
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in Django Unchained.
You are welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Keeper. Have you read them yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Psychological Thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a huge fan of The Weekend but I do like the action movie Gone with the Wind.
You like Echoes of Silence?
I think it was a good song too. Did you know Echoes of Silence had a big voice?
I like it a great book by John Grisham. Did you know it was written by Andrew Niccol?
I don't know of any other thriller movie by John Grisham. Are you familiar with the suspense genre?
The Brethren was released in 1987. It is a mystery/crime and was directed by John Grisham.
I'm not sure what genre The Cold Moon is by by Jeffery Deaver.
I'm not sure, but the book was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
It was written by Dr Seuss. It's a children's literature. Other books include The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat, The Lorax, and The Cat in the Hat are some of the books written by Dr. Seuss.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket that was written by Dr. Seuss.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
I like him in the movie The Other Guys, have you seen it?
That's cool. I like Maroon 5 too. Did you know Maroon 5 is in it?
I haven't seen any of those shows but if I'm not mistaken he has a genre of Comedy. He's a great actor. I like Maroon 5 too.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, Underdog, and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night. Have you read any of those?
Well, if you like Fantasy you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare.
No problem.
Sure! Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Last Stand, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobbstones too. Did you see it?
I don't know when it was released, but if you like Anthony Hopkins you should check it out.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Curious George and The Green Hornet.
You're welcome
Have you seen Wizard and Glass? He wrote that as well.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Sandman: Endless Nights.
I don't know of any others, but I do know he was influenced by Ken Whisenhunt and John Lennon.
Yes, it's considered Children's literature, Sci-Fi and Speculative fiction.
Glad I could help!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Scarlett Johansson stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and was released in 2013.
Great choice! Did you know it also stars Cameron Diaz?
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also starred in Under the Skin with Scarlett Johansson.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that movie.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good movie. It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. Do you like Action Films?
Vivica A. Fox is a great actress. She starred in Scream 4 and The Salon. Have you seen either?
Yes, he is. Did you know that Uma Thurman starred in Pulp Fiction?
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about him, I do know that he also was a coach.
I don't really follow football, but I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by the founders of the National Football League.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, The Apostle, and The Apostle. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he did write that movie. Do you like Romance Films?
Of course, if you like Indie Films, you might also like A Prayer for the Dying or A Prayer for the Dying.
Christina Perri is a wonderful children's artist. She sings a famous song called A Thousand Years.
no i didnt know that. do you like her?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: Wayman 2. Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. what else can i do for you?
Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. what else can i do for you?
I don't know much about him other than he was dating Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
I didn't know that, but I know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz from Shrek
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was directed by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like fantasy movies?
I am not sure, but there is another movie based on the book called The Fellowship of the Ring.
He was in Wilder Napalm and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Other books include The Titan's Curse and The Sea Wolf.
Did you know The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan?
Great! Greek Mythology is written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Are you familiar with that?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animations?
Great! He also starred in The Simpsons Movie. He's a great actor.
Glad I could help!
She wrote Wicked which is a musical and was released in 2012.
Yes, Wicked came out as a play. Are you interested in that genre?
I'm not sure, but Armentrout did write Wicked.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Hour I First Believed, and The Power of Habit. Have you read any of those?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Braveheart. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was written by William Gibson.
You're welcome!
Isn't he the one that wrote The Bone Clocks?
It's in the English language. Did you know that it was also made into a movie?
The Bone Clocks was published in 2003 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Glad I could help.
Yes, he directed Super. He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, Super. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie! It's a family movie with a little bit of drama. It's a great movie! It's a great movie!
Sure, Zach Gilford starred in the movie Slither. He also starred in The Box and The Giver.
Okay, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing.
Yes, you are right. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Gnomeo & Juliet is written by Vince Flynn.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
It's a great movie! It was directed by Clint Eastwood and released in 2012. I think you'll like it.
No I haven't seen him in any movies. But I see him in X-Men: First Class.
I'm going to check that out. Thanks for the information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I am not sure what his last album came out, but I do like the Smith Saga. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do like the song Too Good at Goodbye. You like it?
I don't know any of his songs, but I do like him. He's a great singer.
I don't really follow them. I am a fan of a lot of rock.
Yes, he wrote рестуление и накаание и накаание and диот?
Fрестуление и накаание is a classic
Whats your favorite genre?
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
I don't know much about him either, but I do know that he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure, but I know she is from Brazil.
He wrote A brief history of time
He wrote a book called The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
Stephen Hawking also starred in the movie The Big Bang. It was a very good movie.
OK, have a great day!
I do. I like his song New Perspective. What about you?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like more information about this author?
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1996.
Under Magnolia was released in 1996. Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure.
Underdog is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
City of God is a crime movie. Do you enjoy crime movies?
The Escapist is a drama. It also starred Seu Jorge.
I don't know of any other movies he was in. Are you interested in any of his movies?
He wrote Thirteen Moons, The Future of Us, and The Future of Us.
Yes, The Short Second Life was written by Jay Asher. He also wrote Young Adults.
You might check out Out of Sight. It's by John Green. It's young adult fiction.
It was released in 1981.
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
I'm not sure, but Cassandra Clare wrote that as well.
City of Bones was also released in 2011. Are you familiar with this one?
You are so welcome, I hope you like it!
The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kosar and released in 2000.
I don't have any other info on suspense. But I can tell you that it is written by John Grisham?
If you like suspense, you should check out Without Fail by Robert Rodriguez. It is a thriller.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a good one, have you heard of it?
Did you like it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a drama?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? Do you like his movies?
I am not sure, but The Ghost and the Darkness is a Mystery.
Yes it is! Val Kilmer is also in the movie The Day After Tomorrow.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in it, have you seen it?
He also wrote Lord of War, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan. The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a great book. If you like that genre, you might also like The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of The Weeknd. I do like Echoes of Silence. What about you?
The only thing I know about her is that he was in a relationship with Justin Bieber, who was in the Muppets movie.
I like that movie too, but I haven't seen it yet. Is that a comedy?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of her?
I like Will Smith too. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in so many things too.
Yes, he was. Michael Ealy also starred in Love Story. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that?
Then you might like What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day.
Yes Man is a great movie! It's a comedy with a little bit of drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Evan Goldberg is a director. He wrote The Interview with the Stars, which stars Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
Great! She is a great actress. She also starred in Pineapple Express, have you seen that?
Yes, this is the End is a drama and comedy. It also stars Jason Trost, James Patterson, and James Franco to name a few.
Great, enjoy!
John G. Avildsen wrote The Karate Kid. Have you seen that?
He also starred in the movie The Karate Kid. Did you see that? It is a martial arts film.
That is a great movie! John G. Aiken is the writer of The Last Dragon. He starred in The Green Hornet.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Glad I could help!
Are you a J. K. Rowling fan? If so you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The genre is Action and Drama
I don't know any similar movie
I am not sure, but the other Harry Potter series is Inception
No, I am not sure
You are welcome
Cave Bear is a novel written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Elah.
He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a novel written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Plains of Passage.
Then you might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Glad I could help!
Derek Jacobi is in a lot of movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Eddie Redmayne and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Science Fiction movie.
Yes, Keith Carradine also starred in a movie called Brotherhood of the Traveling Pants.
Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer who played all formats for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really follow it. I am more of a baseball fan.
I do. I like tennis. Do you like it?
Really, I didn't know he was also a coach. I know he was also a musician.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
Yeah, Michael Jordan was great. He was great in Space Jam. Did you know he also starred in Larry Bird?
I haven't seen it yet. I think Ivan Reitman was in it. He's good!
I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you?
Sure, The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
The Lightning is a young-adult fiction
The Lightning Thief is a fantasy book
He is a great author! He wrote Xenocide, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those?
This Side of Paradise was originally published in 1987. It's considered a classic.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is an American novelist who writes thrillers. He wrote the book Disclosure. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any recommendations for writers similar to Crichton, but Crichton is known for The Book of Mormon.
I don't know too much about Robin Cook but Crichton has written a lot of books.
You're welcome.
Well, if you like romance films, you might also like The Incredibles.
Yes he does. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He also starred in Frank Grillo. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
It is a biography. Do you like biography?
Sure, Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield.
That's a great song by Ed Sheeran. Did you know he starred in Something Wicked This Way Comes?
No, it was not sang
I don't know if he's married to Singer, but I like the song You Love Me.
It is speculative fiction written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like more books by Hesse or speculative fiction books?
The Thief of Always was written by Virginia Woolf. Would you like to know more about this author?
I don't know what else he wrote, but the Thief of Always was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and starred Billy Boyd, Billy Boyd, and Billy Boyd. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like The Return of the King or The Legend of Tarzan.
I think he's a great writer. He was also a musician and a model.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle, who also wrote The Son of Neptune.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins?
The Perfect Game was written by Reese Witherspoon. It was released in 2012.
I don't know any other films filmed in Mexico but The Golden Compass was a great movie.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music. I love his music!
I like her music but I'm not sure about it. Do you like her movies?
I do. I loved her in Elf!! Did you see that movie?
I do! He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. I like The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Street Lawyer. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Nora Dunn is starring in it. Do you like dramas?
He also directed The Mask, have you seen that one?
You're Welcome
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It's a drama that was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a drama
Glad I could help
Sure, Mark Margolis was in The Virgin Suicides, The Girl Next Door, and The Day After Tomorrow. Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, it is. Did you know she also starred in Ralph Fiennes?
Yes, she starred in a movie called Sharp Objects.
Yes, it is a great movie! I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bar and The Tales of Beedle the Bar. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Dark Knight. Have you read those?
I don't know of any other book by Joseph Heller, but if you like historical fiction you might enjoy The House of Mirth or The House of Mirth.
You are welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic. He is a great actor. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fantasy book similar to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
I recommend The Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Sure, she wrote We Were Watching God and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
It is in English. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Sci-Fi or because it stars Matthew McConaughey?
If you like Interstellar, you might like Zombieland. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
It stars Sally Hawkins and Josh Hutcherson to name a few.
Great! If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I love him! He is a great country music artist!
I don't know about that. I do like his song I Don't Want This Night to End.
I don't know about that. I do like his song I Don't Want This Night to End.
He wrote Equilibrium, Equilibrium, and Equilibrium.
Yes, he also starred in Kurt Wimmer. Have you seen it?
She starred in a lot of movies. Did you see Equilibrium? He was also in that as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is a writer. He wrote The Verdict and The Book Thief. Have you read them?
I am not sure but I can tell you that he wrote the book
Crime is a fiction book
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Selection was also written by Kierra Cass, and she wrote The Siren and The Selection.
Hope you enjoy it
Have a great day
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Steven Soderbergh. what else can i do for you?
It is a Romance and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome!
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness?
Paper towns was written by John Green.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama?
Yep, he did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
That's right! He was also in The Gathering Storm, which is a great movie!
I would definitely recommend My Own Private Idaho. It's a very good movie.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about him but I do know that he was also a teacher. He was born in Santaland Diaries. Are you familiar with him?
I don't know of either. I do know that Dorothy Parker was influenced by David Sedaris. Are you a fan of hers?
It was written by E. Lockhart, and released in 2014.
Sure, Lockhart was the author of the book, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Did you know that?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and is in English.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Charles Frazier is a British novelist, film director, and director. He wrote Thirteen Moons and The Big Lebowski. Have you read those?
Thirteen Moons has genre Psychological Thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
It was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome!
I have not heard much about them except they are a K-pop boy band. Are they a singer?
I am not sure, but I know they are coached by K-pop. Do you like their music?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is a writer and a cartoonist.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
Yes it is in English.
Eleanor Roosevelt was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You're welcome!
Did you like that movie because it was written by Nicholas Pileggi or because it stars Nicholas Cage?
Goodfellas is starring Robert De Niro. Robert De Niro also starred in The Dark Knight, which is a thriller.
Have you seen Shark Night? That is a great movie.
What Just Happened is a great movie. Richard DeNiro also starred in it.
Yes, Art Linson wrote What Just Happened to Goodfellas.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it is an action movie?
Terry Pratchet starred in What Lies Beneath as well as many other dramas.
2004
You are welcome.
I know that the Boston Celtics are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
I do, actually. Did you know Wyc Grousbeck owns the Boston Celtics?
I do, I like the Lakers. The Lakers were runner up in the 2008 NBA Finals.
I'm not a big basketball fan, but I think Michael Jordan is my favorite player.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true, are you a fan of this movie?
Simon West directed The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, have you seen that?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Children's literature and is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is more of a children's literature. Would you like to know more about it?
Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a comedy or a romance movie?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's right, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome!
I know that she starred in Gravity, do you like that movie?
Gravity was released in 2014. Alfonso Cuarón also starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like thrillers?
Gravity was released in 2013. Alfonso Cuarón also starred in the movie Gravity. Gravity was also released in 2014.
Alfonso Cuarón was the director of Gravity. He also starred in Gravity: A Space Adventure, which was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
I don't really follow them, but I think Dallas Cowboys is doing a great job leading the team.
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a fan of the Oakland Raiders. Do they have a favorite team?
I'm more of a fan of the Oakland Raiders. They're a good team as well, but I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
It was written by Christopher Nolan, and it stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of this actor?
I am not sure but I can tell you The Prestige is starring William Morgan Sheppard
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight Rises
You are welcome!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. It is a war novel.
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
I don't know any similar books by Joseph Heller. I do know that he wrote a war novel.
You are welcome!
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Revealed and Revealed.
I don't know much about it but I do know it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
I have read A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell. Have you read it?
It is. Did you know that White Teeth was written by Richard Kelly?
Yes, Zadie Smith also wrote White Teeth.
Happy to help!
John Lasseter directed The Truman Show and The City and the Stars.
Cars 2 was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
John Lasseter also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great boxer, but I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer.
She is a married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like her movies?
Yes, I think you'd like that. He also starred in the movie Remember the Titans. That's a great movie.
I know that the Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about the football team but I do know that Alex Smith was the quarterback for the Redskins is their home team too.
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
I recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
I'm not sure, but I know he is currently playing for the Golden State Warriors.
I don't know, but I think he is on the Golden State Warriors
No, he isn't with the Warriors, but he is pretty tall
You're welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Have you seen either of these movies?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as Ted Tally. Ted Tally wrote The Half Blood Prince. Do you like thrillers?
Well, would you like me to send it to you?
Enjoy your movie!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action adventure!
Yes, Shia Leboubou is also in Revenge of the Fallen.
I don't know of similar movies, but Kevin Dunn also starred in Billy Crystal and Tom Hardy.
I don't know much about him either. I do know that he is a point guard with Seattle Supersonics.
I am not a fan of the basketball but I do like the Lakers.
I'm not sure, but Michael Jordan was a great player as well. He was a point guard too.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend some movies starring Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
yes it is. Spells with a tiger is a series
It is a Romance novel written by Ann Patchett
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Thank you
I don't know too much about him other than that he is an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
That's pretty cool. I saw him win the 2007 PGA as well. Do you like golf?
I haven't seen this movie, is it about golf?
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in Miami, Florida. They won the Super Bowl XVII right?
Haha, I'm more of a Bears fan myself. What do you think of the Dolphins?
I'm not a big fan of theirs, but I do know they were runner up for Super Bowl XVII right?
Yes, he wrote Rayuela. Are you a fan?
Rayuela was released in 1963 and is in English. Did you know that Gregory Rabassa wrote El otoo del patriarca?
Sorry, I can help you with anything else.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like her?
That was a good movie. Did you know she was also in a science fiction film?
That's good. Did you know she was in a movie called The Giver.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Great. Glad I could help.
Truman Capote is a horror film. He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Do you like Horror films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that In Cold Blood was produced by Truman Capote. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it was good. It also starred Truman Capote. I'm not sure about it.
Yes, Nathan Greno wrote and starred in a movie called Neverwhere. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Mandy Moore was in it. It's a great movie! It's a drama, crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like World War Z. It's a very funny movie.
Yes, it's a great movie! Tim Allen starred in it as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes! Larry Crowne is a great movie. He also starred in it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
The Goonies was written by Steven Spielberg. He also wrote The Goonies, starring Robin Williams.
This movie was released in 1996 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Jr., and Brad Pitt to name a few.
Yes, Russel Crowe was in the movie, A Beautiful Mind. He also starred in Russel Crowe.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome
Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Al Pacino. Al Pacino, Al Pacino, Al Pacino, Al Pacino, and many more!
Mark Wahlberg directed The Scent of a Woman. Did you know he is also a director?
Yes, he is. He is known for The Godfather Part II.
Sure! He has starred in a few films, including The Recruit, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and The Son of Sobek.
Witless Protection is a drama and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Great! Some of the Crime genre films I recommend are; The Proposal, The Son of No One, and The Son of Sobek.
It is a very good movie starring Al Pacino, who also starred in The Son of No One, and The Son of No One.
Glad to help!
I don't know much about her, is she a singer?
She is a singer like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez
I'm not sure but I do like Taylor Swift
I am more of a Linkin Park fan but I do like their music. What about you?
I'm more of a fan of their music. I'm more of a Chuck Norris fan myself. What about you?
I'm a huge fan of their music. Some of my favorites are Cloverfield and Rock. They're all sort of electronic.
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2. Have you seen them?
He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
He was in quite a few movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things, including Wicked Lovely, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and The Children of Men.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was in it. I highly recommend it.
I don't know what other movies she's in, but I do know that Diane Keaton was in The Wedding Date.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Journal of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Do you like her poetry?
That was co-written by Emily Blunt. Would you like me to send it to you?
Michael Jackson starred in Valentine's Day, The Wiz, The Wiz, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure about that, but I've heard it recently. It's a good movie.
Yep, it's a great movie! It also starred John Lennon and was directed by John Lennon. Have you seen it?
I know he directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
I don't know who directed it, but it was directed by Frank Miller.
You're welcome.
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on history related books by Niccol Machiavelli.
It was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, who was influenced by Niccol Machiavelli.
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Last Colony. Do either of those interest you?
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
Yes, it is written in English.
Do you like the author Alice Walker? She wrote The Temple of My Familiar.
The Color Purple is a Drama, the the genre is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is a musical, based on the book.
Memento is written by Jonathan Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon.
Freddie Mercury, Tommy Lee Jones, and Chris Rock are the starring actors in Memento.
You are welcome
Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't know him
I didn't know that. I heard he is a good player
Wasn't he on the Spain national football team? I remember that team lost to Rafael Nadal.
The Scarlet Letter is a historical novel written by Margaret Atwood. Do you like historical novels?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a crime novel written by John Irving.
The Cider House Rules was published in 1995. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. She also starred in Chasing Amy, which is a great movie.
It is a great movie. It also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, along with Ocean's Thirteen is Ocean's Thirteen. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Fight Club is starring Brad Pitt and its a drama/crime. Do you like dramas?
I don't know about that, but I do know that The Scarlatti Inheritance is a comedy.
Brad Pitt has starred in a number of movies, including Unforgettable Lady, Bridesmaids, and The Glass Men.
You're welcome!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer, do you like the genre?
Simon McBurney also starred in Rules of Attraction. Have you seen it?
It is! It is considered a Romantic Film as well as a Comedy-drama.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is a cricket player from India.
Do you know a lot about Cricket or are you a fan?
That's a great place to check out. Thanks for the info!
I'm not a big basketball fan so I don't know much about the coach, but I do know that Lakers is coached by Larry Crowne.
I think he is a good coach
It was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998. Are you interested in this book?
Louis Sachar also wrote the movie Spaceballs. It's a great book.
That was written by Louis Sachar. I can add that to your book club as well.
I know that Stephen Curry is a basketball player and he plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team
They are basketball teams in the NBA. The Golden State Warriors is a basketball movie. The Golden State Warriors is a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
You're welcome!
I sure do! Ethan Suplee starred in The Fountainhead, V for Vendetta, and The Fountainhead. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Vulgar is a drama starring Matt Damon and was directed by Kevin Smith. It is a comedy drama.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Kevin Smith is a writer, screenwriter and producer. He wrote and starred in the movie The Titans.
Absolutely! Glad I could help!
I haven't heard much about it but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't really follow soccer, but it looks like they are runner up in the 2010 UEFA Champions League Final right?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Sure! The Pillars of the Earth and Wizard's First rule are some of Terry Goodkind books. Would you like to know more?
It's listed as Speculative fiction and Fantasy.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R.R. Martin and released in 2014.
It is a Children's literature that was released in 1949. Are you interested in that genre?
I don't know of any fiction novels by George Orwell, but he did write The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
I don't have that information, but did you know George Orwell wrote Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, which is a Historical Novel?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Have a great day
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is a great American footballer. Did you know their team won the NBA All Rookie Team?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, I think he's with the Patriots. I'm a Stephen Gostkowski fan, so I'm a Stephen Gostkowski fan.
I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer. Do you like Boxing?
That's what I'm seeing here. Did you know he was also a politician?
Yes, I did know he was also a politician.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote it. She also wrote The War of the Worlds.
I would classify it as Sci-Fi and Speculative fiction.
Yes, Twilight was written by Stephenie Meyer. Are you interested in more movies by Stephenie Meyer?
If you like romance then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars. It's in the romance genre.
I don't have any information on that one. Is it a sci-fi/adventure film that interests you?
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either?
The Amazing Spider-Man is starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a historical novel.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it was written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one. Have you read it?
Yes, Stephen Covey also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You are welcome!
The only thing I know about the movie is Jerry Maguire. Have you seen it?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall. It is a mystery/crime and was released in 2012.
Jack Reacher is a Thriller. If you like Tom Cruise, you might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard. Would you like to see it?
I like him! He's a great songwriter!
Yes, I like Ziggy Marley. Did you know Kendrick Lamar is from Brazil?
Reggae is a great songwriter. I have a few of his songs. What's your favorite?
Are you a fan of animated movies? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
You might also like the movie Ratatouille. It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
It is a great movie, do you like movies starring Brad Pitt or do you like comedies?
Cool, then you will like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a Crime Thriller as well.
It's a great movie. It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That book was written by Paula McLain. It was released in 2011.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It was released in 2011.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written in English.
I like her song You Love Me. Do you like her music?
I like the song You Love Me. Do you like that one?
I don't know that, but I do like her song We Rode in Trucks. Do you know that?
Yes, I do like reality TV shows. I'm a huge television watcher like The Truman Show.
Yes, City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in Fantasy novel?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
The Mortal Instruments is part of a series called The Mortal Instruments. Anything else I can help with?
No problem!
Terry George directed the movie Wizard and Glass, have you seen it?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama.
The other Boleyn girl starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Drama.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a History Film. Do you like this genre?
Keanu Reeves starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel written by Franz Kafka. It was released in 2012.
The Castle is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre? I can tell you a little about the author.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
The Goonies, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, and The Goonies are his latest movies. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have any information on that fact at this time. Catch Me If You Can is starring Tom Hanks and Bill Pullman. Would you like some more information about this actor?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of those?
It was, it was a great movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. The Queen is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, she has written The Siren, The Selection and The Queen. Both are young-adult fiction.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Of course! Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus.
If you like that genre, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He also starred in Lolita, have you seen that?
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I have! The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan?
Yes he was, did you know Walt Frazier starred in Space Jam?
I don't know much about them either. I know a little about Ralph Fiennes, who is a point guard.
It was written by James Dashner and is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, have a great day!
Yes, I have heard of it. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Do you like X-Men because it is an action movie or because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Rosario Dawson starred in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Volcano is starring Eddie Redmayne and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like that movie?
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like his work?
Yes, she was in that movie as well! Do you like her music?
Missy Eliot is the male lead in the film. Do you know of any other legends?
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portugal national football team, do you like him?
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I am not a sports fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I am not a big American Football fan but I do enjoy watching soccer. What about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I think they have a chance. They won the Superbowl last year.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that?
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Well, you might also like Catch-22. It's a crime/thriller, written by Robert Rodriguez.
Yes! And Rachel Ticotin also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Glad I could help!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Great! I think you'll like it.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter and songwriter from Miami. Do you like his music?
I don't really follow his music. I don't really know what he sings
I haven't seen that. Is she a good singer?
Sure! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot, which was released in 2014.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction novel. Are you interested in that genre?
Speakers of the Dead is Speculative fiction and it's part of a series.
Waylander is written by George R. R. Martin.
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is an action movie or because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is an action movie?
The Princess and the Frog is written by John Green
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
The Edge of Glory was released in 1995. Did you know she is also a model?
That's right, I didn't know she was in the muppets too.
Do you like Coldplay because it is a Justin Timberlake song?
I don't know too much about this song but I do like Yellow too. Wasn't Yellow in a playlist?
Yes, they did. It was also made into a movie in Amsterdam.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
He starred in The Iceman and The Hunt for Red October. Do you like comedies?
Yes she is. She also starred in Step Brothers.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read this one?
The genre is fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he starred in Shrek 2 and he was married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Justin Timberlake is a country singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like country?
I don't have that information, but Justin Timberlake is a songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he wrote The Yellow Submarine?
It is a fiction book. Do you like that kind of book?
It was released in 2003
I agree, should definitely check it out
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama. Do you like drama?
Rise of the Guardians is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The movie Red stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like it because it's an action movie?
Yes, Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Mike Starr also starred in The Black Dahlia which is a drama, have you seen it?
Mike Starr wrote the book The Bodyguard.
Great choice, he wrote Shooter, starring Zoey Deutch. It's a great movie.
Robert De Niro and Robert Downey Jr. are the main stars.
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in the televison series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like movies starring Sofia Coppola or Robert Duvall?
You might also like Catch-22 which is a crime movie by Francis Ford Coppola.
I do not have any information on who starred in the movie.
Yes, Maleficent stars Zoey Deutch and Vanessa Redgrave. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! She was in a lot of movies. She was also in The Usual Suspects. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was Mr. Smith. Are you a Mr. Smith fan?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know Owen Wilson was in it?
Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. I think you might like That Thing You Do!, It's a very funny one!
He is on the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
He is a midfielder and he is a midfielder.
He plays on the Germany national football team. Are you a fan?
Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portugal national football team, do you like him?
It is a soccer player from Portugal. It is a very popular sport.
Yes, I believe he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
Are you looking for something similar to Edge of Tomorrow because it's a drama?
I like Bill Murray too. If you like that, you might also like Zombieland.
Ok great, have a great day!
That's a great movie! Did you know that it was written by Oscar Wilde?
I like musicals. Do you like musicals?
Then you might also like What Lies Beneath as well. It's a Mystery.
Yes, Pacifier is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Green?
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read these books?
Some of her other romance novels she wrote are What Just Happened and This Lullaby. Do either of those interest you?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend a book by Margaret Stohl if you'd like.
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Atlanta Braves.
He was born in New York City, New York City, New York City, New York City and he is the owner of the New York Yankees.
The movie was written by Craig Monahan. Would you like to see it?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that it was written by Stephen King?
I don't know what else he produced, but he was also a producer.
I am not sure, but I do know that Michael Pavone wrote a lot of movies. Would you like to know about other movies he produced?
I don't have much information on it but I do know that it is a comedy.
I haven't seen that one, isn't Michael Rapaport?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was released in 1996 and Robin Williams starred in it as well. It is a romantic comedy
No, I haven't heard of that movie. But, Matt Damon also starred in Push, Nevada.
Great, hope you enjoy them!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
I didn't realize that. I just know a little about them being on the NFC West. I like the Patriots, though.
I like the Steelers though, they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVII right?
I know that The Thorn Birds is written by Collon Powell, have you heard of this one?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's considered Children's literature.
Stephen King is the main character in The Thorn Birds.
I would recommend Witches Abroad.
You are welcome.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It is part of a series of books in that genre. Are you interested in other books by J.R. Ward?
That's right. That was also the year for that movie, have you seen Z for Zachariah? It is a classic.
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling. The Maze Runner was a great Sci-Fi novel.
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Wizard's First Rule. That was a great sci-fi novel.
Yes, I will send them to your device.
She starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Rocketman is a horror film starring Mel Gibson. It's a great movie.
I couldn't find any suggestions for another horror film, but I can find some suggestions for Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion is starring Daniel Radcliffe and was released in 2010. It has genres Thrillers, Sci-Fi and Horror.
I don't have any information on anything else she's been in, but if you like thrillers you might like Shark Night. That was a great movie.
You're welcome!
I know he's a basketball player, but I don't follow the sport. Do you like basketball?
I don't know of any others, but I do know that Dwyane Wade starred in What About Bob?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Did you know she was in the movie The Muppets also?
I haven't seen it, but I'll have to check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper was in The Muppets too?
Bradley Cooper also starred in it as well. It's definitely a good movie!
Martin Gardner starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
Essential readings for the Non-Believer is a children's literature that was released in 1963.
I don't know any other books by Victor J. Stenger, but I do know that he was influenced by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome!
The Fellowship of the Ring is a similar movie.
He was in The Good Doctor, The Return of the King, and The Good Doctor.
I couldn't find any recommendations for movies, but if you'd like something else, check out The Return of the King and The Hunger Games
You're welcome!
She's a great author! She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I do, did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
That's great! Did you know Harold Ramis was also a producer?
Eric Bress is the director of the movie The Butterfly Effect.
I am not sure, but Eric Bress was the director of The Butterfly Effect. He also wrote The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
It is a great movie! Do you like it because it is a crime movie?
The Pelican Brief is a drama/crime and was directed by John Grisham. Do you like drama?
If you like Crime Dramas, you might also like Catch-22 which is a crime/comedy film.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance movie or because it is an action movie?
If you like Young Adult films, you might also like Annie Hall or Annie Hall. Both are young adult films.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Bradley Cooper has been in quite a few movies. He was in X-Men, World War Z, and Unbreakable.
Bradley Cooper has been in lots of movies. One of them is Easy Rider, have you seen that one?
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is a book.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was released in 2012.
You might like The Scarlatti Inheritance or The Children of Men. Do either of those interest you?
Okay sure, have you heard of The Long Goodbye? It is a thriller.
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Charles Dickens wrote Lullaby.
Chuck Palahniuk wrote Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Emma.
I have not seen that movie, but I heard it was good. It stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like it?
It is a great movie. Did you know that Tate Donovan was in it?
He was also in The Truman Show. Have you seen that?
It's a great movie. Tate Donovan was also in It's a Wonderful Life.
Rocky is a Science Fiction Film written by Sylvia Plath. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might like the boxer movies like The Boxed Set, or The Legend of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is written by Sara Gruen or because it is a Romance novel?
Well, there's Something Borrowed. That's a good one.
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Age of Innocence was released in 2014.
You're welcome
Didn't he lose to Orlando Bloom? He was great in the 2008 NBA Finals.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know he won the NBA All-Rookie Team.
Yes, it was a great sport, as well as basketball. Do you like basketball?
Wow, what a great place to watch. Thanks for the info!
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is written by Mark Haddon, and it was released in 2003. Have you read it?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Do you like the movie godfather because it is a drama or crime movie?
Yes it is. It also starred Scarlett Johansson.
Apocalyps Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie.
Apocalypse Now is a good one as well. Apocalypse Now is the next in the series.
I love her music. Did you know she was in The Princess and the Frog is starring in this movie?
Of course. Other movies she starred in include The Bounty Hunter and The Cable Guy
Yes, he wrote Wildcats with Goldie Hawn.
I don't have any information on Private Benjamin but he is a Parody.
You are welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp and White Fang. Have you read them?
Underworld is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
I don't know of any other books by her, but there are some other dramas that she wrote.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies by Insomnia because it is a thriller or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
The Perfect Storm stars in the movie War. It is also a thriller. It was released in 2012. Is that what you're looking for?
I don't know when it was released, but I can recommend other action movies if you'd like.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen those?
Sure. Craig Ferguson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
Saving Grace was released in 1979. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't know too much about her but I do know that she is a tennis player from Romania.
Not much either but I do know that Simona Halep is a Romanian professional tennis player too.
Wow. I didn't know a lot about tennis either. I think Serena is also a tennis player too.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Yeah, that is right. I liked Tuesday Night Football as well. Do you know who he is?
I believe it is a book called A Good Day to Die Hard. I do not know what genre it is.
127 Hours is a Comedy/crime/comedy film. Other movies that I can recommend are; The Return, The Long Dark Tea-Time, and The Lake House.
127 Hours is a Thriller. Other Thriller examples are Zodiac, You've Been Warned and Wild Ones.
If you like James Franco, you might also like X-Men 2, or The Incredible Hulk.
The Wrestler is written by Vince Flynn, who also wrote Wreck-It Ralph.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't really follow him. Are you a fan?
No, I don't really follow soccer. Are you a fan?
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan myself. Are you a fan?
Yes, it's written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Would you like to know more about it?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read any of these?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Glad to be of help
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan. It is a Science Fiction novel. Do you like reading those types of books?
Yes, J.M. Barrie is a great author. J.M. Barrie also wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel
Are you looking for anything else I can help you with?
Sure! It's a fantasy book.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a children's literature that was released in 1904.
The Sea Wolf is a young adult fiction novel written by the same author.
Richard Pevear wrote асска и овести.
That book was also written by Richard Pevear. Did you know Eecbl was released in 1985?
I'm not sure what genre Eecbl is in, but Richard also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods is written by James Dashner. Have you seen it?
Yes, she wrote that as well as The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch. Do you like her work?
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson because it is a thriller?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like it because it is a adventure movie or because it is an action movie?
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is an action movie?
Sure, he's done some great movies. He's been in a lot of great movies including The Dark Knight, The Hunt for Red October, and The Shining
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
That was a great year for movies. A Scanner Darkly was released as well as Superman Returns.
Have you seen The Blind Side? It's a great movie.
I would recommend A Christmas Carol, a very good one. Also, the same year White Fang.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to send it to you?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Venus is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I do not follow tennis but I do know that Venus is also ranked in the world No. 1 in singles
I only know that Serena is also a female tennis player as well.
Yes, Green Lantern is a superhero film starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like superhero movies?
Woman in Gold is a Romantic Comedy starring Hugh Jackman. It is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, she was in The Other Boleyn Girl with Scarlett Johansson.
Do you like that movie because it is a Mystery or because it is a Mystery?
It was directed by Guillermo del Toro, and released in 2014.
It stars Mindy Kaling and Emma Stone.
I don't know what year it came out. Sorry.
Yes, it was a great movie! Did you know it was written by Michael Dougherty?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You've Got Mail has a genre of Comedy-drama, are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, Tom Hanks is in it too. He's a great actor.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises, or The Dark Knight Rises?
I'm sorry what else can i answer for you today?
what else can i answer for you today?
Sure! Do you like Marley & Me, because it is a Mystery movie?
It is, it is also a Romantic Comedy. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is starring Brad Pitt, Ella Enchanted, and Marley & Me.
okok, have a good day.
Yes, that is correct. It was also written by Daniel Handler.
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
I haven't read Outlander, but I know that it was written by William Nicholson.
Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Fiery Cross. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I'm not sure of any other books by her but I do know that she wrote The Virgin Suicides which is a historical novel.
My Own Heart's Blood is the first book in the Outlander series. Drums of Blood is the second book in the Outlander series.
I think he is a great football player, did you know he is from Brazil?
I don't really follow soccer. I don't follow the sport. How about you?
I think so. Did you know Hayden Panettiere also starred in The Titans?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
It's considered a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't have any information on where he's starred, but Roland Emmerich also directed Independence Day.
Peter Scolari directed Wyatt Earp. He also starred in the movie, Have you seen that movie?
I love Madonna! I loved her in Who's That Girl. What about you?
I like Selena Gomez. She is a great songwriter.
Michael Jackson is a favorite. I like him in the Harry Potter series, did you know he was friends with Sean Penn?
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do like the New York Jets. Do you like Football?
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know they're coached by Jim Caldwell
I do know that the New York Jets is a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, Guy Ritchie is a director. He wrote Snatch and , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
It is a mystery starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written and directed by David Ayer.
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have heard of BTS. It starred Scream 4 and Keanu Reeves. Do you like them?
I haven't heard much about them, but I do like their music. Do they have a favorite team?
It's a great song! It's a very popular one!
Stefan Kapicic is a great actor. He was in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
He starred in 8 mile. That's a good movie.
That's right. I think Snoop Dogg is friends with Snoop Dogg, did you know he was with Paul McCartney?
Yes, he did compose it, it's a really good movie! I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and also stars Billie Leter and Miranda Richardson.
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
I don't have any information on Time Bandits. However, I do know she was also in Django Unchained.
Sure! Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote Tuck Everlasting. You might like that one as well.
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Little Friend.
Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but you might like Catching Fire. It's a thriller that stars Harrison Ford.
Yes, Dwayne Johnson is in that movie. He was also in Wilder Napalm. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but if you like action movies you might like Catch-22.
I think he is a Cricket player, do you follow that sport?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan?
Yes, I am a huge football fan. What about you?
I hope the Eagles win again that's what the team is looking for!
Sure! She starred in The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life.
Yes, she was in that as well. She also starred in Space Jam. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, is there anything else I can help you with?
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It is a Romantic Comedy
Stan Lee was written by J.K. Rowling. He was born in 1944.
Yes, she was in a lot of movies. She was in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, Jorja Fox wrote the movie Memento. She also wrote the movie Memento.
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight, which is a horror movie.
Added to the watch list.
I'm not really a Packers fan, but I do like their coach Mike McCarthy.
I like the Kansas City Chiefs, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
They were the runner ups in the Super Bowl XLVIII. I think the New England Patriots will be playing this season.
I don't think so. I'm more of a Bears fan myself.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one yet?
Did you know Victor Hugo also wrote The Day After Tomorrow, The Day After Tomorrow, or The Time Machine?
Yes, Victor Hugo also wrote Xenocide, World Without End, and Wolves of the Calla.
Do you like Deadpool because it is a superhero movie or because it is a superhero movie?
Zach Galifianakis is one of the starring actors in that movie.
Deadpool was released in 2012. It's a Fantasy/Comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Belgium national football team. Are you a football fan?
I like football but I prefer American Football. How about you?
Thanks for the info! I'm a huge fan!
I didn't know she was in that movie anymore, but I remember her in Princess Protection Program.
I don't remember seeing him in that movie, but I do like his movies. Who do you like about him?
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
It's a great movie! It was written by John Green and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of this genre?
Didn't John C. O'Brien star in it?
That's a great movie! Did you know that Will Ferrell was also starring in the comedy Friends with Benefits?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is the same year as The Tragedie of Macbeth.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is genre Fiction.
That is correct. He was influenced by John Tragedy of Macbeth.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, and The King's Speech. Have you seen any of these?
King's Speech is a drama and was directed by Tom Hooper. Did you know he also starred in The King's Speech?
The King's Speech was released in 2005 and was written by Tom Hooper.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that. I think the Panthers are doing well this season though.
That's right. He also coached the Denver Broncos.
Both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta are in it. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I love Rihanna. Did you see her in the movie Remember Me, My Love?
Natalie Portman also starred in it. It was a good movie.
I like Liam Neeson. He was also in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
I know AB de Villiers is a singer, songwriter and musician from Paris. Do you like his music?
I don't know about tennis. Are you a fan?
I do as well.
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know Johnny Depp stars in it?
Yes he was, did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary?
Yes, I have seen it. I am a huge fan of his.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Are you interested in the author J.K. Rowling? She wrote the whole harry potter series.
Have you read J. K. Rowling's entire Harry Potter series?
Do you like the movie because it is a romance movie or because it is an action movie?
The Polar Express is a great sci-fi movie you might enjoy
Yes, she was in that movie as well
I don't have any information on that, but some other science fiction movies are; The Return of the Living Dead, The Return of the Native
Some other adventure movies are; The Road to El Dorado, The Iron Giant, and The Time Machine
I'm not sure, but some other adventure movies I can recommend are; The Chronicles of Narnia, The Return of the Native
Sure! He wrote Wizard and Glass, The Graveyard Book and Wizard and Glass, to name a few.
Yes. Dave McKean wrote it. It is a fantasy novel.
Yes, that is a great book. He also wrote "The Graveyard Book" and "The Shining."
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes.Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom.Do you like Winston Groom movies?
I don't really follow them, but I do like their coach Lovie Smith.
My favorite team is the Patriots
I'm not sure, but he's a forward
They are not doing well this year
I don't know too much about her but I do like the song Leeds. Do you like her?
I think I saw her in Battleship, didn't she star in it?
I didn't know that, wasn't Skarsgard Neeson was in the movie?
Yes, he wrote Desperado. Are you a fan of his work?
yes he was. he was also in Desperado. have you seen it?
i'm not sure what is her singles. do you like?
I would recommend Villette and Shirley. Have you read those?
It's a pretty old book. It was actually made into a movie starring Anne Hathaway. Are you familiar with her work?
Here it is. I highly recommend it!
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo. It was released in 1844 and is written by Robin Buss
Robin Buss also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and it has a genre of Thriller.
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel. Are you looking for other books by St. John Mandel?
Of course, Emily St. Mandel wrote Into the Wild and Last Night at Cheteau Marmont. Have you read them?
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Yes I am, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan?
Yes, I do. Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Do you like dramas?
Yes, that is a great book. Do you know if I can suggest some of Rick Yancey's works?
Sure, he wrote X-Men: First Class and he also wrote The Wolverine. Have you read them yet?
King Richard the Second is written by Maurice Hindle
It was released in 1599
The book was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Well, if you haven't seen them I recommend The Notebook. It's a classic romance film.
Yea, it was written by Sara Gruen and stars Samuel L. Jackson and Rupert Graves.
Of course!
I have not read it but heard it was good. It is a good book.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2015
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is a good one too.
Do you like Batman Begins because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a thriller.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham. Are you interested in other books by Grisham ?
You might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It was written by John Grisham and released in 2010.
Great. You might also like The Rainmaker or The Long Dark Tears of the Giraffe.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Are you looking for recommendations?
Yes, he wrote it as well. Do you like his writing?
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
Robert also wrote the Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
She also wrote the Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Are you a J. K. Rowling fan? If so I would recommend The Chronicles of Narnia.
it is science fiction
harry potter and the order of phoenix
they are listed in the speculative fiction genre
your welcome
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey?
Yes, Simmons wrote it.
The Son of Sobek is a good one.
I do, he's a great actor. He was in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
That is a great movie! I think you'll really enjoy it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he's a Point Guard. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
I like the Golden State Warriors, who won the NBA All-Rookie Team
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Are they a singer?
I don't really know anything about the music. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really follow her music. I think I'm more into dance music.
It is a great book written by Gail Carson Levine and is a great Speculative fiction book.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1991. It is a very good read!
I would recommend World Without End, it is a very good book.
That was a great book, written by Barbara Kingsolver. I think you'll really enjoy it.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper is a Sci-Fi film written by Scott Wester. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That is correct. anything else i can answer for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind was written by Margaret Atwood, who also wrote Something Borrowed. Have you seen it?
Well, he directed a great movie called A Beautiful Mind. He also directed it. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Goldwyn. Would you like to know more about it?
He also wrote The Bourne Legacy and The Shawshank Redemption.
Sure, Someone Like You is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome
It was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.D. Salinger?
Yes, I have franny and zooey it was released in 1961
Enjoy your reading
I don't know much about him other than he is a football player
It was released in 2004. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes it is. Virginia Woolf is a great actress. Do you like her movies?
I think you'd like The Shadowhunter's Codex. It's in the drama genre.
Emma is a romance novel written by Fiona Stafford. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of these interest you?
It is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help!
It is a sports team based in England. It is a sports team.
They're 4th in the NFC south right? I think Mike McCarthy coaches them.
I'm a Packers fan. I'm the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great movie. Did you know Wally Lamb was written by Wally Lamb?
I Know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel written by Wally Lamb. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
The Beginner's Goodbye is a great novel. I highly recommend it.
You are welcome
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in Miami, Florida. They won the Super Bowl XVII right?
Not really, I am more of a Bears fan myself.
I'm not a Packers fan, but the Patriots have been having a good season this year.
Do you like the movie because it is a crime fiction?
The main star in that movie is Steven Spielberg, do you like his movies?
I'm not sure what year it was released. Jurassic Park is a great movie with the same name. Jurassic Park is another good one too.
You're welcome!
I do, did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus?
Yes Victoria Justice is a very good sitcom. She also starred in Tropic Thunder which was a very good movie.
I forgot about that one, but I like Scarlett Johansson who starred in it.
Yes, she was in it too. She has a lot of people like Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez
I know that Downfall is written by George R.R. Martin and it is a War film. Do you like War films?
Windtalkers was written by Richard Condon. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
The genre is Speculative fiction and Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have you read Wreck-It Ralph or The Fault in Our Stars?
Sure! I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Daniel Hennesy and a Speculative fiction.
Yes, Wreck-It Ralph has genre Thriller, sci-fi, comedy, and adventure.
Yes! That is a great movie. Did you know that Mindy Kaling starred in it?
Apparently, Mindy Kaling was a voice actor, he has starred in Wreck It Ralph.
Glad I could help!
The Miami Dolphins, a professional American football team based in Miami, Florida. They are runner up in the Super Bowl XVII right?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Richardson.
Tony Romo is a great head coach! Did you know he's from San Francisco?
Yes, Wes Anderson wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen this movie yet?
Owen Wilson plays the role of The Royal Tenenbaums. Mr. Wilson is also a film.
I agree, but I don't have any other suggestions about movies.
Justin Rose is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I don't know a lot about him except that he has a record label with the Golden Compass.
I don't know a lot about golf but I do know he's married to Cameron Diaz.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she wrote The Wool Cap, which was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure what year it was released, but I do know it was released in 1932.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Isaiah Thomas was an American professional basketball player a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't know, but he is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I am a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Michael Mann directed The Big Lebowski. Have you seen that movie yet?
Sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a thriller.
Yes, it's a very good movie. It's starring Bill Murray and Jason Statham.
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Do you like her books?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Did you know that she also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun?
Is there anything else I can help with?
She's a great singer. Did you know she was in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
Did you see her in the movie The Lorax?
Didn't she star in other movies as well?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are coached by Jim Caldwell.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that Tomlin was in The Patriots.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those yet?
I don't know any other books by her, but you might enjoy Shadowland.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad to be of help
James Rodriguez is a Columbian footballer. He is a midfielder. Do you like football?
Do you prefer American football?
I don't really follow him, but I do like Radamel Falcao. He is a great Midfielder.
Yes, it is a great movie. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, if you like drama, you might also like Step Brothers. It's a comedy.
Well, if you like drama, you might also like Catch-22. It's a classic.
You're welcome
John Tiffany starred in The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty. Have you seen those?
Yes, she did write it too. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend some other movies if you like.
Well, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Keira Knightley and Hermann Hesse.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
The Bourne Identity starring Matt Damon is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tony Gilroy?
The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity Thiemacy is Thriller, The Bourne Legacy
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information when it was written.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line and Kate & Leopold, are you interested in any of them?
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. That was a great movie. I highly recommend it.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Johnny Cash won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
I don't know of any other romance films, but I do know that Johnny Cash also wrote Walk the Line. Did you know he was also born in Nashville?
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the author or the genre?
Go Set a Watchman is another book by the same author.
Great, I will add it to your reading list. I hope you enjoy it!
Jason Cope starred in District 9 which is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Spud is a comedy drama
I don't know, but Jason Cope starred in the movie Spud
John Travolta is in that movie
Yes, he directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Chris
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a drama and The Last Tempest is starring Billy Crystal.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Other Guys, The Hangover, The Other Guys, The Hangover. Have you read any of these?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The Other Guys is starring Rob Riggle. Would you like to know more about it?
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Ned Bellamy was in The Shawshank Redemption too. Are you a fan of The Shawshank Redemption?
Yes, Jonathan Hyde is a great actor. He also starred in The Green Mile which is a drama
You are very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Blood Diamond is an action movie starring Charlize Theron. Do you like action movies?
The only thing I know about the movie is Jerry Maguire. Have you seen it?
Did you see him in The Aviator, or The Aviator?
I am not sure, but I know it was written by George Clooney, and its a great movie!
I agree! James Cameron also starred in The Aviator, which is a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 stars Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Well, 50/50 is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like me to send it to you?
I haven't seen that movie, but I heard it was good. It also stars Vanessa Fertilio.
Anything else I can help with?
I'm not a basketball fan. Are they a good team?
The Washington Wizards are a basketball team owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, I did. Didn't Stephen Dorff also star in Nanking?
I do! She wrote The Little House Collection. Have you read it?
The Long Winter was released in 1953. It is a romance novel.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Witches Abroad.
I'll have to check that out.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
Do you like drama? If you like drama, I recommend The Future of Us.
If you like that novel, you might also enjoy A Prayer for the Dying.
I don't have any information on any other plays, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
It was directed by David Levithan. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 1988 and is a drama.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. I'm not sure about Jay Leno, but I know he was also a director.
The Pacifier was released in 1996 and is considered a Romance Film.
Great! You're welcome.
It's a fashion comedy. Do you like comedies?
The main characters are Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series, Have you seen it yet?
Directed by Vince Flynn
It was written by Sara Gruen
Great, hope you enjoy it
Sure! She starred in a couple of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a variety of movies. What type of movies do you like? She's been in a lot of movies.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C.. Do you like football?
Yes, they are very good. The team overall is the runner-up in the UEFA Champions League.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder.
Robert Rodriguez starred in Johnny Depp. He is also from Columbia.
Yes, it stars a few big actors like Will Smith, Chris Hemsworth, and Robert Downey Jr.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks. Do you like James Brooks?
That movie was released in 2014. James Brooks also directed Terms of Endearment. Would you like to know more about it?
It was released in 1999 and is an Action/Adventure movie
Glad I could help
I don't know much about them. I think they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though, did you know that?
I am more of an American Football fan myself.
Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
That's right! Did you know she was born in London?
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
He was born in London. He was actually born in Rochester.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and The Notebook. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2003 in English language.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks was influenced by Stephen King.
Yes, he was. He was a screenwriter as well.
Tony Hendra was a comedian and a director as well. He was born in Delhi and he is known for The Wedding.
You too!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
I'm not sure, there is a sequel. Pulp Fiction is written by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well. She was also in it.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help!
Sin City was written by Robert Rodriguez. Did you know Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez?
Sin City is a Thriller that was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Would you like to know more about Robert Rodriguez?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Robert Rodriguez and was written by John Lee Hanks.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it was and it was directed by David Benioff.
Yes, it was written by David Benioff. It is a Romance/Comedy.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Christina Lamb, would you like to know more about her?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a graphic novelist, based on science fiction.
Yes, The Pilgrimage is a theater movie starring George Orwell.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you if you'd like to read Peter Pan, which is a mystery.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in reading it?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925. It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in watching it?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was also released in 1925. It's a drama.
George A. Romero is the Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was released in 1925. It's a great book.
I love it! It's a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. Have you seen it?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Charlotte Bronte is also a screenwriter. She wrote Villette.
Villette is in the genre of Gothic Fiction and Social Criticism. Is that what you are looking for?
Glad I could help!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye which is a Young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is a Children's literature.
Yes, Marc Webb starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. He also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, J. K. Rowling, and Robert Downey Jr. just to name a few.
Great! I hope you like it!
I think he is a good singer
AB de Villiers played cricket too. He is a great player though.
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
Glad I could help
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was made into a movie?
Some other great Disney movies I recommend are The Golden Compass and The Princess Diaries.
That's right. I think you'll really enjoy it!
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by John Green based on a comic strip.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Jack London also wrote Call of the Wild. He also wrote Call of the Wild.
It looks like To Build a Fire was released in 1909. It's a great book.
Yes, Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire. It was released in 2011. Are you familiar with his work?
Walking Disaster was a great book. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I think you might enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice. It was released in 2011 with the same year as Beautiful Oblivion.
Enjoy!
Have a great day!
Jennifer Lawrence has starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of her?
Yes, Robert De Niro was in it
Meet the Parents is a comedy also starring Eddie Redmayne and Eddie Redmayne
Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. I think the Cardinals are doing well this season though.
The Bears are a good team. Did you watch the Superbowl last season?
I'm not really a fan of the Cowboys. I think the Saints have a good season this year. Who is your favorite team?
That book is written by Toni Morrison. what else can i do for you today?
If you like Tombstone, you might like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's very good!
I don't have any information on that, but I can recommend some other action movies if you like.
I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus?
I don't care much for her music, but I do like her song Tina Wilson. It is a nice song.
Yes, I like that movie too. It was written by Nicolas Sparks. It was a great movie.
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
He also wrote The Notebook and The Time Machine. Both are very good reads.
The Notebook was made into a movie. I'm not sure of the other book, but The Notebook was made into a movie.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Wild Life, The Three Musketeers, and Leslie Bibb just to name a few.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
Yes, it is. It's about a girl who runs a horse.
Matthew Macfadyen stars in it.
I'm not sure, but I think you'd like to check it out.
I don't know any other movies she's starred in.
Sure, will do.
Did you like it because it was written by Gary Scott Thompson or because it is an adventure movie?
I don't know any other movies by the same writer, but you might like Catch-22 which is an action movie
The Fast and the Furious is staring Vin Diesel
Your Welcome
Do you like War Z because it is a crime movie or because it is an action movie?
World War Z was written by Max Brooks, who also wrote The Return of the Native.
I have not seen it but I heard it was good. It was written by Frank Miller.
Frank Millier also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
Sure, he also starred in Step Brothers and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Anything else I can help with?
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The mythology of Cat's Cradle is the next in the series to Cat's Cradle.
I'm not sure, but you might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard yes he is okay
I didn't know that. I don't really follow basketball, but I know he was in the movie Space Jam
Wasn't he on that team as well?
I don't know too much about him but I know he is friends with Miley Cyrus.
I don't know any other song writers but I do know Sam Smith wrote The Lady in the Water.
yes that is true. did you know Sam Smith won the Academy of Music Award for Record of the Year?
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do like their coach Mike Woodson.
I didn't know that, but I do know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by Jerry Bruckheimer. Did you know that?
I think the Philadelphia sports teams are doing well this season. I am a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced American Pie. Would you like to see it?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I did not, it was a crime thriller. Do you like crime thrillers?
I don't like him as an actor. I am a Zodiac fan. He was also in The Dark Knight.
I'm not sure, but he was in The Dark Knight, which starred Robert Downey Jr. as well.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that. I think Philadelphia 76ers were the runner-up in the NBA Finals?
I didn't realize it, but I've seen a few things like The Running Man and The Rockets.
I didn't know that! I'm a huge fan of the Golden State Warriors.
Madame Bovary was written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, it was. It was originally published in 1856. It's a Romance novel.
I'm not sure what genre this book is by. However, I can recommend a classic, The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Would you like to hear more about the author?
You're welcome!
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Are you interested in this movie?
Kevin Spacey wrote that. He also starred in Pretty Little Liars.
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, which is a great movie you might like
Yeah, she is. Did you know she is also a Celebrity?
I do, did you know she is also a model?
I'm not sure about that. I think she's married to Serena Williams.
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
I don't know about all the movies he directed, but I do know he wrote Alien :)
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Ridley Scott, it is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any more information about Mark Wahlberg, but he did write Alien: The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas.
Sure, have a good day
Shakira has released a new album, have you heard it?
Shakira is starring in Time of Cholera. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm not sure, but I know she was also a judge on The Voice.
I love Coraline! I love all of the James Bond movies. Do you like James Bond?
I don't have any information on the genre but I do know that Coraline was released in 1985 and is a drama. Do you enjoy watching drama?
Well, if you like horror, you might also enjoy Stardust or War of the Worlds. It is also a very good movie.
Wicked City was written by John Grogan and is a Speculative fiction.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote X-Men: First Class
It was released in 1996
Your welcome
Have a great day
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend Something Borrowed if you're interested.
I don't know of any other romance novels by him, but if you're interested in some other romance novels, I recommend The Notebook.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read that one yet?
That's right. It's one of the classics by Tom Quirk.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is! It is considered Children's Literature and is considered children's literature.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Go, Dog, Go. I highly recommend it.
Sure! He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of it?
Surviving Picasso is a satire. Do you like that genre?
Some of the starring actors in Surviving Picasso include Philip Rey, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Philip Seymour Hoffman
Sure! He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes, The Godfather Part II is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle has directed a lot of movies. He also directed Young Frankenstein. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in Trance, Trainspotting was a great movie. He was also in Django Unchained. He was also in it, too.
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is a Romantic Comedy. Would you like to see it?
Brad Pitt starred in the movie Troy, have you seen that?
He is in X-Men: First Class
Troy is a fantasy movie
Tracie Thoms is also in that movie
your welcome
That was a great movie by J.R.R. Tolkien, have you seen that?
Yes, Chris Evans starred in What About Bob? which is a Science Fiction/ Adventure film.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really follow soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Similar authors to Philip Pullman is Oliver Platt. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Invisible Man. It is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Die Verwandlung is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Mark Boal, who also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Mike Colter starred in Zero Dark Thirty, have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache is in The Psychological Thriller. Did you know that?
Yeah, I think Mike Colter starred in it as well.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Casino Royale is starring Rory Deutch and Robert De Niro.
It is not a new movie but it was directed by Robert Wade.
Yes, it was. It was directed by Robert Wade.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it starred Jim Sturgess or because it was a Sci-Fi?
Tom Tykwer starred in The Exorcist, The Name of the Wind, and The Legend of Tarzan.
Charlize Theron has been in a number of movies. She was in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies.
You're welcome
Charlize Theron is also in the sci-fi genre.
Sure! Did you enjoy that movie because it stars Sean Connery or because it is a thriller?
Right off the top of my head!
There's a lot of movies that you might like like like X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel.
Yes, The Day of the Jackal was a horror novel. Another good one you might enjoy is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read either of those?
Well, Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, who also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well, it was released in 1817. It's considered a Romance Novel.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Have you seen it?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Attack of the Clones. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't know what other actor he is in, but you might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Van Helsing, and many more.
I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed the movie True Grit. Did you see it?
Well, if you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
I do not have any information on who directed it, but he directed it.
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy drama film starring Kevin Spacey.
The Game of Their Lives is starring Angelo Pizzo. He also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
I know that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
That's right! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. Have you been to the Super Bowl?
Thank you for the information! I hope you have a great day!
I do not really follow the sport but I do know that she is a very good athlete
I like basketball and my favorite team is the Denver Broncos
I'm a Denver Broncos fan, but I'm a Dodgers fan.
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, that is correct. It also starred Scream 3.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Stephen Fry and Rupert Graves are starring in V for Vendetta.
It is a science fiction movie, similar to World War Z.
Yes, cornelia Funki also wrote Tintenblut and it was released in 2003. Do you like the genre or the author or the genre?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenblut.
Cinderella is a Science Fiction novel.
King Kong was written by HG Wells and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Are you a fan of adventure movies?
Naomi Watts has starred in such movies as King Kong and the sequel King Kong. Are you interested in romance genre?
The Painted Veil is a historical period drama and was directed by Stephen King. Would you like to know more about it?
Glad I could help.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Do you like Comedy?
Yes, Express Heartfelt Commitment is a song that has genre Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about her, but I know she wrote The Five Love Languages of Children.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i answer for you?
I like him, he was in a movie called Fatherland
I don't know much about him, other than he is a musician
I agree, is there anything else I can help you with?
She's been in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
I do not have that information
I do not have that information
I do not have that information
I don't have that information right now
That movie stars Christian Bale, Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale.
American Hustle is a crime movie. Do you like crime movies?
John Green is the author of the book. Do you like the book?
I don't have any information on the author but I do have good information about the author Woody Herman.
You're welcome
I think Washington Redskins is a good football team. I think Mike Shanahan is the head coach.
Do you like the Oakland Raiders? I think Mike Shanahan is a good coach
I love Tennis too! Do you know anything about it?
Did you like the movie because it was a romance or because it stars Olivia Wilde?
Are you interested in other books by Tammara Webber, or do you like romance novels?
Tammara Webber wrote Easy. Would you like to know more about her books?
Tammara Webber wrote Easy. Would you like to know more about her books?
Between the Lines has genre Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Have a great day!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen that?
Some of the stars include Emile Durkheim and Marcia DeBonis.
I don't know any other films he's been in but I do know that he also starred in The Good German.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
That was released in V for Vendetta in 2004. It's a science fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
It's considered a Gothic fiction as well as historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
The Eye if the World is a Fantasy novel written by Robert Jordan. Do you like Fantasy?
Sure. Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and When You Reach Me.
Rules of attraction was released in 2001 and it's considered a historical period drama.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre Young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Posthumous Papers, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
That's very cool. It was influenced by Charles Dickens and Robert Louis Stevenson.
That is correct. Charles Dickens was influenced by Charles Dickens as well. Did you know that?
That is correct. Gwyneth Paltrow was also a great movie. Enjoy!
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Yes, he was. He was also the producer for The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in that movie.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a great book that he wrote.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Harry porter and the fantasy genre is Harry porter. You should check it out.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. He is the author of the book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by JK Rowlings. It is a Speculative fiction.
Yes. If you like that one, you might also like The Casual Vacancy. That's a great movie.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a crime/comedy film.
Have you seen State of the Union? It's a crime drama.
You're welcome!
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am a fan of the Spanish soccer team. Did you know Andrés is from Spain?
Wasn't he also the captain of the Spain national football team?
Another movie similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004 and it also stars Todd Phillips.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen starred in Midnight in Paris. Do you like his movies?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like murder mystery as well. If you like murder mystery, you might also like You, Me, Dupree and X-Men.
That is a good one. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Sure, Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner. He also wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Persuasion was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know who wrote Persuasion?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and starred by Michael Markowitz.
I don't know about that, but Michael Markowitz starred in Monsters, Inc. He's a producer.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also starred in Beyond the Sea. He's a great actor.
He is a great tennis player. Did you know he is from Switzerland?
Not much, I am more of a soccer fan myself. Did you know Wawrinka is from Switzerland?
I don't know much about tennis though, what sport do you like?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy novel. Do you enjoy this genre?
I don't know of any other books written by Cornelia Funke, but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
No, I haven't read any of her books. Are you interested in reading some of her books?
Gary Paulsen wrote The Titan's Curse and The Last Stand. Have you read those yet?
The River is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World Without End. They are bothThrillers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Real Steel starred Matt Damon and was written by Shawn Levyn. Do you like that one?
I don't have that information, but Evangeline Lilly produced that movie.
Did you like the Untouchables because it was written by Sean Connery or because it stars Sean Connery?
Great. You might like Lock, Stock, or Two Smoking Barrels or Mr. Ripley.
Great. Hope you enjoy it
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you might also like Catch-22. It's a great movie.
I think he's a great football player, he's a forward, right?
Yes, he is
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, have you heard of it?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he is a football player. Do you like him?
No, I didn't know that. I know he was also a musician.
I'm not familiar with Bojan Krks, but he has a lot of football teams as well.
Yeah, I think he was a midfielder as well.
I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss. It is a great book.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear. He also wrote The Name of the Wind.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a fantasy novel
You're welcome
I know it was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote the book The Selection?
The Siren is a film. Kiera Cass also wrote The Selection and The One. Have you seen either?
Kierra Cass also wrote The Siren and The Lighthouse. Have you read either of those?
The Guard was produced by Mark Twain, and he produced The Selection.
His genre is Rhythm and Blues. Do you like music?
Do you like that movie because it stars Justin Timberlake or because it is a Biographical Film?
Jesse Eisenberg was in What About Bob. Did you see that?
It's a great movie! Did you know Aaron Sorkin was influenced by William H. Macy?
You're welcome
I do. Did you know Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson?
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
If you like that genre, you might also like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I haven't seen that movie, but I did enjoy it. Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in a lot of movies. My favorite is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in that movie.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken A World War II Story. Are you interested in this one?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is written by Ron Clements or because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and Richard Donner. Ron Clements also wrote The Gathering Storm. Are you a fan?
The Lion King was released in 2015. It's considered a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises and The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Place Beyond the Pines to name a few.
It was written by Ernest Hemingway.
Happy to help!
OK. Have a good day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a quarterback
I like him too. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
yea have you seen a lot of movies like Young Buck
Yes, Stephen Root is a great children's literature written by Maurice Sendak. Have you read it?
I don't have any information on that, but I can find some other movies starring Stephen Root if you like.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you White Oleander is a Science Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
I don't have that information, but A Grief Observed was released in 1950.
I think that's a great book! Did you know that The Weight of Glory was written by Richard Kelly?
I'm sure you'll love it!
Sure, he is an actor who starred in The A-Team. He's a great actor!
I don't know a lot. I think Mike Woodson is their coach. Do you like him?
Yes, I've been there a long time since Madison Square Garden was a great movie. Did you see that?
That is a great place to start. There are a lot of sports you enjoy, like the Whites and the Washington Redskins.
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, have you read this one yet?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 1995.
You are welcome.
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but I do know that it was written by Sarah Silverman
Yes, John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was a mini-series.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which was a mini-series.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he is a soccer player. Are you a fan?
Isn't he from Germany? I didn't know that.
I don't know much about it, but I do know he is from Germany.
I agree! He has a great stats. I think he is from Germany.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Rango is a western starring Jon Favreau. Would you like to hear about other westerns he wrote?
You are welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The genre is Thriller
I don't know, but Jonathan Nolan wrote The Prestige
Memento stars Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon also starred in Wilder Napalm which is a horror film
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
I am not sure, but The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy as is The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, Voyager is a fantasy novel. Other books in the same genre include The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Silence of the Lambs.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is the author of The Sea of Monsters.
I don't know of any other romance novels by Diana Gabaldon, but I do know she also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is part of a series.
You are welcome!
Allegiant is the latest one, but it was written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his?
The Holiday was released in 1996, the same year The Holiday was released.
The genre is Thriller, Sci-Fi and was released in 2012.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she did. She also starred in The Wedding Date.
Yes, WALLE is a great children's movie written byALLE.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class are some of my favorites.
The Last Stand is a great sci-fi movie. It's a great sci-fi.
I'm not sure- but I can tell you more about the X-Men movies.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Brett Ratner, who also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
That's a great movie! It was released in 2010. It's a great movie!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, it is young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
You might also like the book When You Reach Me written by Sarah Dessen. It's also considered children's literature.
Of course, some other young adult fiction books you might enjoy include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those yet?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a children's literature that is classified as children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
It is written by Katherine Paterson. It is also considered Children's literature.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I know it is starring George Clooney. Are you a fan?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Awesome! I hope you like it!
Robert Lewandowski is a winger for the Poland national football team. Do you like football?
I am a huge football fan. I prefer American Football.
I like SC Freiburg because he is a great player as well!
Paul Sorvino has starred in movies such as; The Rocketeer, The Stuff, and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban
It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. He was also in The Prisoner of Zenda. Have you seen it?
Sure. Jack Thorne also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
Have you read Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is a Romance Novel.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that China Dolls was influenced by China Dolls.
You are very welcome!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Grindhouse was written by Robert Rodriguez, who also wrote Grindhouse. Would you like to know more about that?
It is a crime/comedy film starring Robert De Niro.
Flickan som lekte med elden is written by Stieg Larsson
I don't know any other books by Steig Larsson, but I do know he wrote The Girl Who Was on Fire.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/fantasy book that was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Michael Parks is a Thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like Thrillers?
Wicked is a Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
That's a great book! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
That's a great book! It was released in 1975. Did you know it was made into a movie?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
He is a great basketball player, did you know he is from Oklahoma City?
I don't know anything about Michael Jordan, but I heard he was good. He was in Space Jam. What genre do you like?
I love Ghostbusters! Do you know of any other movie that he starred in?
Yes, he did. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with William Peterson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was in A Man Apart. He was also in The Fast and the Furious.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more!
Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in What Lies Beneath as well. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did, he was also a director
Yes, its a great movie. You should definitely watch it. It's a very good movie.
Do you like them because they are a football team or because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not a big football fan, but I do like the QBs. Eli Manning.
I'm not sure, but I do like action movies like Shutter Island. Have you seen that?
Yes, The Paris Wife was written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
Circling the Sun was written by Paula McLain, who also wrote Circling the Sun.
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Do you like Psychological Thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Action is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars was directed by Josh Boone. Did you know that he wrote The Fault in Our Stars?
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is a Romantic Comedy.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola. It's a great movie.
Yes, We Were Soldiers was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a great war movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Tammara Webber wrote Easy. Would you like to know more of her books?
Where You Are was released in 1995.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK then. He starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, and Tuck Everlasting. Do you like any of those genres?
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in Zero Dark Thirty, The Gun, and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen any of these?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Comedy-drama, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Terry Pratchet wrote it. He's a graphic novelist who wrote it.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
It is a action film, Yaphet Kotto is a great actor. You might also like the Harry Potter series.
Some other action movies you might like are The Running Man and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know that Hush is written by David Sedaris and has a genre of Drama. Are you a fan of that?
Some of her other books include What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day and The Memory Keeper. Do either of those interest you?
You are welcome! It was released in 2012 and is a film. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Jeannette Wells. It is considered a memoir.
The Glass Castle is a book written by Jeannette Walls.
The Silver Castle was released in 2005
Your Welcome
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and starred in it.
Yes, you're right. John Carpenter wrote that as well. He also wrote The Cabin in the Woods.
Yes, that was a great movie. He was in it, too. He's such a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of things. I like The Fifty Shades of Grey.
I sure can! She wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power, to name a few.
I don't know of any other books by her, but I do know that Byrne was influenced by Rachel Byrne. Are you a fan of hers?
He wrote The Secret which was released in 2005 and is a non-fiction.
John Ratzenberger starred in The Patriot, The First Man, and The Patriot. Have you seen any of those?
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy that was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy that also stars Patton Oswalt.
Your welcome!
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze.
The BFG is a good one. It was written by Rick Riordan.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is written by Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
Did you know that was also made into a movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
That's great. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Mark Haddon was written by James Dashner. It's a mystery/crime movie. Do you like mystery movies?
Yes, it was directed by Richelle Mead. Do you like books by this author?
Yes he did, he was also a producer.
Glad I could help!
Sure! He wrote Here Comes the Boom, which was written by Coraci. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Zoolander. Kevin James was also in that movie.
I don't think so, but Kevin James also starred in Zoolander. It's a comedy.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in America is a crime movie similar to Once Upon a Time in America.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a film similar to Once Upon a Time in America with the same genre. Would you like recommendations for other crime fiction movies?
Daniel Radcliffe stars in Nightcrawler. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
I know a little about him, he's a great qb. Did you know he is an athlete that plays a qb?
It was released in 1985 and is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
James Coburn and Heath Ledger were both in it. Do you like him?
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Blind Side is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I don't know of any other Drama movies, but Michael Lewis also starred in The Kingdom with John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know some other Drama movies?
Moneyball stars Brad Pitt and is a comedy/crime movie. Do you like comedy movies?
City of ashed is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Boney also wrote The Cassandra Clare
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Cuaronso Cuaron. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is considered a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Mere Christianity the novel is a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis in 1952. Do you like Romance novels?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Magician's Nephew.
You're welcome!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
No, I am not a fan of the Beatles. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, other than he is from Liverpool, isn't he?
Do you know of Paul McCartney? I know he was in John Lennon.
Great! She wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Have you read those?
Wintergirls is a Fiction novel that was released in 2000.
Yes, I will download it now.
Yes, I am a huge Rihanna fan. I love Rihanna. She is a very talented singer. I love her music. Did you know Rihanna is friends with Taylor Swift?
That is a good song too. Did you know Rihanna has starred in a number of movies as well?
It is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
He starred in The Gathering Storm which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Marc Forester starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like Action Films?
It's a romantic comedy. It's a good movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Mockingjay was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, I have a couple of good ones: Xenocide, Wizard and Glass, and Wizard and Glass, to name a few.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and director. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Little Altars Everywhere. Have you seen that?
Yes, John Dayton also starred in Little Altars Everywhere. He also starred in it.
I think it's okay. She also starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical drama.
You're welcome!
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a coming of age story. Do you like the book or the book?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Notebook and The Quick and the Dead. Have you read them?
Yes, it was also a film. Nicholas Sparks is a great writer.
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is a crime fiction as well.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Keanu also starred in The Matrix Reloaded which is a Science Fiction movie
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Man of Steel is starring Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she was in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate and more.
Charlize Theron was the director.
Sure, have a great day!
He directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was written by Simon West.
Do you like that movie because it is an action movie?
I don't know if he has acted in movies but he did write The Mechanic.
You're welcome
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is a book.
That was a great movie. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released in 2012?
Yes, he produced the movie The Light Between Oceans. Did you know he was also a director?
Great! Anything else I can help with?
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Rebecca.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1938.
You're welcome!
I'm not really a Packers fan, but I do like their coach Mike McCarthy.
I don't really follow them. I don't really follow the sport. Who is the coach?
Aaron Rodgers is the current quarterback. he is a quarterback for the Packers. do you like football?
i agree that he is a good coach
That's pretty cool, I hope you have a good day.
Yes, I am a fan of him. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Justin Timberlake also stars in the movie Friends with Benefits. Have you seen it?
I like her song You Love Me. Do you like her music?
No, I did not watch it either. I love American Idol. Do you like it?
I loved Tyra host host host host. I loved Tyra, have you ever been to a great show?
I did not know that one, but I love Tyra, she is a great actress!
That was a great movie! Joseph Sikora wrote and starred in it. Do you like Joseph Sikora because it is a drama?
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that is correct. Leonardo Dicaprio also starred in The Aviator.
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Do you like her work?
Would you like to know some other poets from this state that she wrote?
Have fun!
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel. Are you a fan of St. John Mandel?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
It is fiction novel
You might like The Bluest Eye by John Green
Enter's Game was written by John Scalzi
You are welcome
Do you like Downfall because it is a War movie or because it is a War movie?
Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. Do you like them?
You are welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo starring Zach Galifianakis. Finding Nemo is a great movie
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like that movie?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. He also wrote Cars and Finding Nemo.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald or other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, if you like The Crucible, you might also like Xenocide. Have you read that?
Those are all I have on that. I know that The Crucible is also a play.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Playing for Keeps and Playing for Keeps.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2010. It's a good movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I have not, but I heard it was great. It was written by Martin McDonagh and Martin Scorsese.
Thekla Reuten also starred in the movie Seven Psychopaths. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
Have you seen American Pie? Chris Weitz wrote, directed, and starred in this movie. He also wrote The Golden Compass.
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a great movie. Chris Weitz also directed American Pie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote The Story of My Life. Would you like to hear more about it?
The Nightingale is a young-adult fiction book written by Philip Pullman. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, I would recommend A Christmas Carol, which is a great children's literature. She also wrote The Nightingale.
I don't have any other information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him except he starred in The Expendables 2. Do you like him?
I would also recommend him in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome!
I do, it was written by John Grisham and starred Bruce Willis, Bruce Willis, and Tom Hardy.
Hudson Hawk is a great movie. Did you know it was released in 1961?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by James Dashner. Have you seen this movie?
That's right! Did you know Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Lorax, The Cat in the Hat?
Yes, I think you're right. I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash was a great movie! It was directed by Melissa Benoist. Did you know it was released in 2014?
She also starred in Tuck Everlasting and The Longest Ride.
I don't know much about the Longest Ride but I do know that it is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, it is considered a Romantic Comedy as well as romance. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Faster is one of the best movies I've seen with him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, have a good day!
I would definitely recommend the San Diego Chargers, they are a good team though. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I like the Lakers because he is so good.
I agree! The Los Angeles Lakers were runner up in the 2009 PGA as well!
She wrote рат и овести, рат и овести, and рат арамаов.
I do not have any information on Eeccbl but he wrote асска и овести.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a romance novel by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Spark books?
Have you read Where the Wild Things Are?
I'm not sure, but it's written by Rachel Carson.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, I think Mike Shanahan is their coach. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know that he was the owner of the Washington Redskins.
That's right. I didn't know he was a brain tumor. I wonder if that's true. What type of sport do you like?
She wrote Wild
Well, if you like self help books, you might also like Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Cuckoo's Calling was written by the great by J.K. Rowling. It is a speculative fiction novel written by the great, J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of that genre?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Casual Vacancy.
It's a fantasy book, similar to The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zoom which is an action film. Do you like action movies?
Yes it is. Reno 911 is also starring Thomas Lennon. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is a Crime Fiction. Do you like that genre? I can recommend a few of my favorite movies.
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a Historical novel written by Jack London. Do you like Historical novels?
Sure, do you like books that are similar to Little House on the Prairie?
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a House on the Prairie was written by Lynda Obst. She also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams is her sister. Do you like her?
I didn't know that. I know that Serena Williams is friends with Ken Whisenhunt. Did you know that?
Wow, I didn't know that. But, I remember that Venus has a sister named Serena and her sister Serena, too.
I think The Lost Symbol was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno. He also wrote The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
I don't know any other Dramas by Tom Hanks either.
Glad I could help
I do! X-Men: First Class is a great sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a Thriller. Do you like X-Men?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
I do! I loved Robert Downey Jr. in X-Men: First Class.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He also wrote The d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
He wrote The Lighthouse, A Christmas Carol, and The Horse Whispers.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
We're The Millers is a great movie! Starring Thomas Lennon and Morgan Freeman.
Thomas Lennon also starred in Paper Towns. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, I will add it to your list. I'm always happy to help.
Gone with the Wind was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote Friends with Benefits.
You might enjoy World Without End, or Wrath of the Titans then.
The Untouchables is starring Steve Carell and was written by John Lennon. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Last Song because it is written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear it?
I'm not sure, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Are they a singer?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy novel. Do you enjoy this genre?
I don't know any other books by Cornelia Funke, but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart, which is a fantasy. Do you like the genre?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a comedy or a crime movie?
It was written by George R.R. Martin and is in the Science Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a great book that he wrote.
It's a fantasy novel. Did you know that J.K. Rowling starred in it?
You're welcome!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Are you a fan?
I don't really follow soccer, but I think I remember watching a match from time to time. What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall was in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in Hook Ya Crook.
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Are you interested in other books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend some other children's literature if you like.
Yes, he wrote the Biography. Do you like biographies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are coached by David Platt. Do you like football?
I do! He wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Valley of Fear, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
Similar movies to Dawn of the Planet of the Apes include Aeon Flux and Zombieland.
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Thor and The Amazing Spider-Man 2, have you seen them?
Absolutely, have a great day
It was written by Diana Wynne Jones, and it stars Christian Bale. Do you like her movies?
Jon Favreau is known for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III. Have you seen those?
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22. It's a great action movie.
Yes, he was. He was also in it. He was also in The Perfect Score.
You're welcome!
It was written by Gillian Flynnn, who also wrote Sharp Objects. Have you read it?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I believe it was. It was directed by Gillian Flynn.
It was released in 2014. I don't know what year it was written. But, I do know it was written in English.
Yes, I do. He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's which is a great book.
Cold Blood is Drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure! Did you like it because it was a sci-fi or because it was a sci-fi?
Steven Spielberg and James Coburn are in it. It's a great movie!
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classic, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion. I highly recommend it.
Yes it is. Mark Cotta Vaz was influenced by Stephenie Meyer. Are you a vampire fan?
You're right! I think you'd like The Twilight series. It's more of a Thriller and Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths, which is an action film. Have you seen it?
It's a Psychological Thriller that was written by John Grisham
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the author or the genre?
It's a drama that was released in 1973 and is a drama.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Rickie Fowler is an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
I didn't know he was in that movie, but I remember the movie Being John Malkovich. It's a romantic comedy.
Julia Bowen actually starred in a movie called Love Story, have you seen it?
She starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Mark Wahlberg and Connie Nelson also starred in The Ice Harvest.
The Situation is a Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
The 5th Wave is a Mystery. Do you like these genres?
Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star, The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea.
Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star, The Infinite Sea, and The Last Star.
No problem. Have a great day.
No problem, enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
Didn't she star in Valentine's day? I do like her song That Was Then, This Is Now. She has a lot of friends as well.
Yes, she was, did you know she was also in Valentine's Day with John Lennon?
I do! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Ryan Reynolds. Didn't he star in Spirit Bound?
He was in X-Men: First Class and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian are some good ones.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like him because he is a singer or a singer?
I like the song he composed called Pretties
That's great. I like his music alot.
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Have you seen it?
Yes, Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it
He was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men
Jack and Jill is in it. Do you like Jack and Jill?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan starred in it.
You're welcome
Yes, Victor Hugo is a great actor. He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1904.
I am not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris.
Great, have a great day!
You're welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson is a writer. He wrote There Will Be Blood and The Master. Have you seen them?
I don't know too much about her, but I know she starred in Something Borrowed. Are you familiar with her?
I don't know any songs that he sings, but I do like Dance wiv Me and Dance wiv Me.
I'm not sure, but he was also influenced by Selena Gomez.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Have you seen either of those?
Bobby is a comedy. Peter and Paul is a drama.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in the movie Peter and Paul. It's a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I think Mike Shanahan coaches them. I'm not a big football fan.
I think he is a great basketball player, but I prefer watching him play the point guard.
That's right. I don't follow basketball too much. Who's the coach?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie with the same name. Did you know Space Jam was filmed in Houston?
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Have you read any of his work?
It was released in 1600
Great glad I could help.
Yes, she is a Romanian tennis player from Romania. She is a very good tennis player.
I think Serena Williams is the only female tennis player I know, but I think Serena Williams is doing a pretty good job.
That's right. I remember Venus lost a match recently to Serena as well.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell
I'm not sure, but I do know he coached the Denver Broncos.
I didn't know that, but I do know that The New York Giants coached the team as well.
Are you referring to Mervyn Peake who wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
I'm not sure what year it was released, but Mervyn Peake was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov.
It was actually considered a Psychological Thriller, Sci-Fi and Speculative Fiction.
You might like The Prisoner of Zenda, which was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Stephenie Meyer is the main character in Twilight Eyes.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Yes, there was a movie based on the book. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her books?
That was written by J.K. Rowlings and was released in 2001. Do you like her work?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote "The One Minute Manager" and "The One Minute Manager." Are you a fan of self-help books?
It was released in 1981 and is considered a Psychological Thriller.
You are welcome!
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola, are you a fan of this author?
Yes, she wrote We the Living. Did you know that she also wrote The Fountainhead.
Glad I could help!
Are you a fan of the author Nina Auerbach? She wrote Dracula.
I don't know a similar book written by Bram Stoker, but I can check if you'd like, if you like horror.
The Girl Next Door is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, The Girl Next Door was written by Emily Bronte
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance or because it is an action movie?
Yes, she did write a Watchman which is a Fiction novel
You are welcome
The Goonies is another good one by Harper Lee
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino, Al Pacino, and many more. Do you like Al Pacino?
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
Sure! Michael Byrne also starred in a lot of movies. He was also in The Godfather Part II which is a comedy.
I see, I'm not sure, but I know Kevin Spacey also starred in the Vampyres.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is considered a drama and a biography. Do you like that genre?
It is in the English language. Do you like that genre?
He starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Lionheart is a comedy-drama film written and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that genre?
I don't know, but I know that Tom Hanks also starred in the movie.
You might also like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths, Seven Psychopaths, Seven Psychopaths, and The Return of the Native. Have you seen any of these?
Seven Psychopaths is starring Sean Connery and Josh Hutcherson. It's a great movie!
Seven Psychopaths has genre Psychological Thriller, is that what you are looking for?
I don't really follow basketball, but I do like James Harden. Who do you like?
I don't follow basketball, but I think Michael Jordan is a great point guard. I don't follow the sport either.
Wilson Chandler was a great shooting guard, but I didn't know that. I think he's a great shooting guard though.
Would you be interested in more books by Patrick Rothfuss or books similar to this one?
Sure, Alien was written by Ronald Shusett, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you seen that?
Yes he does. He also starred in the movie Alien. Have you seen it?
I don't know of any other horror films by him, but I can recommend some other horror films if you like horror.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, she wrote The Effect. Are you a fan of hers?
It is! It was released in 2014. Did you know that it was written by John Grogan?
Antoine Fuqua directed Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Glenn Plummer starred in Olympus. He also starred in Touch the Dark. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know, but he wrote The New World is Fallen. Did you see that?
John Cusack also wrote War Inc. Have you seen it?
I do, did you know he was dating Cameron Diaz?
That was a great movie. Did you know Justin was also in Little Rascals?
I don't know, but I do know that Justin Timberlake was in Ocean's Eleven.
Sure, do you like books by J.D. Salinger?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Go Set a Watchman is another classic by Harper Lee.
You're welcome!
Cassandra Clare wrote Clockwork Angel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
That's right, did he owns the Boston Red Sox?
I am not sure, but I do know that he has a relationship with Tiger Woods?
I remember Michael Jackson was in a movie too, it was a psychological thriller. I didn't know he was.
I don't know much about him but I do know he has a record label with American Idol.
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she is from India?
I don't really follow badminton but I do like the 2012 Summer Olympics. Who was it for?
That's great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I haven't seen it, but I heard that it was written by Richelle Mead starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee. It's a great movie.
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man are written by Steve Kloves
Yes it was, have you seen this movie yet?
Great, have a great day
Gillian wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a fiction book
What genres do you like?
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, then I recommend What Lies Beneath, When You Reach Me or What About Bob?
That book was published in 1988. It's considered a Psychological Thriller.
Happy reading!
Do you like Madagascar because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
Madagascar is a great movie! It was written by Lana Wachowski, and it is starring Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like this genre?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great movie, do you like it because it is a fantasy?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Little Miss Sunshine. It is a Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was written, produced, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer.
Glad I could help!
I haven't read it, but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't read it. Are you a fan of romance novels?
I have not either. I am not sure about that. Is that something you're interested in?
I will check it out. Thanks for the information.
You as well!
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire. It was released in 2011. Are you familiar with his work?
Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2012.
You are welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino, and stars Samuel L. Jackson
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
Sean Connery was also in Walk the Line too.
She was also in the movie Walk the Line.
Yes, he is. He wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Sea Wolf. Have you read those?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about it.
Not really, I'm more a fan of the Nets. I'm more of a steelers fan myself.
I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer. He wrote End of Watch. Did you know he is also an actor?
Zodiac was released in 1991, and is an action movie.
Jake Gyllenhaal also starred in End of Watch, which is a crime movie.
Absolutely! He's been in a number of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book.
Norton Juster also wrote The Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it is. It's part of the series The Looking Glass Wars.
It was released in 1961.
I know she wrote the Mists of Avalon, and the Forest House.
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote the Shadowhunters of Avalon.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Captain America: The First Man, The First Man, and The Avengers.
That movie is a romantic comedy also starring John Ratzenberger.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about this one?
Yes, it is a Comedy-drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy that movie. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is a drama?
Yes, he also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a Comedy.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
You are welcome!
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Brides. Have you seen it?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed, and he also wrote The Hour I First Believed.
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes, Wicked Appetite is also by Janet Evanovich, it is a romance novel.
I haven't read any of his books, but I heard he's a great author. He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, he has written a few films. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. He also starred in Scream 4 which is a Thriller. Have you seen that?
Similar to Leonardo DiCaprio, are you a fan?
Mark Wahlberg was in The Last Castle and The Incredibles. He was also in The Incredibles.
That was a great movie, some other great movies that she starred in are The Gathering Storm and The Black Dahlia.
I am not sure what movies they are in that genre, but did you know that Thomas Lennon was also in The Dark Knight?
I am not sure, but I can tell you they also starred in The Dark Knight, which is a drama.
You are welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by Joel Coen. Do you like fantasy novels?
He also wrote The Silver Chair, The Magician's Nephew and The Horse and His Boy. Have you read any of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel and The Witch and the Wardrobe is fiction.
I sure do! District 9 is written by Stephen King and he directed District 9 which is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome!
She starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe. Did you know she was also a singer?
I don't really know any other songs. I do like Call Me Maybe. She has starred in a lot of movies as well. She starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe. She starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a footballer. He plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. Do you like soccer?
I don't know, but I do know that Javier Hernández is from Guadalajara.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote the movie Stuck on You
If you like romantic comedies, you should check out Stuck on You, it's a great movie.
Jim Carrey also starred in the movie I, Robot, and he produced the TV series.
Happy to help!
Derrick Rose is a point guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Well, Derrick Rose is a point guard for the Timberwolves.
I don't really follow basketball either. I think Derrick Rose is doing a good job with the Bulls.
Of course! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry. It is a Sci-Fi novel. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, she wrote it, and it was released in 1981. Do you like her books?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Twitts, The Witches, The Twitt, and The BFG.
Quentin Blake wrote The Twitts, The Witches, and The Twitt.
Well, if you like fantasty, you'll like The Golden Compass.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know Witches by Quentin Blake is also a fantasy.
You are welcome!
Will Grayson was written by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
The Firm is a Thriller, so are you interested in more Thriller examples?
The genre is Thriller and Suspense.
You're welcome!
Sure! Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven was released 1956. It was also written by Aldous Huxley. Would you like to know more about this author?
The Last Battle was released in 1956. That was the same year The Last Battle was released.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote the book A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, and A Brief History of Time.
Glad I could help!
Glad I could help!
Mary McDonnell starred in the Adventure Film Sneakers. Do you like Adventure movies?
That's great, did you know Robert Redford also starred in The Hunt for Red October?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know that Scarlett Johansen was in The Hunt for Red October?
Action/Adventure movies
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
When You Are Engulfed in Flames has genre Biography.
Yes it was! It was also released that year as well.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus?
I didn't know that, but I remember her in Victorious, did you see her in that movie?
Gone With the Wind is a good one. Have you ever seen it?
Sure. He starred in the movies Mr & Mrs. Smith Goes to Washington and The Innocent. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is. Do you like comedies? If you like comedies, you might also like The Black Dahlia.
Yes, she was. She was also in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes he is. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1963 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
If you like that genre, you might like The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby. It's a tragedy.
Yes, it is written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player but I don't really follow him. What about you?
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard, do you like him?
I don't know a lot, but he is from Oklahoma City. He is a point guard.
He's a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was Executive Producer on The Voice. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is in the Crime genre
your welcome
I do not have that information
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy genre?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
He wrote a book called The Matrix. It was also turned into a movie.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Eddie Redmayne and Lauren Holly are in Allegiant. Do you like Romance films?
Well, Naomi Watts is a Thriller and it is a action movie.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2000.
The Light Between Oceans is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, M.L. Stedman starred in The Light Between Oceans. He also starred in The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome!
Yes, Andy Tennant is a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell. He is a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell
World War Z is a movie that he starred in.
Fool's Gold is starring Kate Beckinsale. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. It is a romantic comedy and I highly recommend it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Stephen Dubner is a director. He starred in The Power of Habit.
The Apostle is a book he wrote
you are welcome
Yes, that is a good movie. Did you know that Robert De Niro was in it?
Not that I am aware of, but if you like thrillers you might enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, that is right. Didn't he play for Chelsea F.C?
Yes I agree that he is great. Did you know he also played for Manchester United F.C?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in New England. The Patriots competed in the National Football League as a member of the National Football League.
The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Thanks for the info, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that the next book is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was written by O Brother, Where Art Thou. It starred Keanu Reeves, Ernest H. Shepard and was released in 1995.
It stars Christian Bale and Anthony Hopkins. Are you a fan of this actor?
No problem! It is a romance novel that was published in 2003.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
That book was written by Tennessee Williams, who also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
That is true. Tenesse Williams also wrote The Glass Menagerie which is a great book.
It was released in 1961 and is a drama.
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Hangover and in The Fountain. Are you a fan of drama?
Ponyo is starring Zoey Deutch. Would you like to see it?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that one.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about it, but I do know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
I am not familiar with the sport but I do know that he was from China. Do you like watching tennis?
I don't know where the 2004 Olympics was the year they were the runner ups to.
I didn't know they were owned by Bill Neukom. They were owned by Bill Neukom.
I am not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. They were runner up in the 2012 World Series?
I do not know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
I don't know much about it, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I am more of a fan of American Football. But Louis van Gaal is from Amsterdam.
I'm a huge football fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I'm not sure about it, but it was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with him?
Yeah, it's okay. I'm having trouble getting that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. Have you read it?
I don't know of any other films she was in. I do know that Susannah Grant wrote the book.
I don't know much about her other movies, but I do know she wrote In Her Shoes. That was released in 2012.
Glad I could help.
Great, have a good day!
Have a great day!
Yes, Odd THomas stars Robin Williams and Dean Koonz. Are you a fan of his?
That's right! It's also considered a Sci-Fi. It's also considered a Sci-Fi. Do you enjoy watching?
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett. It's considered a thriller as well.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you read it?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel that was released in 1817.
Interestingly, Jane Austen starred in Pride and Prejudice, a historical period drama. She also starred in Mansfield Park.
You're welcome!
Similar movies to Titanic are; The Aviator, The Aviator, and The Aviator.
You might like The Terminator or The Order starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Yes, it was. Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to see more of her movies?
I think you would enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in The Proposal. Do you like thrillers?
The Proposal has genre Romance
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Life of John Cleopatra. Have you read either of those yet?
They Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy-drama.
They Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery novel. Another good one is Without Fail. Have you read that one?
I do, she starred in The Special Relationship. Are you interested in her movies?
Yes, that was a great movie. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.?
Ralph Fiennes is a great movie. Mirnanda Mirnanda Richardson also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
John Woo wrote, directed, and starred in Windtalkers.
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
If you like war films, you might also enjoy Shanghai Calling or The Martian.
Glad I could help!
Sure, Madagascar has the genres Science Fiction, Psychological Thriller, Sci-Fi and Action. Do you like these genres?
Madagascar has the genres Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Philosopher's Stone, The Stand, and many more. Have you seen any of those yet?
It is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie. Do you like that kind of movie?
That is correct. Shaun of the Dead is starring Zoey Deutch
I hope you enjoy!
I don't really follow basketball, but I think he is from Oklahoma City.
I don't really follow him, but I know he won won NBA All Rookie Team
I'm not sure but I do know he is a point guard.
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player, do you like tennis?
I don't know much about him other than he is from London. Is he a tennis player?
Really? I didn't know that. I just knew a little about tennis, did you know that?
Really, I didn't realize it, that's what I've heard about it. I'm not sure what they've seen it, but it looks like it was a great movie. I'm not sure what they've seen it, but it looks like it was a good movie. I'm not sure what they're looking for.
He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in The Dark Knight.
I don't know. Are you familiar with Walt Whitman?
Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature. Walt Whitman is classified as children's literature. He is also classified as childrens lit.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls starring Paul Walker and also wrote The Fast and the Furious starring Paul Walker.
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson.
Yes, Paul Walker starred in The Skulls with John Lennon.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know he passed away in 2012.
He starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more about any of these?
It is a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
I have. He's an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a Fiction novel. Do you like Fiction?
I Still Dream About You was released in 2012 and is a drama
I don't know of any others, but I do know that Fannie Flagg also wrote X-Men 2.
You are welcome
That's a great movie! It was written by Joel Cohen and stars Tom Hanks, Robert Downey Jr., and Tim Allen. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is very saddest toy story and it is when Andy grew up up. It is a graphic novel, have you seen it?
Tom Hanks starred in Toy Story 3. He is a great actor.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Have you seen The Pursuit of Happyness? That's a psychological thriller.
Mark Camacho starred in Wicker Park. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Yes, it is. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Sure! Rick Riordan wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich. Do you like him?
Didn't he play for FC Bayern Munich or FC Bayern Munich?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a midfielder?
I am not a huge football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I'm not much of a soccer fan myself. Are you a soccer fan?
Oh yes, I love that movie! Thanks for the information!
She wrote Pretty Little Liard, have you read it?
Yes, she is. She also wrote Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 1996
Glad to be of help
I haven't seen it. But I heard it was great. Wasn't it Channing Tatum?
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage also starred in The Family Man?
That is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Yes I can. It is added to playlist.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is Speculative fiction?
It is fiction. Do you like fiction books?
The Grapes of Wrath was released in 1991 and was directed by David Ayer. Are you interested in this author?
I know that she is a member of the London 2012 Summer Olympics, do you like her?
I don't know of any other football teams in London, but I do know that they are located in London. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm not sure, but I do know that Kepa was a designer as well.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they play in London as well.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll.
Michael Higgins wrote The Return of the Native and he also wrote The Last Man.
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes, he did write that as well as The Hero of Radiance. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, NARUTH was a science fiction novel by Brandon Sanderson.
Great, hope you enjoy!
It's a crime fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's a great movie.
He has starred in a number of movies, including The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight, and The Hunt for Red October.
Great! I can add them to your list for you to watch. I'm sure that you will enjoy them!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class are his most famous work.
Sean Connery starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller as well as Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know about that, but I do know that Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee.
You are welcome, have a great day!
That was a great movie! It's a thriller, crime fiction, and was directed by David Ayer. Do you like that genre?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Van Helsing. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sure you'll enjoy them!
Glad to help!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is starring Woody Allen, and was released in 1982
You're welcome
Have a great day
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read The Notebook or The Pick of Destiny?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romantic novel.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Mastering the Art of Cheats was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Elah.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. That was written by Jean M. Auel, if you like that one.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
Callum Rennie starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw. Have you seen either?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what genre do you like?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Virginia Woolf. Would you like to know more about it?
Great choice, some other good books I would recommend are Aeon Flux and Zoe's Tale, and Xenocide.
It is a mystery book written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote Dark Places.
The Scar is a mystery novel written by Chester Bennington, it is a fiction novel.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like Kurt Wimmer?
Yes, he also directed The Theory of Everything.
The King was written and directed by Lames Marsh. It is a drama movie.
Total Recall is written by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like science fiction movies?
He was in a movie called Monsters, Inc. He was also in The Hangover.
Ronny Cox was in The Car and The Beast Within You, which is a biography. He also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
You're welcome
Are you a fan of the author Nina Auerbach? She wrote Dracula.
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel written by Stephen King. Are you interested in Stephen King's books?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Did you know Jodi Picoult authored The Tenth Circle?
Brave was written and directed by Mark Twain. If you like that movie, you might also like Monsters, Inc.
Brave was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote Toy Story.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
I don't know about that, isn't he from Rio de Janeiro?
Yup that's right and Luis Fabiano too!
I like him a lot. I think he wrote The Shadowhunter's Code which is a great book.
Yes. J.R. Ward also wrote the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Zenda, and The Shadows.
It's a great movie! William Hurt and Ty Burrell are in it. Do you like them?
Will do. Enjoy!
I think he is a cricket player from India. Are you a fan?
I don't know anything about cricket either. I do know that Harbhajan Singh is from India.
That's okay. Did you know Harbhajan Singh is from the Mumbai Indians?
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read them?
Yes, it was. It was also released in 1985. That was the same year When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
I don't have that information, but I do know that If You Give a Pig a Cookie was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Simon Elkeles is a writer, he wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to send it to you?
Perfect Chemistry is also written in English. I think it was a great book.
Harold Ramis was in Wilde and Valkyrie.
If you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. It is a comedy as well.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie. It is starring Bill Murray in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs is written by Walter Isaacson.
I don't have any information on that, but I can recommend some of the books by Wither. Are you familiar with Wither's work?
I do not have any additional information on the author, but I can tell you that Sever was influenced by Ted Tally. Would you like to know more about it?
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus, have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a crime fiction novel.
Nicholas Evans also wrote the book called True Believer. Would you like to hear more about this book?
It is a crime fiction book, similar to True Believer.
Absolutely!
I love the cowboys! Do you like them because they are a great team?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know that they are owned by John Fox.
Yeah, I'm a huge fan of the Cowboys. Did you know they won the World Cup last year?
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer, do you like Cricket?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know Yuvraj Singh starred in it?
If you like horror films, you might also like The Hobbit. It's a great Indie film.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Go Set a Watchman is written by Harper Lee
Glad I could help.
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she is from India?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he is a good athlete.
Yes, I believe he is a tennis player.
Adam Levine starred in The Wrestler which is a really good movie. Do you like him?
Yes she is. Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
Yes, its a great movie! Bahati Prinslooo has also starred in it, along with Meryl Streep.
Kick ass starred Nicolas Cage, Matthew McConaughey, and Matthew McConaughey.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was written by Nicolas Cage and released in 2008.
Nicolas Cage starred in a romance movie called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy drama.
I'm not sure Nicolas Cage was in it but The Sorcerer's Apprentice was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
I like him! He's a great songwriter!
I like Zakira, too. He is a great lyricist.
I think he was born in Zakira.
The movie Inside Man stars Denzel Washington. Do like Denzel Washington?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Would you like others?
It's a great movie! It's a romance with a little bit of drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Zaillian. Are you a fan?
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Schindler's List was written by Steven Spielberg. Schindler's List was directed by Steven Spielberg. I think you'd like that.
You're welcome
The Great Gathering Storm is the next book in the series. It was written by Scott Westerfeld.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that.
Great. Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Sure, it's written by Mark Twain, and is a children's literature. Are you a fan of children's literature?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del chivo, and La sombra del chivo. Have you read any of these?
I don't have any additional information on that novel, but La sombra del viento is a similar book by Lucia Graves.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
She's older. She was born in 1937. Do you like her music?
I don't know when that was released, but I do like her song Poker Face.
I do not know, but I do know that The Muppets is a comedy drama.
The Muppets is a musical comedy also starring Vanessa Redgrave
I don't know much about them. Are they coached by Jim Caldwell?
I like Lamar Jackson though, he's a good team. He was born in Baltimore, NJ.
Did you know he was born in Saginaw?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre Young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Yes, Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead. Shadow Kiss was released in 2011. It's considered children's literature.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was written by Richelle Mead. The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction.
I don't have any other recommendations for that genre, but I can recommend some other Young Adult Fiction books like The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you a fan of this author?
Lois Lowry wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more about any of these?
It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
He wrote The Crucible, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you he wrote The Plains of Passage, which is a mystery.
It is a film starring Eddie Redmayne and Jason Flemyng. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like her?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like Pulp Fiction?
It was released in 1994 and stars Roger Avary. It's considered a Romantic Comedy.
He is not only a writer, but a film producer and screenwriter, but he wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Silent Hill is a horror movie.
I like her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade with Sean Connery. Have you seen it?
She also starred in the movie A Prayer for the Dying.
You're welcome!
I love her song, Marry the Night! Are you a fan of her?
That's a great song! She's a very talented person. I like dance music too.
It's a very popular song by her. I'm not sure what genre it's called.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1977 and was also written by Emily Bronte.
Colleen McCullough wrote The First Man in Rome. Colleen McCullough also wrote The First Man in Rome.
Alison Doody starred in A View to Kill and A Prayer for the Dying. Have you seen these?
The Last Crusade was released in 1982
Sean Connery starred in the Last Crusade
Enjoy!
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling or do you prefer speculative fiction?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass?
Glad I could help!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Rebecca.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she was. Do you like her books?
Yes, I like him in The Muse which was written by him.
Yes, The Muse is a great movie. Did you know that The Muse is also starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt?
I do! It is a great movie! It also starred Joe Pesci.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies starring Steve Carell?
Yes, Steve Carell starred in the movie. He also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Wilson Rawls wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Do you like fiction?
Susan Meissner wrote a novel called Remember Meissner. Did you know she is also a scientist?
You are welcome.
Great, have a great day!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Jeff Goldblum also starred in Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical period drama.
You are welcome!
I'm not really a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell
I'm more of a Patriots fan myself. I'm more of a Steelers fan myself.
I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan, but we can't wait to see their games.
I love him! He wrote The Yellow Submarine with Paul McCartney.
I don't know of any other songs by him. Are you interested in any of his music?
Ant Man is an action movie. You might also like The Black Dahlia.
I don't know about any of them but I do know that The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers are all great movies.
You might like Larry Crowne then. It's a fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pearl Harbor was written by James Patterson and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Rebecca Hall starred in Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Gremlins is written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote The Goonies.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I don't really follow basketball, but I know that Kevin Durant is a point guard.
Yes it does. Steve James also starred in the movie. He was also in Space Jam
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a good movie. Larry Bird was in it. He's a great actor. Did you see it?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Psychological Thriller and Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos, Pennsylvania.
It is a Packer fan. Are you a fan of the Denver Broncos?
I like Basketball but I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
Robert Duvall starred starred X-Men Apocalypse and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
The Apostle is a drama film starring Harrison Ford and Miranda Richardson. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is married to Shaun White. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, he did. He was also a director. He was also a director as well.
I wonder if he used to be in the movie or not. I wonder if he was in any movies as well.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you liked that genre, you might also enjoy The Return of the Native by Philip K. Dick. Philip K. Dick wrote that as well.
Stephen K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau. It is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a wide receiver for the Saints. He is a quater back then.
I haven't seen that one, but I do like Romance and Cigarettes.
Yes, I do. I know that Last Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
I believe it is a silly book
She also wrote the Vampire Academy series
You're welcome
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
The genre is fiction and young-adult fiction.
Yes, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a great book by The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Are you interested in the genre, Speculative fiction?
I am not sure, but The Very Hungry Caterpillar was written by the same author.
Another great children's book is The Butterfly Effect. Have you read that?
I don't know of any other books by him, but did you know he is a scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other books by him.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love. Did you know that?
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure but I do know that the Green Bay Packers won the championship last year
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Patriots
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
If you like that you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you read that?
I know a couple of my favorites are What About Bob and The Wool Cap. Have you heard of them?
You are welcome.
How about A Little Princess, have you read it?
That's right, did you know Winnie-the-Pooh was written by John Hugh Jackman?
Yes, it is. Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Absolutely, enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about him either. He's a good player though.
I don't know much about the Greek Freak, but I think the Greek Freak was a great place to visit.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great movie.
I'm not sure, but I do like their song Waiting for the End. Do you like them?
The Road is a Thriller, so are you interested in more Thriller examples?
There are a few science fiction books called The Bone Clocks which is also a film, have you seen it?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Human Stain, and The Human Stain.
I don't know what genre he wrote, but he did write The Way Station.
Yes he does, he also wrote The War of the Worlds which is a science fiction book.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Terminal stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
He also starred in Larry Crowne, which is a romantic comedy, have you seen that one?
Yes, it is! Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, which is a drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Are you a fan?
I didn't realize she was on Saturday night live, but I do like Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I do. Did you know Parks and Recreation was based on a satire show?
Yes, it is a satire show. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a satire show, have you seen it?
I know a little about him, he's a great football player. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's a football player.
I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her as a fan of her music but I do like her song a little bit. What about you?
I like Yellow Submarine, did you know he is from Pasadena?
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks and released in 1997.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know it was written by Sarah Silverman who was influenced by Kate Chopin
You're welcome!
Similar authors to Ray Bradbury are Ray Bradbury, are you a Ray Bradbury fan?
Yes, it is, similar to The Martian Chronicles.
I'm not sure, but Wintersmith is Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote and directed Freakonomics. He also directed Horrible Bosses.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Freakonomics stars Brad Pitt and Dwayne Johnson. Do you like those actors?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays on the Portugal national football team.
That's right. Did you know David Beckham was from Portugal?
Yes, she is. I love her music. Did you know she was also a model?
Total Recall was written by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more movies by Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Order. Would you like more information about those movies?
Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role in True Lies. Arnold Schwarzenegger also played in the movie.
Ella Enchanted stars Zoey Deutch and it's a Thriller
Ella Enchanted is a drama film written and directed by Rian Johnson.
I don't have information about Ella Enchanted but it is written by Terry Pratchet
You are welcome
Yes, Irvin kershner starred Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Sith and The Return of a Man Called Horse
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He was in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1935.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel.
Yes it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
No I haven't seen that
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction.
I don't know any other books by Theroux but I do know that Theroux was influenced by William Weaver.
Yes, it is. It's a fiction book.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
It was released in 1904 and written by Michael Hague.
Yes, J.M. Barrie is the author of the play, J.M. Barrie.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
No problem!
The Missing Piece is a great book by Emily Bronte. Have you read it?
It's considered Speculative fiction and Psychological Thriller.
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Jeremy Tambling is a writer who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens was a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and A Christmas Carol, to name a few.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is a young adult fantasy novel written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young-adult fiction books?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what genre it is.
Sure, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I am more of a fan of tennis than tennis. Did you know Venus was born in London?
It's amazing! It has a lot of interesting characters in it. You should check it out.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
That's right, I don't really follow him. I don't really follow him.
Haha, I don't really follow him. I think he is 41 years old and has a good record.
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
Magical Mystery is a similar book
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2012. It was a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, she was. She was also the executive producer of The Help.
I don't know of any other films he was in, but I do know that he was also in The Help and starred in X-Men 2.
Joseph Kosinski wrote the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Do you like Adventure films?
Yes he did its a great musical. State Fair is a musical is a drama. Would you like to see that?
Yes, he was! He was such a great actor. He was a great actor.
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, similar authors to Pat Conroy are; The Prince of Tides, The Lords of Discipline and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, Paul Newman wrote The Great Santini.
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. Did you know she was born in Philadelphia?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome.
She's starred in the movie Aliens
If you like Bill Paxton, you might also like Catch-22 which is a crime fiction. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Catwoman, The Truman Show, and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
She wrote Xenocide, World Without End, and Wild Seed to name a few. Have you read any of those ?
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven starred in RoboCop starring Robert Downey Jr.
That is a great movie, he was also a director. He was also a director as well.
Total Recall is a sci-fi and adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Great! Glad I could help.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but I can recommend other great movies with the same genre.
I don't know much about the Undertow series, but I do know it was written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I do know that Nicolas Cage is also in that movie.
I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, would you like to know about other movies in that genre?
Well, you might also like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad I could help!
OK, great!
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies. Are you a fan of thrillers?
If you liked Public Enemies, you might enjoy Catch-22. It's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Bradley Cooper is one of the starring actors in Total Recall.
Sean Harris was the main actor in Total Recall
You are welcome.
I do, actually. My favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like baseball?
Oh, I'm not a huge baseball fan myself! What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the San Francisco 49ers?
Denzel Washington, Denzel Washington, and Denzel Washington are the starring in Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz was also in The Pillars of the Earth, The Return of the Native and The Giver.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I can tell you that it is also a psychological thriller and was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome. Hope you like it!
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
That's right. He's from China. Did you know he was born in China?
Yes, it is. Zhang Ziyi also starred in What About Bob? That's a good movie.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is similar to Guy Cardwell.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a good one.
Mark Twain also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
He wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by Jane Austen, or do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about other books by him?
It was released in 2011. It's considered a Patriot Games fan!
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zoolander. that is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yeah, he was hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in it?
Yes, Luke Wilson was in that movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great, hope I have been helpful today.
I like some of her song called Crossroads. Did you know she was in the movie Crossroads?
Yes, that was a good one. Did you know Britney also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard, a TV sitcom.
I haven't seen that one, isn't he? I like Black Snake as well.
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a great book! It was written by Lisa Garner and released in 2012. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, The Terminal was really funny. It's a great movie. If you like that one, you should check out Catch Me If You Can starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have that information, but I do know The Great Escape was written by Steve McQueen, Steve McQueen wrote and starred in it.
Great choice! The Towering Inferno has the genres drama, crime, and family.
Glad I could help! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Charles Dickens is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book and was written by Eric Carle.
That was a great movie! Do you like Monty Python because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
That was a great book! It was written by Oz, would you like to know more about that?
It was written by Wizard of Oz, would you like to know more about the movie?
That is correct. He also wrote The Adventure of Oz.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by George Cukor
I know that Lionel Messi is an athlete that plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Did you know Lionel Messi is from Barcelona?
That's right. Louis van Gaal also coached the Manchester United F.C. team. I wonder if he's good?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead in the movie.
Yes, he wrote and starred in Larry Crowne, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, can I help you with anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being Earnest, The Perks of Being Earnest, and The Perks of Being Earnest. Have you seen any of those?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it.
Yes, she was. She was also in that movie.
I am not sure, but I can recommend another movie called The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You are welcome.
Yes I do. It is written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
I don't think so. Are they a goof team?
That is correct. The San Francisco Giants were runner up in the 2010 World Series?
It definitely does! They have a lot of fun to watch. They've been to the World Series a few times since they were runner ups.
Do you like The Devil Wears Prada because it's comedy?
Great! Aline Brosna also wrote The Dark Knight Rises which is a Fantasy Film. Have you seen it?
Glad I could help!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was. It also starred Robert Downey Jr. as well.
Yes, The Legend of Zorro is starring Margaret Atwood and George Clooney. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Return of the Living Dead, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
It is a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other thrillers by him, but I can recommend some other thrillers if you'd like.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth, which was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance?
Yes, it is also in Black-White and is a romance.
Glad I could help.
I know that Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like basketball. I also like the Denver Broncos.
I love watching the Kentucky Derby horse race, but I'm a tennis fan.
Are you a Jonathan Dayton fan? He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine is a drama film starring Charlize Theron.
Alan Arkin also starred in Breathing Lessons.
Yes she is. Did you know she is also a Celebrity?
She is currently number 66.
You're welcome, I hope you have a good day.
Oliver Oliver was the author of The Bone Collector and The Bone Clocks. Have you read either of those yet?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Bourne Legacy. Have you read it?
Absolutely, he also wrote The Wild Life of Walter Mitty, a fantasy book.
Absolutely, have a great day.
Ella Enchanted is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Gail Carson Levine also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Fairest.
Yes it is Fantasy, have you read The Two Princesses of Bamarre?
Tombs of Atuan is a fantasy novel by Gail Carson Levine. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I remember that they won the Super Bowl XLVIII championship last year.
That's right. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan myself.
He is a football player, but his position is forward
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree! He's very good! He's a great player as well.
Are you looking for other books written by Jeff Kinney?
It is a romantic comedy that was released in 2014. Jeff Kinney is a great writer as well. Have you read it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Apocalypto is a classic written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
I don't have any information on other films he directed, but he wrote The Passion of Christ. Have you seen it?
Sure! It was written by Mel Gibson and it is a historical period drama.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
What types of books do you like?
You're welcome!
Yes, Allegiant was released in 2011.
PS PS, I love you! It was written by Cecelia Ahern. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
I don't know of any other books by Cecilia Ahern. I do know she wrote Xenocide
It is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Great! Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is also a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and it was released in 2001. Do you like his movies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and is a sci-fi.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Zima also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Are you a fan?
I like Shakira, Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a great singer. I like dance music in general. Did you know he has a song called Trance?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Rhonda Byrne, then you might also like The Amazing Spider-Man or The Incredible Hulk.
I am not sure, but it is a great movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
I don't know much about her other than that she is a tennis player, do you like her?
I am not familiar with Venus but I do know that she has a sister named Serena Williams.
I agree. I like watching Serena play as well.
I think Mike Woodson is a good basketball player but I think Mike Woodson is doing a good job.
Oh yea he is, he is a good one too.
Didn't he star in that movie as well?
Yes, he is a great footballer. He plays for Wales National football team.
Not really, I am more of a Manchester United fan myself.
It is a great movie! Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I don't have that information
I don't know any other books by Pat Conroy
Glad I could help
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
OK, Fear Nothing was written by William Steig. He also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
I am sorry, I don't have any suggestions for horror. Would you like some other suggestions?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Have you read it?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. It's considered a Comedy-drama.
Well, it was directed by Woody Allen, would you like to know more about it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Well, City of God is starring Alice Braga and Alexandre Rodrigues, which is also a drama.
To Kill a Mockingbird is starring Robert Duvall, and it is a Crime Fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
That was written by Leonardo DiCaprio and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a DJ, he is also a drummer
I think Andy Murray is a great golfer, but I don't really follow him. What do you think?
I like tennis. I like Venus Willaims and her sister Serena. How about you?
I'm not sure about that. I just know a little about Venus but I do like watching the match now.
Sure! She wrote The Journal of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
Seven Years to Sin is a Non-fiction book
You're welcome
Well, Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys. He was also in The Hangover.
I don't know what song she sings. Is she a singer?
I didn't know that. Did you know Anne-Marie was also born in London?
I don't know about Shakira, but I like Sia Furler too. I like her song Love Story.
She sure did. I like Lyricists as well. I like Lyricists.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an athlete that plays cricket. Are you a fan of cricket?
I don't know much about cricket but I do know he is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, that's right. Hayden Panettiere was in that. She was also in Ocean's Eleven.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Yes! Bill Paxton is a great actor. He also starred in Fair Game which was a comedy drama.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well. Do you like his movies?
1989 was the year that released Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Do you like Fantasy movies? You might like The Wolfman.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a great movie. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It was written by James Dashner, who also wrote The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Yes Kevin Zegers is in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Are you interested in reading it?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
I do like dramas. Have you seen The Wedding Date? It's very good.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I know a little, he plays cricket and is from India. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he is from India.
I'm not much of a fan of the sport, but I do know that Ravichandran Ashwin is from India. It's a great sport.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know if she wrote Sharp Objects but I do know that it was released in 2012.
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure if it's a new book ever.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The Legend of Tarzan. Do you like War films?
Yes, it is. It's a Thriller.
Hugh Jackman and Vanessa Redgrave also starred in it. You should check it out.
You're welcome
Anne-Marie is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Thomas Ricketts.
I haven't followed them much so I'm a fan of the San Francisco Giants because they're in the National League as well!
I've never seen it. It's pretty cool. It's been a long time since I've been there. It's a great place.
I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers, but I'm a Packers fan.
That's a great question, I'm not sure what year this year.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger, have you heard of that one?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I don't really follow golf, but I do like Phil Mickelson. He won the 2005 PGA as well.
That's pretty cool. Phil Mickelson is a golfer from Constanta, California. He is a former world No. 1 in singles. Did you know Phil won the 2010 Masters?
That's a great drama. It also starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. I highly recommend it.
I'm sure you'll love it!
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds are some of his notable works.
The Time Machine was released in 2010. If you like sci-fi you might also like The War of the Worlds.
I love that movie! Did you know it was written by Harold Ramis?
You're welcome, enjoy!
James Nesbitt and Jennifer Jason Leigh are both in it. I think you'll really enjoy it!
James Harden is a great shooting guard, he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yeah, that's right. I remember that he was in a movie called Space Jam. That was a good movie too.
Yeah, the Pats are great. I think the Saints are doing well this season. Who do you root for?
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Atlanta Braves.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do know that they won the World Series in 2012.
I don't know much about the Yankees, but I do know that the Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner.
Psycho is a crime fiction novel written by John Green, are you a fan of this genre?
i do not have any information on who starred in the movie but Robert Bloch was a slasher writer as well.
I don't have that information, but Alfred Hitchcock directed and starred in Tootsie which is a drama.
They were the runner-up in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final right?
Yes, he is. Did you know the team is owned by Wayne Weaver?
Did you know that Greg Schiano also starred in The Woodlanders also?
Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Would you like more movies written by Sylvia Plath, or based on its genre?
I don't know of any other movies he was in, but he did star in The Box and The Fighter.
Creed is a drama/crime movie, it also starred Seth Rogen who was in it. Do you like watching it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that's part of a series.
The Great Train Robbery is a Psychological Thriller, and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
It's a great movie! He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of things. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of things. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of things, including The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor.
I don't have that information, but it is also a horror movie
I don't have any information on other movies he is in
It was written by Jane Austen and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It is a romance novel.
Well, if you like that genre, you might like Zoe's Tale or Z for Zachariah.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic World. It is an Action Film. Do you like action movies?
It is a drama, a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
He was great in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you seen them?
Yes, that was a great movie! I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is considered a Drama and a biography. Do you like that genre?
That's great! I highly recommend it.
I think their head coach Gary Kubiak is the best coach in the NFC south.
I don't know that. Do you like any other teams?
There are 3 Cowboys, but I am not sure. Do you like Football?
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse. Have you seen that?
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
I don't know about it, but I do know Sean Connery was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
It was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote Dark Places.
He also wrote Dark Places, Dark Places, and Dark Places. Would you like to know more about any of those titles?
I don't know any other authors, but Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. Would you like some suggestions similar to that?
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes I do. I like a lot of science fiction books.
Great, have a great day!
I know a little, he plays cricket and is from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him other than he is from India. Is he a cricket player?
I don't really follow cricket so I don't know too much about it. But I do know that Ravichandran is from India.
I haven't seen it but I've heard that it's pretty good. I'd love to. I'm a huge cricket fan myself.
i'm not sure, but you should check it out. Thanks for the information.
You too!
I know that Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
It is a comedy. Do you like that genre? Looper is a comedy.
Great. Do you like Warlock because it is a thriller?
Yes, it is. If you like that one, you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the movie Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen that?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a great one.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
Im Westen nichts Neues was released in 2001 and was written by Erich Maria Remarque.
I'm not sure, but Im Westen nichts Neues was released in 2001. It's a classic!
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about her other than that she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her either. I do know that she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's pretty much all I know about the Williams sisters. I like Venus and her sister Serena too.
I'm not a fan of tennis but I do like the Williams sisters.
I agree. I'm a huge fan of the fashion fashion fashion. I am a huge fan of the Williams sisters.
I do, it was written by Tennessee Williams and is considered a drama. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Tennessee Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
You are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about him, he's an athlete that plays for the Sweden National Football team.
He has starred in a number of movies, including The Hour I First Believed, The Hour I First Believed, and The Hour I First Believed.
Harsh Squad is starring David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer and many more. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Yes he starred in Harsh Times , Harsh Times , Harsh Times
You are welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that team. I do know that they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North. The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North.
I'm a Packers fan myself. I'm a Packers fan myself.
It was released in 2014. Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network, The Social Network, and The Social Network. Have you seen them?
The Social Network is starring Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is a Social Network is a Social Network.
The Social Network was released in 2003 starring Andrew Garfield.
2010 is the year that released The Social Network.
2010 is also a movie written by Aaron Sorkin. Aaron Sorkin is also in it.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen it?
It was also written by Rick Moody. He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a musical.
He wrote The Ice Storm and also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction novel. He writes in this genre but is considered Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Are you looking for more books by Sarah J. Maas or other books by Sarah J. Maas?
I'm not sure, but Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Wonderful! I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she was influenced by Shauna Lynch, who starred in the movie The Truman Show.
No, I haven't read that one. I like Mansfield Park too. Did you see that one?
Yes, she is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't know any other players like her. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but I do know that the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Would you like to know more about it?
It was a self help book. Did you know Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was released in 2003?
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, he was a scientist, he was also a scientist. Do you like scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
He's been in some great movies. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's one of my favorites.
Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph or The Witch of Blackbird Pond?
We Bought A Zoo stars Cameron Diaz, Cameron Diaz, and Cameron Diaz.
Yes, will do.
Homer wrote The Simpsons. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Iliad and the Odyssey is more of a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Odyssey was made into a movie starring Christopher Lee.
I don't really follow them, but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. Who is your favorite coach?
Yeah, that's right. Didn't NY Giants star in that movie?
Yes, they have won a few Super Bowls. They're a runner up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and Sandra Bullock. It was written by Sandra Bullock.
She starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Women in Love and X-Men: First Class
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you she starred in The Proposal which is a romantic comedy
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
Alive is actually a new book written by Charlaine Harris who also wrote The Midwife's Daughter.
Yes it is! It is also written by Tom Clancy.
The New York Rangers is a basketball team coached by Mike Woodson. Do you like basketball?
The owner is Mike Woodson, He is the owner of the Chicago Bears
Not sure,But I know that they are in the NFC South division
You are welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Thomas Lennon and Martin Starr. It was written by Martin McDonagh.
Colin Farrell starred in movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Predators. Are you interested in those movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what else Colin Farrell was in.
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos, Denver Broncos, and coached by John Fox.
Jim Caldwell and Jim Caldwell are a few players. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez.
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I love Michael Irby! He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I will.
Have you read the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, the movie is based on the book. Divergent was written by Veronica Roth.
Okay, a couple good ones are The Giver and The Giver.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a golfer from Dallas, Texas. Do you like golf?
I don't know where he is. Is he a golfer from Dallas?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is from Dallas too.
Yes, I know that she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a biography. Do you like that genre?
Yea, I'm not sure of her other works. Is she a poet, besides being an author, I wonder if she wrote poetry.
I don't know when it came out, but it looks like it was written by Richard LaGravenese, who is a great author.
Yes, I'll add them to your reading list.
Yes, he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor! He starred in You, Me, and Dupree. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a romantic comedy produced by James Franco. Are you a James Franco fan?
This is the End is a drama. Do you like drama?
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him except that he is a Midfielder
Yeah that's a great movie. It's a comedy about football. Do you like that kind of movie?
Doctor Zhivago is a Science Fiction movie. Didn't that movie star Roger Allam?
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
The Sea of Monsters was also written by Rick Riordan
It was also written by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
anything else i can help you with?
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you read them yet?
Sure, have you read The Martian Chronicles or The Illustrated Man?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend some other romance books if you like
You are welcome!
I don't know much other than he plays for FC Barcelona. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, she's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Adam Sandler is a great golfer from Dallas. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider too. He's a great actor. I like him in a lot of movies. Grown Ups. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was. She was also in Frida. I love her movies.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath as well as many others. Would you like to know more about those books?
Yes, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt.
You might also like Catch-22 which is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
I am not sure, but I do know that Saina Nehwal was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
That's right, I'm not sure about that.
Do you like Thor because it is starring Natalie Portman or because it is a thriller?
Good movie starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson are some good ones.
Robert Downey Jr. starred in X-Men: First Class and he directed The Incredible Hulk.
Then I would recommend checking out The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Both are excellent adventure movies.
Eric Brees is a great children's literature. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination 2 is a thriller movie starring Eric Brees. Eric Brees is also the director of The Final Destination 2.
The Butterfly Effect was directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees also directed and starred in the movie The Final Destination.
William Scott also starred in The Final Destination. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, October Sky is a Halloween movie starring Robin Williams. It is a Horror movie.
Happy to help.
I do like her music. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Britney Spears starred in Pauly Shore is Dead as well. Do you like her work?
You're welcome.
300 is directed by him.
I don't have that information, but Pencil 300 was directed by Frank Miller.
Sure, Frank Miller starred in it as well as directed it. The movie is based off of the original story.
Gerald McRaney starred in this movie. He also starred in Scream 4 which you might like.
Yes, he is my favorite Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a great Sci-Fi book. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. Do you like them?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Correct! And if you like romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion. It was released in 1817.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure, but Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2004
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder. Do you like that movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder and The Last Samurai. Have you seen them?
You are welcome.
I don't really follow them, I don't know much about them anymore. Are you a Packers fan?
I don't really follow them, but I think Brett Favre was a great qb. He's a great qb.. Is he your favorite?
I'm more of a Bears fan myself. I'm a Packers fan myself. What about you?
Sure My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult, do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, Where There's Smoke is also a novel written by Jodi Picoult, have you read it?
No, I don't have any information on crime fiction. I can recommend some of the books if you like.
I do, actually. Didn't he play on the Germany national football team?
I'm not a big soccer fan myself but I do like the New Germany national football team.
It definitely is! Did you know he won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners, and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read any of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is Speculative fiction and The Diviners is Fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, they speak in Polish. Do you like Russian?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I do know that Drew Brees is a member of the New Orleans Saints.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a professional golfer born in Hawaii.
There is no information about that. Did you know she is from Honolulu?
Wow, I didn't know that. What other sports do you like?
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Bodyguard was written by Joss Whedon. It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It was released in 1996 and was directed by Ridley Scott. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
I don't know much about him other than he was dating Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him except that he is a celebrity. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but I think he is married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy Films?
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars
If you like Adventure films, you might also enjoy Treasure Planet.
Sure! She wrote The Ship of Brides, The One Plus One, and The One Plus One. Have you read any of those yet?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Oz Books. Have you read that?
No, I haven't read that one. But I heard it's a great book. Did you know it was made into a movie?
I will add that one to my watch list. I hope you enjoy them!
I like Rafael Nadal, but my favorite tennis player is Venus Williams. Do you like her?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer too. What about you?
I don't think so. I think Roger Federer is a great tennis player too.
You're welcome!
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these yet?
Great choice! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1914 and was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more of his books?
Cool! The Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1914 and was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. I'll add it to your list.
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his books?
Have you tried Xenocide or Xenocide?
You're welcome!
I haven't. I'm more into Science Fiction and Psychological Thrillers. Do you like those genres?
The Insurgent is also written by her as well. Do you like her work?
It is a suspense/mystery novel. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I don't know much about her other than he composed Jar of Hearts. Do you like her?
I like sing a thousand years by Christina Perri. Do you like her song A Thousand Years?
I'm not sure, but I do like her song A Thousand Years. Do you like her?
Do you like Thor because it is a thriller or because it stars Natalie Portman?
I don't know what other movie he's starred in but he was also in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those books?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about it?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
I do like the Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Cleveland but I do know that the Cleveland Cavaliers are owned by Bob McNair.
I grew up in the US so I saw them a lot a few times, actually. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he's coached for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Dead Poets Society, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, Peter Weir directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she was in Princess Protection Program?
Did you know she starred in Stuck on You?
Sure! Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by Lois Lowry. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and was released in 2009. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, it is written by Lois Lowry and is Speculative fiction.
Absolutely, I am happy to help.
You are welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
It was! Rosemary Wells was also a screenwriter for Charlotte's Web.
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in How to Train Your Dragon, How about you?
If you like comedy, you might like Young Frankenstein. It is a good one.
Sure. Submarine is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Return of the Jedi and The Empire Strikes Back.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by Douglas Adams or because it was a biography?
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a Fiction book that was released in 1996.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a Mystery and was written by Douglas Adams.
Absolutely! I'm always happy to help!
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Are you a fan?
I like Nsync, how about you? Do you like their music?
I like them a lot. I am more of a steelers fan myself. They're pretty cool.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania. They are coached by Jim Caldwell.
Yes, you're right. Did you know Ray Lewis was also a linebacker?
I'm a huge sports fan. I also enjoy watching the Superbowls.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was Science Fiction or a Science Fiction Film?
Other science fiction movies I recommend are X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World War Z.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
The End of the Affair is similar to L.A. Confidential. I highly recommend it.
You are welcome!
Yes, that is a good movie starring Paul Giamatti and Johnny Depp.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Robert De Niro directed it?
Yes, that is correct. Denzel washington is also great in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a very good movie
Yes! Rufus Sewell also starred in the Pianist with Thomas Lennon.
Great! You might also enjoy The Bell Jar and The Messenger.
The Pianist is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
Isn't she married to Rory McIIroy?
No, I didn't know that. What genre are you looking for?
joe pesci is one of my favorite actors. he has been in a lot of movies. My favorite is American Gangster.
I am not sure where Serena is buried. I do know that Serena is her sister.
Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. It is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
It's a Action Film. Do you like Action movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for films similar to genre.
You're welcome!
It was written by John Green who also wrote Paper Towns.
Have you read Wreck-It Ralph? That's a great book.
It was written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like that author?
Yes, will do.
Sure! Do you like the author, Neil Gaiman or the genre Science Fiction?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. Natasha Preston also wrote it.
You're welcome!
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel written by Lauren Oliver. You might also like The Last Olympian written by Lauren Oliver.
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but Pandemonium is a Romance novel by John Green. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of Madonna?
Yes, I see. I love her music as well. Did you know she was also involved with Taylor Swift?
Yes, that is right. Did you know she was also a member of Madonna?
I'm not sure about that, but I do like her in A Star is Born.
Yeah, you're right. Didn't that movie star Madonna? I remember watching it now.
That movie stars Joel Coen, Joel Coen, and Joel Coen. It was written by Joel Coen.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It is in English. Would you like to know more about it?
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People.
Sure. He wrote Xenocide, The Man in the High Castle, and many more. Have you read any of those?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I do not have any information on that at this time. Sorry.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is an action movie or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed That Thing You Do!
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote a lot of movies. Two of my favorites are The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of these?
It was released in 2012 and was written by Darren Aronofsky
Requiem of a Dream is starring Ellen Burstyn
Yes, he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Apocalypse Now stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Billy Crudup, and Billy Crudup. Do you like any of these actors?
I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but I do know that Apocalypse Now is a Romantic Comedy.
Sure Mr. Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
You're welcome!
I do! She wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of Earth. Are you familiar with her work?
I am not sure, but I know Hayley Atwell also starred in The Wedding Date?
It's considered a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they coached by Jim Caldwell?
Are you a Patriots fan? I don't follow the Patriots today.
Yeah, I liked him when he was with the Patriots. I didn't know that.
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. It's a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, she has starred in that movie as well as Mad Max Fury Road. Would you like to know more about her movies?
Yes, Jodie Foster also starred in The Brave One.
I'm not sure what it's about. Nicky Katt also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau, and The City and the Stars.
It was released in 1996 and it is a great book.
Did you know it was released in 2014 the same year?
You're welcome
Do you like the movie because it is starring Will Smith or because it is a drama?
Sure! If you like fiction then you'll like The Running Man or The Hunger Games.
Yes it does. It's also a film. Have you seen it?
Yes it was! It was also a film starring Bill Pullman.
I'll add it to your library. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great footballer. He plays for Wales National football team.
I don't know, but it looks like he is a midfielder.
Yes, he is from Wales from the Cardiff region
She is a musician, lyracist, and composer. Is that what you are looking for?
I love her music. Did you know she starred in a movie called Footloose?
Yeah, she's a fine vocalist. I like the song Call Me Maybe. I like that one.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. It is a Romance novel. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anthony Heald. Have you seen that one?
I like Anthony Hopkins in that movie. I think I saw him in The Silence of the Lambs. I know he also starred in it.
Emily Griffin wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2012.
It's a great movie! Kevin Corrigan and Jeff Bridges were also in it.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Life and Life of Pi. Are you a fan of this author?
It's a great book! It was written by Yuvraj Singh. It's a Speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish footballer. Do you like soccer?
Robert Lewandowski plays Forward
Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read them?
The Selection is a fantasy novel by Kiera Casss. Kiera Casss's works are similar to The Queen.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Glad I could help!
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action movie or because it is a sci-fi?
Great, then I would recommend Action movies. Have you seen any of them?
Mark Margolis stars in X-Men. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, Pimp My Ride was a great comedy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn. She also wrote Dark Places, Rogues and Sharp Objects.
That was a great book! I enjoyed it a lot. Did you know she was born in Chicago?
You're welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by Yann Martel. Have you seen it?
It was written by J. K. Rowling, who also wrote The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you heard of it?
It is Fiction. Do you like fiction? You should check it out.
It is a great book! It was written by Tony Gilroy. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Oh yes. Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Outliers: The Story of Success. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman wrote Fair Game, The Bourne Identity, and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen any of those?
Fair Game is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Golden Compass is a great action film
Fair Game is starring Jim Sturgess
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he did. Amadeus is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I can. Amadeus is available for you.
It was written by C.S. Lewis, who also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - a great book!
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis. It is part of the The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The Silver Chair was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
I think Gautam Gambhir is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like that sport?
I don't really follow cricket. I do know a lot about it. I think I heard he's a good athlete.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's a good athlete.
I love him in The Other Guys. Do you like his music?
I am not sure about that. I don't know of any movies he has starred in either movie
I don't know of any movies. I do see he has a song called Space Jam
It is written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
I don't know of any other books by him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is an American novelist who wrote many novels. Would you be interested to know some other books he wrote?
he wrote the Battleship
it is a tragicomedy. Do you like this genre?
you are welcome!
I think he is a talented footballer, do you like soccer?
I don't really follow sports but I do like American Football.
I like watching the Celtics game, but I don't really follow the sport either.
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I'm not sure, he is a writer. He also wrote "Go Further".
I don't have any information on that one, but I can find some other books he wrote if you like.
Yes, it is written by John Kesey.
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Magician's Nephew.
He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Josh Duhamel also starred in it.
Eva Mendes was also in the movie I love with Woody Harrelson
Yes it was a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Bradley Cooper. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was also in American Sniper. He was also in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. It's also a comedy.
You're welcome
Martin Scorsese wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a great movie. It was written and directed by Steven Zaillian.
Yes, that is a great movie. Step Brothers was written by Steven Zaillian. I highly recommend it.
Ok. Step Brothers was written by Joel Coen. He's a great actor.
Sure! It was written by Joel Coen. It's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
It is an adventure movie starring Brad Pitt, who also starred in Step Brothers.
You're welcome!
Yes! Toy Story 2 is written by Woody Allen. Have you seen it?
Yes. Tom Hanks also wrote Larry Crowne. Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy produced by Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and was directed by Tom Hanks.
Yes, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a comedy with some great comedy. I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I can! I recommend Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Shawshank Redemption.
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie starring Neeson. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about Cleveland but I do know that the Cleveland Cavaliers are owned by Bob McNair.
That's right! I'm a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I'm a Denver Broncos fan.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe the Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. How about you?
That is correct, did you know John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
New Jersey was written by John Farrell and Charlize Theron. It was released in New Jersey.
I didn't see that, but I do like that movie. That was a great movie, have you seen it?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, Mark Twain actually wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Did you like the book because it was a Science Fiction?
You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
You're welcome!
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Goonies starred J. K. Rowling and Robert Downey Jr.. It was released in 2001.
I don't really follow her music but I do like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, that's right. I'm a huge fan of Nicki Minaj. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I didn't know she was a pop artist as well, but I'm not sure if she acted in that genre.
I haven't read it but heard it was good. It was released in 2003
Well, Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction. It is written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his?
I do like thrillers. I can recommend Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and The Lorax. Have you read any of these?
Theodore Lesieg wrote Theodore Lesieg and it was released in 1867. Do you like Theodore?
It was released in 1994
Would you like a recommendation or something else i can help with?
Yes I have added that
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the Kansas City National Football League. I am not a huge fan of the National Football League.
I'm a Redskins fan. What about you?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a Science Fiction book. Do you like Science Fiction?
He also wrote Never let me go. It is a science-fiction as well as science-fiction as well.
Yes, The Buried Giant is a movie starring Jim Carey. Would you like to see it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he starred in Gangster Squad and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven.
in 1946
It is a Thriller
Your welcome
I do! Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
I don't know if he was influenced by Agatha Christie. He wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, though.
Sure, he wrote The Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai.
It stars Akira Kurosawa, Takashi Shimura, and Yojimbo. It was released in 1962.
Zakhm is a great movie he was in.
Glad I could help!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions is starring Ray Winstone. what else can i answer for you today?
Are you looking for any other comedy films?
you are welcome. anything else i can help with?
I'm not a big football fan but I think they're doing good this year.
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
What do you think of the Redskins?
I love Michael Jackson! My favorite song by him is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. How about you?
I haven't seen it, but I remember it being such a good movie. Do you like it because it is a drama?
Yes, he was also in The Wiz. Have you seen that one?
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Great! Max Brooks wrote, directed, and starred in X-Men: First Class, have you seen that?
Brad Pitt was a great lead as well as a great actor. I highly recommend it.
I don't really like them, but I do like their coach John Farrell. Do you like them?
I'm more of a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. How about you?
They have a lot of good players like Trent COle and Chris Martin. I'm not sure about them.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov was the director of the famous Harry Potter series. Do you like Harry Potter?
Sure, it stars Johnny Depp and Kate Beckinsale to name a few. It is a crime thriller. Do you like that genre?
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Yes he wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, Hugh Jackman stars in it. Did you know he also starred in The Wolverine?
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Would you like to hear more about Hugh Jackman?
Douglas Adams was written by John Green and released in 2002.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released in 1996
There are so many great fiction books that you might enjoy are; The Way of the Gun, The Way of Zenda, and The Blade Runner.
Glad I could help!
Sure, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Yes, he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Marlon Brando also starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen that?
Marlon Brando also starred in Apocalypse Now. It was a great movie!
That was a great movie! Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola also starred in The Godfather Part II?
Apocalypse Now is a classic! Farrah Fawcett is a great actor.
I think the Green Bay Packers are a great football team, I think Mike Shanahan is their quarterback. How about you?
I didn't know that! What sport do you like?
That's a great place, yes there is a lot of history there. But, I know a lot about Pittsburgh - especially if I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills, though.
I don't know much about the Bears. I have heard they are having a good season this year. Who do they root for?
Sounds like they're doing good this year. Are they having a good season this year?
I like college football as well. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I do not have any information on that, but I can tell you that Pruitt Taylor also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy.
You Again was a great movie! It was written by Caroline Wozniacki and stars Thomas Lennon.
The Namesake was written by J. D. Salinger. He also wrote The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
Well, then I would recommend The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I would also recommend the book.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom which is a Science Fiction Film. Have you seen it?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
He is a country singer, do you like country?
I don't know what else he sings, but he is known for being a singer and a model from Nashville.
I don't have that information, but he was originally influenced by Selena Gomez.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liard, which is a Children's Literature. She also wrote Winnie the Pooh. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 2004. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the series by Sara Shepard. But, I can recommend some other horror shows.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I think their coach David Platt is good. Are you a fan?
I'm not a fan of the sport, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys.
That's okay. Didn't he star in Ocean's Eleven?
I don't know much about football, but I do know the Pittsburgh Steelers are coached by Jim Caldwell.
Well, I don't know much about the coach either. I think Mike Tomlin was the coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Yeah, I didn't know that. I think Mike Tomlin was from there. I don't really follow him.
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn starred in it. He's a great actor. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I will send it to screen.
You're welcome!
She wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either of those?
It was also written by Laura Esquivel
Yes she did, she was also a teacher
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards. It was released in 2005.
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas and was born in Killeen.
You're welcome
Yes he wrote Defending Jacob. Have you read that one?
It is definitely a movie, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller. It's like Defending Jacob.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
It was released in 2004
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. His most famous work is Much Ado About Nothing and The Chronicle History of Henry the Fifth. Are you interested in his work?
What You Will is a fantasy novel by William Shakespeare, based on the works of William Shakespeare's work.
I'm always glad to help!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great movie. He also directed Headhunters
It is starring Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch.
You're welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
He wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
Glad I could help!
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know about that, but I know he is from the United States of America.
It is a Romantic Comedy about a Boyfriend, but I don't know if it is a movie.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day.
Yes she starred in Wonder Woman and also in The Hangover. Have you seen those?
The Situation is a drama starring Connie Nielsen, who also starred in The Ice Harvest.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is ok, he is friends with Woody Harrelson, do you like his movies?
Friends with Benefits has genre Comedy-drama
I didn't know she was on that show but I did enjoy that comedy.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is considered a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman. Would you be interested to check it out?
Then you might like The Passenger or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Zaslow.
Yes, he did. He starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
I'm adding that as well.
Sure, he wrote The Wackness, starring Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. Do you like romance movies?
The Wackness is in the genre Drama. Do you like drama?
Chris Hemsworth and Anne Hathaway starred in Wackness.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Great choice, let me know if you need anything else.
Great choice! The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a classic.
Yes, he wrote a few movies like The Ghost Writer, The Ninth Gate, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of those?
Do you like his movies? He wrote X-Men 2.
1867
Do you like the genre Young-adult fiction?
Jack London starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Van Helsing and many more!
Yes, that's correct. It was a good movie.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. It's a Thriller.
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Yes, James Franco is a great actor. He also starred in Fight Club and The Shopaholic.
I don't know of any other movies he was in. Sorry.
I'm not sure what year Shadow and Lies was released. Would you like to know more about it?
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein. Are you interested in any of this genre?
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in this genre?
Frankenstein is written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Fight Club is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like Psychological Thrillers?
Zach Grenier is one of the starring actors in Fight Club. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a thriller.
You are welcome!
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you interested in reading either of those?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes! He was in The Siege. He was also in The Last Samurai.
You got it! Edward Zwick was in Antwone Fisher. That was a great movie.
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was. He was in Volcano High.
No problem!
I don't really follow them, but I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
It's okay. There's a film called Fred Wilpon that starred in called Fred Wilpon?
I like baseball too. My favorite team is the Dodgers and the Dodgers.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and is written by Stephen J. Dubner
I do not have that information but I can recommend other movies starring Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like him?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few of his movies.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are action films.
You are welcome.
He wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Do you like Science Fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he wrote Xenocide. Are you familiar with that?
You might like Welcome to the Monkey House or We have Welcome to the Monkey House.
Do you like him because he's a movie or because it is a thriller?
Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson are in it. Do you like them?
I don't think so, but he was also in The Republic of Love.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It was released in 1985 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like that movie?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino, and was released in 1995.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Pacifier.
I don't have much information on the movie but I do know it is a comedy film starring Anne Hathaway.
He has been in a lot of movies. Is there a specific genre you are looking for? Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
I agree! Didn't they win the Super Bowl XLVIII?
Philadelphia Eagles owner is J. K. Rowling. The Philadelphia Eagles owner is John Fox.
I only watch the last season, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I like the Patriots, but I'm a Patriots fan.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Sarah Celi.
Sam Mendes also starred in Water for Elephants, which was written by Alan Ball. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a historical period drama as well as romance. Do you like that genre?
Do you like it because it is starring William Hurt or because it is starring William Hurt?
You might like The Incredible Hulk or The Amazing Spider-Man 2. The Incredible Hulk is also Science Fiction.
That's a great choice! It was released in 2010. Would you like to see it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a good one. Have you seen it?
Then you might like Die Hard 2. It's a action movie.
Do you like War Z because it is a crime movie or because it is an action movie?
Sure! He also starred in X-Men 2. He was also in Space Jam.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more about one of these movies?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. She is also a musician and a cartoonist.
I don't know, but I do know she has starred in The Wedding Date? That is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
He is in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, but he was also in The Wolverine which is a thriller.
Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Women in Love and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen them?
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Roger Rees. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk. Do you like romantic comedies?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Ben Affleck is starring in that movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Ben Affleck wrote Good Will Hunting. Would you like to watch it?
The Town is a horror movie starring Ben Affleck, who also starred in The Town.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a book called Xenocide. Are you a fan of that genre?
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novel?
Yes, I can recommend The Brief Wondrous Life of Walter Mitty, The Return of the Native and The Plains of Passage.
You are welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise was in Days of Thunder. Did you know that Tom Cruise was also in that?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend some other movies directed by Tom Cruise if you like.
Glad I could help!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that?
He was in Hudson Hawk. It's a great movie. He also starred in it.
The most famous would be Transformers: Revenge of the Brides. Rhett Reese is in that too.
Great, hope you like it
I know he was a songwriter and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great composer
I don't know too much about him but I do know he has a song called Space Jam
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek III starring Robert Downey Jr.
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Sure! She wrote The Slippery Slope, The House of Hades and The House at Pooh Corner.
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
Glad I could help.
Yes, he starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, both of those are dramas. Dwayne Johnson also starred in What Just Happened to Goodbye which was also written by him.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that one, but Yann Martel was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Yes, you're correct. She also wrote The Hangover and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yep, it was. She also wrote the Dark Knight, which is a great movie.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like more recommendations?
It is written by Robert Louis Stevenson,Is that what you are looking for?
You are welcome. There is also a film adaptation of the film starring Robert Downey Jr.
There is also The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I don't have much information on him but I do know he is from NC
Yeah, he is a point guard too. He's a great player.
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
Teacher Man was a Speculative Fiction.
You are welcome
I love that book! Silence of the Lambs! It was written by Joss Whedon. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a speculative fiction book.
It was released in 1997. It is a thriller.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about them except that Jose Mourinho is their coach. Do you like him?
I don't really follow soccer. I think Real Madrid C.F is coached by Jose Mourinho and Fernando Hierro.
I don't follow soccer, I know they are owned by Jose Mourinho
Jack London wrote To The Lighthouse and The Sea Wolf. Have you read either of these?
Sure. The Tales of Beedle the Bar is a good fiction book. Have you read it?
Yes, Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you see it?
Yes, that was a great show. Did you see it?
Yes, that was a great show. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Tropic Thunder?
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Would you like recommendations for comedies based on comedy or comedy genre?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, Fanstatic Beasts is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Have you read it?
I don't know anything on her, but I do know that she wrote and starred in Fifty Shades of Grey
Cool. Then you might also like The Casual Vacancy.
I don't know of any other books by Maurice Hindle. I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
The author of The Hunger Games is J.K. Rowlings. It's a fantasy novel.
No problem!
Andrew Adamson starred in the sci-fi genre. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure, Shrek 2 was written by Mike Myers. Have you seen it?
I am not a fan of the Mets. Are you a fan of the Mets?
There are a few ballparks. The New York Mets' Stadium isn't it? Is that a baseball team?
It's more of a baseball movie, but it's more of a baseball movie. Did you see it?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix and The Human Stain are you familiar with either?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he starred in a movie called The Secret Life of Walter Mitty.
I love Chealsea! She's a great actress. Did you know she was born in Paris?
I couldn't find any info on the team, but I did find a lot of information on the team overall. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Agreed. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Yes, it was written and directed by Iain Canning and starring Shia LaBeouf, it is an action adventure movie.
Yes, he wrote the movie X-Men. Are you a fan of his?
Pianist was a horror film.
I don't know much about them, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I'm a Packers fan. I think the Panthers are doing a good job this year.
Yea, I'm not a huge fan of football but I do know he was coached by Jim Caldwell.
That definitely isn't drama, but I do enjoy watching it. It's very good!
You're welcome
I don't really follow them, but I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I don't know, but I do know that they won World Series.
I do. Did you know Field of Dreams was produced by Ray Bradbury?
Derrick Rose is a point guard for the Timberwolves. Are you a fan?
I do like LeBron James, but I think he's a good basketball player
I haven't seen it before. I know he is a basketball player too.
It's a great movie! Men in Black was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a great movie.
If you like that one, you might also like Zombieland starring Charlize Theron.
Yes it was, it was very well received as a lot of movies. If you like Sherlock Holmes and the Sherlock Holmes series, you might like it.
Glad I could help.
Sure, have you seen the other Batman Begins movies?
The sequel Inception is Batman Begins. Would you like to see it?
Anytime!
He wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of those yet?
It was released in 2005. The Golden Fool was written by Mad Ship was released in 1985.
He wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Some of my favorites are Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Kaye and starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., and Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Lake of Fire stars Tony Kaye. Do you know of any other movie starring George Clooney?
Lake of Fire is a Crime Fiction film starring Jim Carey. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Poems and Other Poems are very good
He wrote Wild
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a paranormal romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and was released in 1985. Would you like to know more about other books by her?
No. James Dashner is the main author.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a fantasy?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or Zodiac.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad I could help!
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a Fiction book released in 2011.
Yes, would you like me to add that as well?
That was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Godfather Part II.
He is one of the best in the NBA. Did you know he was from Boston?
Yes he is. Did you know he is also a member of the NBA team?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around. Are you a fan?
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned: Chicago Bulls : Team Owned: Chicago Bulls : Team Owned: Chicago
I am not sure, but I do know that the Chicago Bulls are coached by Jim Caldwell
Anytime!
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was a great book. It was written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a Thriller. I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a drama?
Did you enjoy it because it was a romance novel or because it was a romance novel?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is a romance novel by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. Do you like them?
I like Warner Bros. Records as well as Ken Whisenhunt. I love their music. I like Bend It Like Beck.
Andrew Stanton directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice. It is a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It was written and directed by Andrew Stanton. It is a family drama.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres is starring in it. It is a comedy/crime/comedy.
You are welcome!
Yes! He starred in Zambezia. Have you seen it?
Correct. Do you like Jennifer Hale because she is in it?
I don't have any other Family movies. Are you into Family movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer, do you like Cricket?
I don't know much about him except he is a famous bowler.
Yes, Simon Beaufoy wrote it and it was directed by David Ayer.
I think Damian Lilliard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Do you like basketball?
Yes he does. He's a great basketball player. He's a point guard too.
I'm not a huge basketball fan so I'm more of a Steelers fan myself.
The King's Speech is written by Iain Canning and stars Tom Hanks. It is a great movie.
Yes, that is correct. She also starred in The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen that?
Did you know Jesus of Nazareth was written by Mark Twain?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
I don't know that. I do like Shakira. She has a lot of celebrity friends.
I don't really follow her music. I do like Shakira
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know that they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Yeah, I like the Bears, but if I'm a Bears fan, I'm a Bears fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Well, I'm a Zack Broncos fan, so I hope they win the Super Bowl!
Isn't he a basketball player from Oklahoma City?
I think he is a point guard, he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. He also won NBA Rookie Team.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of Earth. Do you like her work?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller.
Yes, she starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Return of the Native.
You're welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie! Brokeback Mountain starred Seth Rogen, Mark Wahlberg, and Diane Kruger to name a few.
I don't know of any other movies she is in, but Heath Ledger starred in End of Watch.
I don't really follow them, but I do know that the team is owned by Lovie Smith.
I don't really follow sports, but I do know that Lovie Smith is the coach.
I don't really follow sports, but I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.
Do you like J.K. Rowling? She also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar and The Cuckoo's Calling.
Did you know she also starred in the Harry Potter series? I think it's a great read!
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Sure! He starred in To Rome with Love, To Rome with Love, and To Rome with Love.
To Rome With Love stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. It is considered a romantic comedy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Spirited Away was a great movie. Did you know Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond?
Well, if you're looking for more of a Japanese cartoon style, you might also enjoy the Shallow Hall or the Jungle Book.
I have one called Scream of the Banshee, which was written by J. K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Marriage Plot. Have you read any of these?
It is a Fiction book. It was released in 1993. It is about a girl who runs a ranch.
It was released in 1991. It is a book about a girl who runs a ranch and falls in love with her.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Do you like it because it's comedy?
Seth Rogan starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mindy Kaling was also in Pineapple Express. It is a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Return of the Native and The Last Samurai. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in Twilight.
Yes, I can tell you that Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Absolutely, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. I love her song Call Me Maybe. Do you like her music?
I like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
I haven't heard it, but I like the song he sings Stay with Me. Have you heard it?
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
He produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
He also produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure, but I can check it out it is directed by Christopher Nolan.
Glad I could help!
He is a player on the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
Is Dani Alves an athlete on the Brazil national football team?
I don't know too much about them. I do know they're coached by Jim Caldwell.
I don't know too much about them. Are they having a good season this year?
That's true. Didn't he win the NFC North?
Well, would you like to know about other things written by Charles Dickens?
Charles Dickens was influenced by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Great Expectations was also written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote A Christmas Carol, that year.
Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. It is considered a memoir.
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was written in English.
Glad I could help.
I do, she wrote The Selection and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read them?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a thriller.
The Siren is a fantasy novel by Kierra Cass. It was released in 2012.
Glad to help!
Sure! Did you like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it was a thriller?
Yes it is. Do you like action movies?
A Christmas Carol starring Diane Keaton and Julia Roberts is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm was a great book. Did you know George Orwell also starred in The Truman Show, The Secret History of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You're welcome!
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago, El otoo del patriarca
He wrote the Subtle Knife and The Magician's Nephew. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Ralph Steadman wrote it. Would you like to know more about it?
Well, if you're interested, maybe you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series, have you seen it?
I don't know when it was released, but I do know it was written by Andrew Niccol.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Machine, and The Words. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods is a mystery/fantasy movie starring Bradley Cooper.
The Words is a mystery/crime and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote Lord of the Rings.
Think and Grow Rich has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
yes it was. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems are some of his work.
The Raven was released in 1987. The Tell-Tale Heart is a mystery.
You are welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete on Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about it either. I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho
I'm not sure, but I do know that Barcelona was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Aladdin was written by John Green, would you like me to bring it up?
He was also in the X-Men movies. Are you a fan of Aladdin?
Sure. The movie was written by Jeffery Deaver
Neil Jordan directed The End of the Affair and The Good Thief. Do you like action movies?
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Good Thief is starring Ralph Fiennes. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair. Have you seen it?
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed several movies including Pulp Fiction, Resident Evil, and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he was also in Grindhouse. Did you know he is also an actor?
He was also in Grindhouse. Did you know he was also a director?
No problem.
Do you like Downfall because it is a War film or because it is a War film?
Matt Damon and Marcia DeBonis are in this movie
Matt Damon and Cameron Crowe are in it. Do you like them?
You are welcome
I do! He's a great singer. Did you know he was born in Miami?
Oh yes, I like her song Thank Me Later. What about you?
I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a good song?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The City of Ember.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You are welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by Christopher Nolan and Denim was released in 1969. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is a comedy by Sedaris, David Sedaris, and David Sedaris, the director of the movie, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, is a great movie!
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Youth in Revolt and Roxanne West.
Youth in Revolt is a comedy drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Great, have a great day!
Sure, have a great day!
Of course! Blood Diamond was written by Neil Gaiman, who also wrote The Little Prince. Do you like Neil Gaiman?
That was a great movie! Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
The Lord of War was released in 2005
She starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know of any other movies he was in. I do know that he also starred in The Croods and he was also in The Scorpion King.
Yes, that is correct. He was also in The Return of the Native
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway. Do you like romance films?
She was in the movie Valentine's Day, have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in that movie as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
Sounds good! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was released the same year.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, then I can recommend What Lies Beneath, When You Reach Me and What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which was written by Ted Tally. Have you seen it?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like Nightcrawler movies?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like movies with Matt Damon?
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Fountainhead, a drama film. Are you a fan of drama?
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki is a great movie. You should check it out.
I don't know of any actors in it, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Witching Hour, have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in X-Men 2.
Sure! He wrote There Will Be Blood, The Master, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
There Will Be Blood stars Rosa Salazar and Rosario Dawson. Do you like Romance films?
You are welcome!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Do either of those interest you?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Absolutely, have a great day
Sure, have you read Where the Wild Things Are, or When the Wind Blows?
No problem, hope you enjoy it!
I have heard of it. It was written by Kurt Wimmer, who also wrote The Reptile Room.
Ok. I'll add that now.
Yes it is. It was written by James Patterson.
You are welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, Nabokov wrote it
It is speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
I think he's a great boxer, but I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer.
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko is the domestic partner of Hayden Panettiere.
I don't know, but I do know that he starred in Ocean's Eleven.
That's right! I really liked her in Scream 4.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat is a great one and so is The Cat in the Hat.
That's correct! Have you read that one?
Kung Fu Panda is a great movie! Did you know Ethan Hawke starred in it?
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, she was in that movie. Emma Stone was in that movie.
No problem!
He wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web. Have you read them?
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Chris Hemsworth is starring in the movie. Do you like him?
It was released in 2003 starring Steve Martin. Do you like him?
That is correct. Joel Cohen also starred in the movie. Do you like his movies?
You are welcome!
The Terminator stars Christian Bale and Matt Damon. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, The Women of Brewster Place is starring William H. Macy as well as William H. Macy.
I don't know about that, but I do know that he was in The Women of Brewster Place.
Yes, I will add that as well.
Natascha McElhone is a great actress. She was also in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen either of those?
The Truman Show was released in 2003 and also stars Jim Carey. Do you like him?
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It is a Science Fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Deception Point is a Mystery. Would you like to know more about it?
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are, and The Secret Art of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Little Bear is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Great! You might also like A Christmas Carol, have you seen that one?
Happy to help!
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
He's directed a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of things, including Wide Sargasso Sea, The Invisible Man, and Blade Runner. Have you seen any of those?
Inland Empire is a thriller.
Idiocracy is starring Daniel Radcliffe and Matt Damon. It was written by David Lynch.
It was released in 2016. It is a great movie.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
You got it!
Sure, Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like historical dramas?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
It's a great movie. The Sound of Music stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp.
You are welcome
Ellen starred in The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Have you seen it?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a Spanish tennis player from Spain and has won many awards.
Yes, I do like Serena too. I like her as well. Did you know she is also a model?
That's interesting! Did you know Garfinkel is also a musician?
Go Set a Watchman is a similar book you might like.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a film by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome!
I love her music. Did you know she was featured in a movie called Birthday?
I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do like Dancer. What about you?
I didn't know she was in that movie. I know she is married to Kelly Preston. Do you like her?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in Twilight. Do you like Romance movies?
If you like Peter Gallagher, you might also like The O.C. which is a drama.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Wonderland is a fantasy book. He also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome
I don't know a lot about him other than he plays football. Do you like football?
He played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about soccer. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams is her sister. Do you like her?
I didn't know that. Brett Ratner is a comedian, but he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in a thriller called Shark Night. That's a good movie.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Rick Riordan wrote that book. He also wrote Three Cups of Tea.
Yes, she wrote The Lovely Bonesetter's Daughter. Are you a fan?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't have any recommedy but I can recommend some other great fiction novels by Alice Sebold.
Yes, it was written by Jack London.
Glad I could help.
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
I like Shoaib Malik because he is an athlete, he is also a Cricket player.
Well, he is not doing well, but he is still a good athlete.
Yes, he was. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it stars Natalie Portman or because it is a Fantasy?
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote X-Men: First Class.
Chris Weitz stars in the movie The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more about it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash was a great movie! It was directed by Melissa Benoist. Did you know it was released in 2014?
Yes Wade Williams is also in Troy Garity, did you know that?
I believe so, Elizabethtown is a romance film as well.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr., do you enjoy the author or the genre?
You might also like Timequake, it is a Science Fiction book.
Do you like Doomsday Book because it is a romance?
Yes, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen them?
Yes, John Sayles did. He also wrote and starred in it. Do you like his movies?
It's a great movie! It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I am a Tiger Woods fan myself. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well?
What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Yeah, I think you'd like it. It is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Truman Capote wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's are you familiar with either?
Yes, Mickey Rooney also starred in the movie. He was also in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I'm having trouble finding anything similar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It is a self-help book. Do you like that genre?
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote The One Minute Manager.
Yes, he wrote Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, Michelle Pfiefer, and Julia Roberts. It was released in 2012.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Similar to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas that was written by Ralph Fiennes, are you a fan?
Yes, he did write Hell's Angels as well. If you like action films, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
I'm not sure V for Vendetta is a Political Thriller, but I do enjoy that genre.
I do! She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read either of these?
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in 2003.
I don't know if it was directed by Tracy Chevalier, but I do know that it was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He wrote The Mist and The Green Hornet. Are you interested in any of those movies?
It is a great movie. Do you like Chris Owen? He also wrote The Mist. It is a Historical period drama.
Certainly, do you like musicals?
Great, do you like Annie Hall because it is a romantic comedy?
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which was written by Ted Tally.
Matt Damon Starred in Bourne Legacy
Romantic Comedy
The Last Stand is a good one
have you watch Guardians of the Galaxy
you are welcome
Yes, Where the Sidewalk Ends is a fiction book written by Art Spiegelman. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and The Giving Tree
Shel Silverstein wrote The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree are some of his works.
You're welcome
I know he sings country music, do you like country?
I don't know any songs by her, but I do like Taylor Swift!
Yes, I do agree that he is talented
She wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1991. It's considered children's literature.
Glad I could help!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is starring Emma Stone. Do you like it because it is a drama?
The Doors stars Steve Reeves, Justin Timberlake, and many more!
Yes, The Doors is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great actor. He starred in The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you seen those?
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Well, you might also like The Hunger Games or The Giver. Both are Young-adult fiction.
He is a great soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
Wayne Rooney is a soccer player from England
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, do you know who he is?
I don't really follow them, but I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coaches.
Yes, I am a fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Yeah, the Patriots were runner up in the Superbowl XIX Superbowl XIX Champions League too.
Do you like pitch perfect because it is a thriller or because it is an action movie?
Anna Kendrick also stars in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to see that one?
Yes, The Last Five Years is a film that also stars Kendrick. Would you like to see that?
I would recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer. It's a Science Fiction movie.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars. It's a musical comedy.
You are welcome.
I do, he's a great actor. He starred in We R Who We R, and The Warriors Way.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
I am not a fan either. I prefer American Football.
Yes, he is a defender for the London 2012 Summer Olympics. I don't follow the sport either.
Scott Westerfeld wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is science fiction that was released in 1987
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I think he is a midfielder on the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches the Barcelona national football team. I think he does. He is a great player as well.
Yes, Louis van Gaal also coached the Netherlands national football team as well.
He wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Sea Wolf. Have you read those?
He is a war novelist, and was born in Buenos Aires. Do you like his books?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James, who also wrote The Gathering Storm.
OK, then. E.L. James also wrote The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James. Are you looking for something similar?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that it is a book that was made into a movie
Sure, have a great day!
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of this genre?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 2010. Are you interested in this book?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption, among others.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
James Robinson is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
Yes, Patrick McGoohan wrote Braveheart. He also wrote Apocalypse Now.
Yes he did. He also directed it. Do you like dramas?
I see, I don't know about all his work but i know Braveheart was influenced by Kenneth Grahame
Is there anything else I can help with?
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2003, have you read it?
It's a non-fiction book written by Vince Flynn. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help!
I think Washington Redskins is a good football team. I think Mike Shanahan is the head coach.
That's right, did you know he also coached the Oakland Raiders?
I think so, he is still playing for the Oakland Raiders. Do you like the Patriots?
Sure Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Psychological Thriller, is that what you are looking for?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel. Do you like those types of books?
I'm not sure. I do know that Snow Crash was written by John Green.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Robert Downey Jr. or because it is starring Tom Cruise?
Robert Downey Jr. is one of the starring actors in Tropic Thunder.
How about X-Men: First Class? It's a Comedy-dramas.
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that it was released in 2003.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
You're welcome
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight, an action film.
Renny Harlin also starred in this movie
Cutthroat Island was written and produced by Steven Spielberg.
Great, enjoy!
I don't really follow them. I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I think they were better than the Patriots, but not as much as Dallas Cowboys. They grew up in the NFC South division with the Patriots, but they grew up in the NFC South division with the Patriots and the Patriots. They grew up in the NFC south.
I am not a fan of the Steelers, but I do like the Patriots. They have a good season this year.
Sure! Doug Liman directed a lot of movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Yes, it was! It was directed by John-Henry. It also has John-Henry and John-Henry. I think you'll enjoy it.
I don't know, but John-Henry starred in it. He's a great actor. He's also a director, producer, and screenwriter.
I don't know who starred in it, but John Powell starred in Waterworld. Would you like to know who produced it?
Yes! John Henry Henry is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in Tumbleweeds.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She is married to Gabrielle Union. She wrote The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Yes, it was. It also starred Reese Witherspoon.
I haven't seen it but I remember it being a sci-fi and adventure movie, have you seen it?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is starring Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, and many more!
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland & X-Men: First Class.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
300: Rise of an Empire is a good one.
300: Rise of an Empire is starring Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah. It was released in 2014.
I believe it was released in 2014.
You might be interested in The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
I don't know, but I do know that Eva Green the author of the movie starred in that movie.
Eva Green was born in Chicago, New York City, New York City, New York City, New York City and more.
You too!
I'm more of a fan of the San Francisco 49ers. How about you?
Magic Johnson is a basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California.
That's great! I had no idea they made it to a movie, but I did like that too.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde stars Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyn Peake, and Vladimir Nabokov.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
I haven't read any of the books, but I do know that The Ground Beneath Her Feet was also made into a movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Are you looking for a particular genre?
It's a great book! It was written by Sword of Shannara, a historical novel. Do you like those genres?
I don't know what other movies she wrote, but I do know that she wrote The Sword of Shannara.
I know a little about Paul Pogba. I know he plays football
I don't know much about him, other than he plays the forward position. Are you a football fan?
I'm more into football. What about you?
Haha, I think I'm a fan of football as well.
Patrick Suskind is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and screenwriter. He was influenced by Kurt Wimmer, what genre are you looking for?
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like John Steinbeck?
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer novel written by John Steinbeck. do you like that author?
Great. I would recommend Travels with Charley: In Search of America, The Winter of our Discontent, and many more. Have you read any of those?
I don't know, but you should check it out. It was written by John Steinbeck. It is a great read.
Stieg Larsson was the author of The Night Watch. I highly recommend it.
Happy to help. I hope you like it!
Do you like the movie In Bruges because it is written by Martin McDonagh?
Seven Psychopaths stars Jason Statham. It's a great movie.
Sure! She also starred in a few Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie! It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Keanu Reeves. Did you see that movie?
Absolutely! She also starred in the movie Thirteen. Have you seen it?
I don't see any other movies she has starred in. Sorry.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells.
It's a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
He also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
Of course! Are you a fan of the author, Fredrik Backman?
I haven't read that one yet, are you a fan of this genre?
Sure! Did you like the movie because it stars Morgan Freeman?
Okay, then you might want to check out Blade Runner or The Matrix.
If you like sci fi, you should check out The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great action movie.
Interstellar stars Chris Pratt and Robert Downey Jr. Do you like Sci Fi?
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Do you like their movies?
She also starred in American Pie, have you seen that one?
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he is a tennis player. Is he your favorite athlete?
I haven't had a chance to win a match, but only if I'm not mistaken, I'm not sure about the writting.
I don't really follow tennis, but it's kind of fun to watch.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta did write it. She also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a writer, screenwriter and screenwriter. He was a producer and a director as well.
Sure! Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a superhero movie or because it is an action movie?
Well, The Last Stand is a superhero movie, have you seen it?
Logan is a superhero movie starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth.
Certainly!
Yes, he is a great writer! He wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, Rian Johnson wrote a movie called The Cool World. He also starred in it.
I like drama films, I think you might like The Women of Brewster Place. It's a drama.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. what genre are you looking for?
Godfather is starring Al Pacino, Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1991 and was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King, are you interested in other books by him?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist, and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read any of these?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Stephen King. It is directed by Frank Darabont.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote one book called Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of hers?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. The Way Life Should Be, The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand are the same.
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith and it is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I am not sure, but Will Smith was in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a Science Fiction movie. Have you seen this one yet?
I am a Beatles fan. Are you a fan?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. If you like that genre you might also like Catch-22.
Yes it is. If you like adventure movies you should check it out. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, he is a composer, lyricist and composer. I like his song We Rode in Trucks.
I like him a lot, did you know he was also a model?
I do, did you know he had a romantic relationship with John Lennon?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about it?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Emma Watson, was also released in 1960
Yes, Les Miserables was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman. Are you a fan of this genre?
I recommend The Book of Life, The Book of Love, and The Invisible Man.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies that I can recommend.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a great movie! It was written by Tony Gilroy and Neil Gaiman, it is a Horror movie. Do you like Horror movies?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Meryl Streep also starred in The Phantom
Robert De Niro is also in that movie
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't really know much about them, but I do know that they're having a good season this year. They'll have a few Super Bowls next year. Do you have a preference?
Yes, that was written by Truman Capote. It is starring Harrison Ford. Do you like watching it?
I haven't seen it but I do see Reneee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters, Inc.
Do you like this movie because it is a thriller or because it is a drama?
Yes, J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He has starred in several thrillers, including The Scout, Whiplash and The Scout.
Emma Stone and Brad Pitt are in it. It is a really good movie. It is a really good movie.
Stephen Graham and Shawnee Smith starred in Public Enemies. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure what else he's been in, but James Russo was in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
I don't see any comedies that he is down but I do know he was in The Rum Diary. Do you like him?
Okay, have a good day!
Brad Pitt and Selma Hayek starred in the movie.
I don't know that fact, but Daniel Roebuck was in The Fugitive.
Yes, that was a great movie. You should check it out.
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, The Empire Strikes Back and The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones was in The Fugitive. He was also in The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The City and the Stars. Have you read either of those?
Peter Pan was released in 1904. He also wrote The Black Dahlia, a fantasy novel.
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't know him
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, I would recommend Fast Five. It stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez.
He also starred in XXX and The Chronicles of Riddick.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read it?
Yes and Jonathan Silverman also starred in Gone with the Wind. Are you a fan of his?
Weekend at Bernies II is a Comedy-drama. Do you like Comedy-drama movies?
Yes, it did. Kevin Nealon also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, she did. The Gazebo is a great movie.
The Gazebo is a drama as well as a comedy drama.
Yes, he wrote and directed the movie Children's Literature, Creepshow, and Children's Literature. Have you seen any of these?
Family Guy was written and directed by Seth MacFarlane and released in 1996. It has genres Comedy, Comedy, and comedy.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and starred in Scream 4
Skyfall is a war film. It stars Seth Rogen, Mark Wahlberg, and David Schwimmer.
Yes, he was also in The Hunt for Red October which is a thriller that was released in 2012.
Marc Forster produced this movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Anything else I can help you with today?
I think its a good adventure as well.
Have a great day!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes. I like her too. She was in a movie called Wicked Lovely which is a mystery.
I don't know any other book by him but I do know that Fifty Shades of Grey is a Mystery.
You're welcome!
Yes, isn't he the director who starred in the thriller The Blob?
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not read that book but heard it was good. Did you know that it was written by John Green?
That's great! I enjoyed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
That was released in 2008 and is a mystery/crime.
Max Brooks is a writer, he wrote World War Z. Did you know that he is also a scientist?
It was released in 2014. I don't know what year it was released. Are you a fan of this genre?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely!
Yes, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. What genre are you looking for?
Great, I would also recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a thriller.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor?
Yes, Michael Endes wrote the book and he also wrote The Good Doctor.
Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise or because Tom Cruise is in it because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Richard Portnow.
You're welcome!
Happy to help!
Great! I hope you like it!
Yes, he was married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like him?
Yes that is a good movie by Holden Scott, have you seen him in The Social Network?
I haven't seen it but I do like Justin Timberlake. Did you see him in The Social Network?
It was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like True Lies, you might also enjoy the movie True Lies. It stars Vince Vaughn.
Yes, it is. It's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
I know that Javier Hernández Balcázar is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by David Beckham.
You are welcome
Do you like the author Alan R. Clarke or do you like the genre?
Paulo Cohelo wrote A Lana Wachowski which was released in 1988.
Yes, Onze minutos & Demons was released in 1997
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in movies like The Shawshank Redemption and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen these movies?
Yes, she did star in that movie. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City, Kansas City Chiefs a division of the National Football League.
I like to watch football. I also like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
The invention of wings is a book written by Nick Cassavetes. It's considered a Sci-Fi.
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about him?
Andy Garcia was great in The Wildest Dream, and The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
Oh yes, Andy Garcia was in a lot of the movies. He was in a lot of The Other Woman, Top Gun, and The Cricket.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I think their head coach Gary Kubiak is the best coach in the NFC south.
I haven't seen it, but I do enjoy watching it. It's a great movie!
I have not seen that one, is it good?
I'm not sure, but I'll have to check it out. Enjoy!
Sure, Peter Berg directed The Kingdom, The Kingdom, and The Kingdom. Would you like to know more about any of these movies?
Battleship is a fantasy adventure film. Do you like fantasy?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, The Julian chapter was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you interested in hearing about other books by him?
That is correct
The Grapes of Wrath was also released that year
You are welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in Zombieland and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but I can recommend some other movies he has starred in.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, have you read it?
Scarlet Letter has genre Historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
I don't know when it was written. However, I do know that it was released in 1850.
Wicked Lovely is a good one as well as a few other books. Have you read them?
Persuasion is written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like his work?
Persuasion is a romance novel. Also Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1817.
You might enjoy Persuasion, Persuasion, or Emma.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, do you like speculative fiction movies?
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama, comedy, and action. Do you like these genres?
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama and crime. Do you like those genres?
Would you like a recommendation for a crime movie or a movie with a little bit of romance?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, I am going to add Russian to my list, would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Billy Boyd, Billy Boyd, and Billy Boyd.
He also starred in the movie Troy, have you seen that?
I do, did you know Kim Edwards wrote The Memory Keeper's daughter?
Kim Edwards also wrote The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King.
That is a great book! Would you like me to give it a try?
Snow Crash was written by Neal Stephenson. It's an excellent Sci-Fi novel. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Chris Pratt also starred in the movie. Do you like that movie?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tika Sumpter also starred in the movie.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested to check it out?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is written by Ernest Hemingway.
Glad I could help.
Have a good day.
He is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka, but I know he is from Switzerland.
I think he lost in a movie called Tommy Haas.
Do you like Running with Scissors because it is a mystery or because it is written by Kenneth Grahame?
A Wolf at the Table is a fantasy book released in 2007.
Yes, it is. It's a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
Which genre are these books written?
It's a fictional novel. Do you like those types of books?
Terry Pratchet wrote it. He also wrote the book.
Do you like genres? Wes Craven was written by Stephen King?
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, which is a horror movie. Do you like horror?
Yes he does, he also starred in The Scream series. Have you seen that one?
Glad I could help!
Of course, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
Yes Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1999
It was written by Neil Gaiman, have you heard of him?
The Graveyard Book is actually part of a series called Neverwhere. Other books in the fantasy genre are; The Absolute Sandman, The Sandman: End of Watch, and The Graveyard Book.
You're welcome!
I sure can! Lois Lowry wrote The Rules of Attraction, The Magician's Nephew, and The Magician's Nephew.
It's considered a Speculative fiction.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you 'The Giver' is in the fantasy genre.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the movie because it is an adventure movie?
Sure, he directed The Making of Star Wars. Are you familiar with that one?
Tom Hanks starred in Moon. He is a great actor.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it is a Mystery.
I don't really follow them, but I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coaches.
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLVIII Super Bowl XLI.
I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself. What do you think about the Seahawks?
I've never been to a football game. I'll have to check it out.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because it is an adventure movie?
Steven Spielberg
I don't know of any other movies he directed. Sorry
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon. what else can i answer for you today?
Yes he is. He also starred in Thor a thriller movie, have you seen that one?
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers
I haven't seen it yet, are you interested in other fairy tales by John Lee Hancock?
Matt Damon and Joely Richardson starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales.
He was in The People Speak, Push, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this genre?
Yes, I have read The Lightning Thief. Did you know that he also wrote The Titan's Curse?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre? Rick Riordan wrote The Lightning Thief.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in a movie called Water for Elephants, which was written by Sara Dessen.
The Sting, The Horse Whisper, and The Lake of Dreams are all great books by her.
Tom Hanks and Tim Thomerson starred in that movie. Are you a fan of either?
The genre is Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller, do you like this genre?
Yes. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like the author or the genre?
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Trees of Life.
Absolutely! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool is starring Stefan Kapicic, Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Deadpool has genre Fantasy
I love him! He is a great qb. Did you know he was in the movie Air Force One?
Yes, it's a company based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was a Businessman as well.
That's right. I didn't know he was a basketball player as well.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide?
This Lullaby is written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
Glad to help!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness, and Your Highness to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Whatever It Takes is starring Kate Beckinsale and is considered a romantic comedy.
I don't know when it was released.
You are welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She starred in The Bone Collector and The Bone Collector. Have you seen either?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction. She also wrote Faithful Senses.
Yes it is! Have you read Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It was a great movie! It stars Harrison Ford and Lukas Haas.
I don't know, but Robert Duvall also wrote it.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Farrah Fawcett starred in Farrah Fawcett. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Tod Fennell also starred in the movie. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
It's a Historical period drama, similar to Tod Fen.
You are welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by Jane Austen, or do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a novel. Paint It Black is a novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Akira Kurosawa was passed away in 1947. He also wrote The Seven Samurai.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Seven Samurai starred Charlize Theron. She's a great actress. She's been in many great movies.
I don't know of any other adventure movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was directed by J. K. Rowling. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes it was. It was also released in 1862
Muc is a horror film
Looks like he was also a play writer
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane is a great actor born in London. He also starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980s
You are welcome!
Have you read Where There's Smoke?
There's The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote The Posthumous Papers, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of those?
Charles Dickens was influenced by Charles Dickens. He wrote A Christmas Carol, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist.
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1853.
Great Expectations was made into a play! I'm glad I could help!
Glad I could help!
He is a point guard and point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I do, I'm a huge basketball fan
I like to watch football
I haven't. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. How about you?
Yes, Hellboy is a great movie starring Emilio Estevez and Marcia DeBonis, have you seen it?
I don't know what else he directed, but I do know that he directed The Bounty Hunter. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but I can check those out. Did you know that Hellboy was directed by James Cameron?
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We are the Living. Ayn Rand also wrote Ayn Rand.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you We the Living was released in 1957.
It was written by Gayle Forman. I haven't read it yet, are you interested in more books by this author or do you like the genre?
You can try When You Reach Me or When You Reach Me. They're both young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated movies?
Yes, he was also in Kung Fu Panda 2 the movie starring Seth Rogan. Did you see it?
I don't know any other Seth Rogan films, but he was in The Little Prince with Anne Hathaway.
Great choice! You might also like the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Zenda, or The Little Prince.
It was written by James Patterson and was released in 2001. Do you like the author or are you interested in other books by him?
She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read them?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins was written by Margaret Atwood. It's considered children's literature.
Great, enjoy the books!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not a fan of the basketball team. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I think he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Yeah, I am a huge football fan.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in Bridget Moynahan.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas.
It's a tragicomedy. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know it was also written by John Boyne.
Glad I could help!
The film was directed by a lot of people including Shawnee Smith, Jeffrey Jones, and Jeffrey Jones.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie. Did you know that?
It was released in 1995
You're welcome
Are you interested in other films by the same author, or do you like the genre Science Fiction?
Have you seen The Hunger Games: Catching Fire or The Children of Men?
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay did write Boomerang.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Requiem for A Dream which was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
She wrote the Children's Literature
Anna Sewell was born in 1865. She wrote a bunch of books.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
I haven't heard any of them but I do like their song a lot. Did you know Maroon 5 is a member of the band too?
I don't think so, but he was in a movie with Sean Connery.
I think it was a show as well as a comedy called The Voice.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker K., she also wrote A Piece of Work.
I am not sure about that. But, I can tell you she wrote A Piece of the World.
I don't know any similar books, but Christina Baker Kline wrote A Piece of Work.
Glad I could help!
Yes L.A. Confidential is a Horror/Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great movie by James Ellroy.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes. You might also like Wreck-It Ralph. It was written by John Lasseter.
Yes, she wrote X-Men: First Class and a few more books. Do you like her books?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, he was also in the movie as well. Do you like mystery movies?
Yes, The Absolute Sandman and The Absolute Sandman are Mystery films as well.
You're welcome!
I love Russel Wilson, he was great. He was great in Zoolander. Are you a fan?
Yes, you're right. I don't really follow the sport. I don't follow the sport either.
Not much of a Packers fan myself. But I'm a Packers fan myself.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed The Fountain. Have you seen this movie yet?
It's a great movie! It was written by John Logan. It is considered a family adventure film.
Princess Mononoke was written by Hayao Miyazaki. It also starred Charlize Theron.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Then I recommend What Lies Beneath as well as Matt Damon.
Awesome! I'm sure that you'll love it!
I'm not sure, but it is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Of course! Thanks for the recommendation!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints
I don't know anything else about him, but I do like the QB Tom Brady. He's a great player.
That would be good for them, but they haven't gone far.
Sure! He starred in What Just Happened to Goodbye which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Great! I would recommend What Just Happened to Goodbye. Have you seen it yet?
Ella Enchanted is also in that movie. It is a great movie.
I am not sure, but I would recommend X-Men 2. That's a great action movie.
Yes, will do. Enjoy!
Happy to help!
That was written by Clint Eastwood, do you like Clint Eastwood?
Cory Hardrict starred in this movie as well as Cory Hardrict. Would you like to know more about it?
Cory Hardrict starred in the day as well as Cory Hardrict. Do you like Cory Hardrict?
You're welcome!
He wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
It was released in 2003, would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome
Do you like movies starring Gary Oldman?
I recommend The Hangover or The Hunt for Red October. Do you like those movies?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can recommend some other Disney films if you'd like.
Ender's Game is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is Speculative fiction. He also wrote The Gate Thief and The Gate Thief. Have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond by John Green. That is speculative fiction.
Great, enjoy the books!
He wrote the thriller The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan of adventure?
Yes, he did star in the movie
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Sith and The Making of Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Seven Samurai.
Anthony Daniels is starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Brides. Do you like the movies?
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
No, I don't know any other movies like Forrest Gump.
You are welcome
That's a great book! Did you know A Christmas Carol was written by Charles Dickens?
Mickey's Carol is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Charles Dickens?
Yes, The Black Cat is a great movie. I highly recommend it.
Fingersmith was also a play written by Lynda Obst.
I love her too!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jeffrey Ludlum.
I don't know about that. I do know that they are owned by Jeffrey Moats.
I didn't know that. I do know he was drafted with the New York Giants.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, Watership Down was written by William Nicholson. Do you enjoy his books?
That is correct! The Lord of the Rings series is considered children's literature. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as children's literature.
I don't know much about them, but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I would say they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. Who was your favorite player?
Sure! He wrote the movie Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World Without End. They are both historical fiction films.
It is a great movie. United 93 stars Susan Blommaert and Bill Murray. I think you'll like it.
Sure. I'll add it now.
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy Sci-Fi movies. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Then you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Charlize Theron is starring in Aeon Flux. It's a great movie!
Charlize Theron is great! I hope you like it!
Yes, it's a great movie! 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes he was. That was a great TV comedy. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
Zach Galifianakis was also in it. It's a romantic comedy.
Do you like Romance Genre because it's written by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author. Do you like his books?
I'm not sure, but A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a Young Adult Fiction.
He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Thank you for the recommendation I will check it out.
Oh yes, that's a great movie. Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn too. It's a family movie.
Aliens is Sci-Fi and was written by James Cameron. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Volcano was a great movie, are you interested in other Sci-Fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak and it's a fantasy movie.
Enjoy!
I would. I enjoyed The Butterfly Effect. Emma Stone and Emma Stone were in it. Do you like them?
He has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph and The Final Destination.
Great, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a thriller as well.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
Star Trek: The Voyage Home is a science fiction movie. Walter Koeing also starred in The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home is starring Walter Koeing. Walter Koeing starred in The Voyage Home. The Voyage Home has genre Thriller.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
The Manchurian Candidate is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like that Thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a great movie.
Happy to help!
I think Vicente del Bosque is a player on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about football either. I do know that Cesc Fabregas is from Spain.
I don't know much about him either. I do know that he is married to Serena Williams.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I think so. I don't know much about basketball either. I do know that Jason Kidd is a point guard.
I think that's right. I don't remember.
Yes it is a great movie. It was written by Jonathan Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon and Jason Statham. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and William Morgan Sheppard were in The Prestige.
I have not seen them but I can tell you The Prestige is starring William Morgan Sheppard.
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Do you like his music?
Rita Ora is a composer, lyricist and screenwriter.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit, have you seen that?
Then you might also like the Lord of the Rings series. Have you seen them?
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Added to Queue.
Great. Glad I could help.
James Harden is a shooting guard, and he won NBA All Rookie Team.
I don't really follow basketball but I know he has won a lot of awards.
Isn't he from Los Angeles?
That was a great movie! It was written by George Lucas, are you a Harrison Ford fan?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a science fiction movie
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Scott Kosar and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
You should check it out. I hope you enjoy it!
The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner. Have you seen The Scorch Trials or The Kill Order?
The Scorch Trials is starring Rory Kinnear and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed End of Watch. It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Happiness of Persia is a Romance Film, have you seen it?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a highly recommended movie. It's a drama, as well as psychological thrillers.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Emma Stone and Andy Samberg are in it.
Annie stars Woody Harrelson, Rory Kinnear and Rosario Dawson.
He also starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Yes, he was. He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001.
The Notebook was Message in a Bottle was by Nicholas Sparks.
Patricia Clarkson was the author of The Message in the Buddle.
Prince of Tide was written by Ted Tally. Would you like to hear about other books by him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a great movie! It was also written by Mark Cotta Vaz.
You're welcome!
Sure. Good in Bed was written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like her because it's a drama?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. It was also written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like dramas?
He also wrote The Crucible, it's a musical. Do you like musicals?
You might also like The Crucible by Chris Bigsby. It's a tragedy.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
They're not. They're coached by Jim Caldwell. He's a good quarterback though.
They seem to be having a bad season, they'll have to beat the Patriots today. They're 4th in the NFC right now.
Lolita is a romance novel written by Vladimir Nabokov. Do you like romance novels?
It is a mystery novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko and was released in 1996.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
You are most welcome.
Yes, I have heard of him in a movie. Did you know he was also involved with Cameron Diaz?
Yes, Jessica Biel was also in The Social Network. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, that was a great movie! Did you know it was written by Ben Stiller?
They were written by J. K. Rowling, who also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read them?
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar, and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read any of those?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was also made into a movie.
That was a great book! Did you know that Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was written by John Carpenter?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Was there anything else I can help you with?
It was written by J. K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote the whole harry potter series.
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar, and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but I can find some other books in English.
I don't show that information, but I do show it was written in English.
Sure thing!
Yes, Total Recall was written by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to see movies starring Arnold Schwarzenegger?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know he is an athlete on the France national football team
James Harden is a good actor, have you seen him in Treasure Planet?
I'm not a huge TV fan of that show, but I have seen it recently.
I'm not a huge American TV show but I do enjoy watching Boogie nights.
Yes, Gordon Ramsey was a great movie. He was a great actor and producer.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, do you like this movie?
Correct. Do you like that movie? Anne-Marie Duff is also in it.
Enigma was released in 2002 and Anne-Marie Duff was also in The Prestige.
Yes, will do. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Harry Met Sally is a film director. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight which is a historical period drama.
I don't know, but he was also a director for The Met Sally which was directed by Rob Reiner.
You are welcome!
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost, have you read it?
I'm not sure what genre it's fiction but I can tell you that Jamie Ford also wrote Willow Frost.
Glad I could help!
I like her song Spring Breakers. Did you know she was in that movie?
Rachel McAdams was in that. She was also in Spring Breakers.
It's a really good one. I think you'd like it. She's a little dark but I like the Muppets.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller or because it is starring Michael Parks?
Yes, they did. They were the runner ups in the 1986 World Series. The Red Sox lost the World Series a lot.
I am not a fan of the sport either. I do like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
It was the Boston Red Sox, but the Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he is a great golfer, do you like golf?
I don't know, but I do know he won the PGA as well.
That's interesting, did you know Phil Mickelson is an American professional golfer?
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor. It was a great movie.
Sure! The Heart Is Deceit is starring Evangeline Lilly, and was written by Stephen King.
Sure, adding them now.
I don't know a lot about them. I think the Cardinals are coached by Jim Caldwell.
Yeah, they moved to Arizona from New Orleans Pelicans.
I don't really follow college football. I do like college football.
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player, but I do enjoy watching him play.
I don't know much about him other than he's a forward, right? I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player
I'm not a huge soccer fan but I do like the Washington Redskins team
It was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and released in 1985. Do you like her work?
I don't know any other books by her, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
Yes it is written in English and is written in English.
Along Came a Spider was written by James Patterson, are you a James Patterson fan?
I'm not sure about that. But I do like thrillers. Do you like suspense?
It was written by James Patterson, would you like to know who wrote it?
You're welcome!
I know it was written by Ian McEwan and Ian McEwan and stars Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of this movie?
What about The Night Knows? It's one of my favorites.
The Dark Knight is a good one. It's considered a tragedy.
I know a few of his movies. He starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park.
Ok, a couple of my favorites that I would recommend are Zodiac, The Sparrow, and The Invisible Man. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some of the actors that starred in the film are Zach Grenier and Chris Hemsworth. I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Glad I could help!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Lisa See or because it was a novel?
It is considered Speculative Fiction and Children's literature.
Great, would you like me to add it to your list?
I didn't know that, but I do know that she is an athlete that plays Badminton, right?
That is so true! Did you know India was also a great actor? He was in The London 2012 Summer Olympics.
That's right. It was written by William Shakespeare. Have you read any of his work?
I agree. Romeo & Juliet is a classic. I like all of his other works. I think Romeo and Juliet.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that she is the same writer as William Shakespeare.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Desperado?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was also a musician?
Did you know he was born in Mexico City? I'm not sure about that.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan?
The Aviator also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He was also in The Aviator.
He was also in the movie The Aviator. Anything else I can help with today?
Okay! Enjoy!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Nick Cassavetes. It's considered a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, she is in that movie. She was also in Ocean's Eleven which was a great movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Swan Thieves is in the Drama genre and was released in 2010
Absolutely, I will send it to you now.
He is a golf player from South Africa.
dont really follow any golf either. but i enjoy watching the match from time to time/
no i am not a big tennis fan myself. do you like any other sports?
Baseball isn't really my thing right now. Baseball is the best sport in my opinion.
i have never been to a boxing game before. have you been to a golf game?
he is a good boxer. do you like boxing?
The Atlanta Falcons are a professional American football team based in Atlanta, Georgia. Is that your favorite team?
Cam Newton. He's a great pacifist!
I am a Patriots fan.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
It was released in 1958 and was written in English. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, that was the year that released The Man in Havana. That was written by Marion Wiesel.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. Did you know he starred in The Fountain?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information on Vulgar. Did you know Ethan Suplee also starred in Clerks?
Yes William Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Mask.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I don't have any information on them but I do have a couple of other songs called Brave New World and Aliens.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Sean Connery. Do you like their music?
I don't know any idea. Do you like electronic music?
You're welcome!
I don't really follow them, but I know Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots.
Oh yeah, that is a great question. Do you like any other teams?
Oh, no problem. Good luck with the team!
Oh wow, cool! Thanks for the information!
Terry George directed the movie Wizard and Glass, have you seen it?
I don't know of any other films he directed. However, he also wrote Dracula, which is a fantasy.
It is a drama. Do you enjoy watching drama?
Glad to help
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar, The Tales of Beedle the Bar, and The Tales of Beedle the Bar. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2001 and is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
I'm not sure, but it has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! It was written by Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
He has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to see that?
The Croods is a thriller. It has a genre of Adventure and Comedy. Are you interested in watching it?
It is a Comedy/drama. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The Proposal is a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Are you familiar with Tim Burton?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. Anything else I can help you with today?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Happy reading!
The Incredibles is starring Brad Bird. Brad Bird also starred in Ratatouille. Have you seen that?
The Incredibles was written by Mark Twain, who also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that John Ratzenberger also starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
Yes, he was the point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't know much about it either. I don't know much about it either. I don't know much about it either. I don't know much about it either. I don't know much about it either. I don't know much about it either.
I'm a huge football fan myself. What about you?
I like Basketball. I'm more into American Football.
I'm not a big sports fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton. It is a Thriller do you like thrillers?
I like her song You Love Me. Do you like her music?
That is a great song, did you know she was also a model?
Yeah, I like Whitney Houston too. She has a good voice. I think I'm a huge fan of her music.
I would definitely recommend Heavy Metal and Blues.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of his?
A movie similar to Shooter is Memento, have you seen that?
Another movie by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, who also starred in a thriller.
Rum Diary stars Johnny Depp and it was written by Chris Weitz.
You're welcome
I don't really follow golf, but I do like golf. Do you like golf?
That's right. Did you know Jordan was born in Dallas?
I haven't played much but I do enjoy watching Jordan in his tournaments. Who is your favorite sport?
Serenity is starring Sandra Bullock, Sandra Bullock, and Sandra Bullock.
No problem! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not sure if it's a good one! Here it is. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure. Michael Gondy is a director. He wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which starred Shawnee Smith.
Michael Fassbender starred in Be Kind Rewind. Did you know he also wrote Be Kind Rewind.
I love them! I also like their song Maroon 5. Do you like them?
I like them too. I like their song wiggle me. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but I like their song a little more. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan! He was great in The Wiz. Did you see that?
I didn't know that. She's a singer, songwriter and screenwriter too.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
He plays on the Argentina national football team
Do you know if he's a soccer player or not a sport?
I don't know about Mark Hughes, but I know he's a football player.
Sure, Shrek was written by Mike Myers, who also wrote Monsters, Inc. Do you like animation films?
Are you a fan of thrillers or action movies?
Brendan Fraiser is one of the starring actors in Day After Tomorrow.
Have a great day!
Do you like her movies? I would recommend The Wild Life or The Wild Life.
I don't have any information on who starred in Wild Life. Can I help you with anything else?
I don't have any information on that. Is Randy Quaid who was in The Wild Life. He was also in Little Rascals.
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Do you like her books?
Sorry, I don't know. But I do know she wrote the book Silence.
These books fall under the speculative fiction genre.
You're welcome
Robert Duvall directed it.
He was also a director in The Simpsons Movie
I do not know who starred in it, but I do know it was written by David Silverman.
You are welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a crime fiction, and Rango. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Rango is an Indie film starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Indie films?
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump St because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Ride Along has a genre of Comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for any new comedy movies.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction.
I haven't read that one yet, are you a Nancy Bond fan?
Yes, The Vampire Chronicles is great! The Vampire Chronicles is written by John Green, isn't that crazy? I'm going to check it out!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
The Passage was released in 2004. It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
I know she wrote Mansfield Park, and it was released in 2012. Have you read it?
Mansfield Park is a Science Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Would you like to know more about this genre?
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen that movie, but I think I heard it was good. Did you know that Murder on the Orient Express was directed by David Fincher?
Yes, Victor Hugo has written a few things, including The Imaginarium of Doctor Parna and The Incredible Hulk. Would you like to know more about any of these?
These books fall into Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She starred in the movie Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Amelie is a romantic comedy. She also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Sure! Jean-Pierre Jeunet also starred in the romantic comedy A Beautiful Mind which is a romantic comedy.
I don't know his song, but I do like his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you like country?
Yes, he is. I love his music. Do you like his music?
I don't have that information but I do know he is with the Virgin Records
Marlon Brando starred in X-Men: First Class and The Young Lions. Have you seen them?
Well, Viva Zapata also starred in Something Wicked This Way Comes which is a biographical film.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Marlon Brando also starred in Viva Zapata.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
Yes I am a basketball fan. Do you like the sport?
Yes, that's right, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he starred in a movie called Machine Gun Gun Gun, which is a biography.
Yes she was. She also starred in the movie The Perfect Score.
You're welcome!
What type of movie are you looking for?
I didn't know that. Did you know that she was in the movie as well?
I know he was in the movie called The Good Girl, have you seen that?
Ok. I will send it to you.
I think Gabourey Sidibe was also in Fight Club. Did you know she was in that movie?
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I don't have any suggestions for fantasy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Legend of Tarzan and The Order are some other adventure movies.
I am not sure, but I can give you some other recommendations for you.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Blue Castle and Rilla of Ingleside are popular books by L.M. Montgomery.
It was released in 2003. It is a mystery genre.
The Blue Castle was also released in 1926. The same year was The Blue Castle.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in The Wrestler which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that. However, I can recommend Other movies that he stars in.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Yes, he did. It is a great movie. He also starred in The Green Mile.
I haven't seen any of his other horror movies, but Frank Darabont starred in The Green Mile which is a Horror movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know a little about him, he composed the song Night of Your Life. Do you like him?
I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Justin BIeber and he was born in France. Do you like his music?
I like that song too. I think he is a good songwriter.
The Interview was written by Cyrys Nowrasteh and Craig Monahan. The Interview was written by Cyrys Nowrasteh.
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Great, hope you enjoy it
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
It came out in 1986 and it's a comedy.
Yes, it was a great movie. Ray Romano also starred in 8 Mile and was a great movie.
You are welcome!
I don't know about Paul Pogba. Are you a fan of his?
Yes that is true, are you a fan of the sport?
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I heard that Ryan Griggs is a great player. I'm not sure if he's with the team.
I don't know a lot about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
She Hate Me is a romance and drama. Do you like romance?
Yes he did. He also starred in Shrek 2 and Monsters, Inc.
Sue Monk was influenced by Charles Dickens and is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
My apologies, I am not sure, but Carl Jung was influenced by Stephen Sommers.
I'm not sure, but Sigmund Freud was born in Washington.
Yes, Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna.
It is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I love her music. I like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
That is correct. Didn't Tom Hanks star in Larry Crowne?
I haven't seen that one yet. Isn't that a comedy?
Sure! Do you like books written by Charlaine Harris?
The book falls under the speculative fiction genre. Would you like speculative fiction recommendations?
It's a great movie! It was written by Ron Clements, who also wrote Dead to the World. I'm not sure if you'd like it.
You're welcome!
Quantum of Solace is a Psychological Thriller, are you interested in this genre?
Skyfall is a War film. It's a spy film.
Some of the stars include Xander Berenger, Robert Downey Jr, and Robert Redford
Great. Hope you like it!
I don't know too much about them except I know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
That's right. I'm a fan of the Minnesota Vikings. Didn't he win?
Yeah, the Steelers were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Yes! It's a great movie starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? That is a thriller.
I have not seen it but I know it is directed by Terry Rossio.
I do like hip hop. I like some of the music in the music industry.
I like alternative rock. I am a Beatles fan.
Did you know Zipper was directed by Chris Rock?
Yes, John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
I don't know, but it is also Young adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Well, I know that TRON Legacy is a science fiction action film, do you like science fiction?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Wedding Date
I like Working Girl too. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Frank McCourt was the executive producer. He's a great actor.
I didn't know that. I think Angela's Ashes was great, but Frank McCourt was in it, too.
You're welcome!
That's a great movie! Do you like Channing?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down. Would you like to see that?
That movie was released in 2013.
Your welcome.
That's a great children's book! It was written by Diana Gabaldon. Have you read it?
Yes she has a great voice. She has a wonderful voice. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes, that was a great show she was also in Valentine's Day. Did you see that one?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez
I don't know, but I do like her song Too Good at Goodbyes. She's a great voice.
Great. I hope you like it.
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like that author?
The next book in the series was Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay. If you haven't seen the movie, you should check out Blade Runner. It's a Adventure movie.
I like that movie as well. Did you know Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt?
Yes, it was also a good movie, have you seen it?
James Rodriguez is an American footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C.. He is a midfielder.
Not really, I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
He plays midfielder along with zico
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Golden Compass or The Matrix.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
Groundhog Day stars Harold Ramis, Harold Ramis, and Bill Murray. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy and stars Bill Murray. You should check it out.
Kill Bill is a popular film she was in. Are you a fan of adventure films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 1985. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005 and was written by M. Night Shyamalan.
The Great Yokai War was a drama film. Do you like drama? If you like drama, The Great Yokai War, you should check it out.
Sure, here you go.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Oz Books, have you read that?
Well, Denlow also wrote "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about this one?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard any of her song, but I do like the song Tuck Everlasting. How about you?
I haven't heard it, but I do enjoy electronic dance music. Did you know Tiktok was filmed in Nashville?
Yeah, that's a great place to visit. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
That was written by Truman Capotes in Cold Blood. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, starring Danny DeVito, and George Clooney.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Utterly Cold Blooded starred in this movie.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has genre Comedy. It also has genre Drama. Do you like comedy?
I don't know much about him but I do know he was born in Oakland. Are you familiar with him?
I couldn't find any movies, but there are a few that he starred in. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I don't know what others he wrote, but The Truth Now is a Romance/Comedy.
2004
Your Welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know if he's with the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
I didn't know he was a basketball player. I think he's a good player though.
I don't really follow them, but I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
That's right. Did you know their home venue is the CenturyLink Field?
I like the New York Mets. Do you like the New York Mets?
I like him, he is a good soccer player, do you like soccer?
I don't really follow him, but I think he's from Guadalajara.
I don't like that movie, but I'm a fan of hers.
Sure, Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and starred in Van Helsing. Would you like to know more about either of those?
The Mummy Returns has genre Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! You might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or X-Men: First Class.
Yes, The Hills Have Eyes is a fantasy as well as a thriller. Should I add it to your list?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might enjoy Wild Hogs, which is an Indie Film, also starring Shirley Henderson.
Well, then you might also like The Hunt for Red October, or The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
I don't really know much about Rogue Nation, but I do know that it was written by David McRaney. Would you like to know who he is?
If you like action movies, you might also like Catch-22. It's a great action movie.
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It was written by John Logan.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Revealed. Have you read any of those?
Revealed is a book in speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can check it out sometimes.
Wicked Lovely is part of a series. The next in the series is Revealed. Have you read that one yet?
Great choice! Enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like the author or the genre?
It is a Speculative fiction.
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird by John Scalzi.
Glad I could help.
I don't really follow them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Thibodeau.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots, but I think they'll runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I guess he's married to Gisele Bundchen, now.
Do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it is an action movie?
It was written by Peter Craig
I don't have that information
Sounds good. Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a family movie or because it is an adventure movie?
Have you seen Zombieland? its a great movie.
Charlie Cox stars in it. Do you like Charlie Cox movies?
I don't know of any other movies he directed, but did you know he also directed The Goonies?
I liked Katy Perry in a lot of movies. Did you know Katy Perry starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
I didn't know that. That was a great movie. Did you see it?
I'm not a huge fan of Russel Fleming. I think he is a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Thomas Lennon.
I haven't seen that movie, but did you know Thomas Lennon also starred in Locked In starring Shawnee Smith?
Yes, that was a great movie! Did you know Magic Mike was written by Mark Twain?
Oh yes! I love Meryl Streep! It was written by Meg Cabot. It's a great movie. I love Meryl Streep!
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Book of Mormon and The Devil Returns. Do either of those interest you?
I do recommend it. It is also a comedy drama film
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past, and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
It's a sci-fi, action, adventure film.
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, or The Matrix.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Emma Stone.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. The Road to El Dorado was a great movie.
Yes, Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. He also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
You're welcome!
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn and was written by Sean Penn.
Yes, I believe he was a writer as well.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, I recommend The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure, Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of those?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Dragon Keeper?
Do you like Ship of Magic because it is a Fantasy?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a historical novel as well. It is also considered a historical novel.
I'm not sure what year Wideacre came out. It was written by Oscar Wilde as well.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. It was directed by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah also wrote The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Sure! You might also like The Assassin's Blade. It was written by Sarah J Maas.
You are welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Wild Grass, and Wild Grass. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it. Mark Boal also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Thank you for the suggestion I will add that as well.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Chelsea National Football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays for the Chelsea National Football team.
Yeah, Shakira is from Columbia. I think Shakira is from Columbia.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Broncos. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I don't really follow soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer. Are you a fan?
I'm a huge fan of American Football. Do you like American Football?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Do you like self-help books?
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People and The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People are written by Stephen R. Covey
The Magic of Thinking Without Thinking was also released that year
what else can i do for you today?
It's a great movie! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great family movie, have you seen it?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movie, have you seen it yet?
Do you like action/adventure movies?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Jonathan Nolan. He also wrote Something Borrowed. Did you know that?
That was a great movie! Milo Forman also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen that one?
Great! You might also enjoy A Christmas Carol or A Christmas Carol if you like that one.
Well, a couple of my favorites that I would recommend are A Christmas Carol, A Christmas Carol, and The House of Mirth.
Glad I could help!
Lauren Oliver is an American novelist widely known for children's literature. He wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Are you a fan?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Glad I could help!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
Didn't they also play the Tambourine?
Yes, he is also a musician
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is from the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is from the United States of America.
The Island was written by Roberto Orci. Other movies similar to The Island include The Chronicles of Narnia and The Hunt for Red October.
Well, if you like sci fi, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a sci-fi.
It's a good movie! It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson to name a few.
Glad to be of help
I like him in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was great. Did you know Christian Bale also starred in Stuck on You?
The Prestige stars Christian Bale and it is a horror movie
You're welcome!
It was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of the author or genre?
The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are two good ones
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about football but I do know Aguero is a midfielder on the team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sean Barrett wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. X-Men: First Class is one of his most famous works.
Yes it was actually written in English
Waiting for the Barbarians was written by Sean Barrett.
Thank you for the information.
I don't know much about them except that Leslie Alexander is the owner. Do you like them?
I like Basketball but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't follow them much. I think Houston Rockets is doing a great job turning Houston. I think Houston Rockets are doing a good job.
Sure! He wrote Candide, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
It is in English and it was released in 1964.
I would recommend A Christmas Carol, which is a musical theater movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Winnie the Pooh was written by Ernest H. Shepard. It's a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a great book for children's literature.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's married to Coleen Rooney. Do you like him?
Yes, Liverpool is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
That is where the New Jersey Devils is.
I know that they are coached by Jose Mourinho, Fernando Hierro and Jose Mourinho, and Jose Mourinho.
I don't know of any other sports he plays for. Are they your favorite team?
Not really but I am a fan of the Spain national football team too.
Do you like books by Veronica Roth?
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series by the same author, as well as the Harry Potter series. Have you read the whole series?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Reservoir Dogs.
Yes, John Travolta also starred in Tropic Thunder which is a crime movie.
Bringing it up now is a great movie.
I know that he is a soccer player, but I don't really follow soccer. Are you?
Marina is a fantasy novel.
Yes, he wrote The Ship of Brides
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2000.
Ok, I have no information on Spanish.
No problem
I don't really follow baseball, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Who is your favorite team?
They have a good season for the Mets, but they haven't won a World Series yet, have you been to it?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Fred Wilpon owns the Boston Red Sox.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team. I think Ken Whisenhunt is the coach.
Marcus Mariota is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. He was a runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
LIKE TheM Haha. My favorite player is Venus Williams. Do you like her?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, she wrote The Princess and the Frog, have you read it?
Yeah, she wrote Xenocide, The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Oh yeah, that's a great movie. It's a mystery, isn't that? What genre do you like?
Yes he is, he is also a writer.
That was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Do you like Thomas Hardy?
Thomas Hardy also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891 and was written in English.
The Return of the Native is a Non-fiction and was released in 1891.
He starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and The Big Lebowski to name a few.
Kevin Corrigan and Michelle Pfeiffer are in it. They're really good!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in the movie Amelie. Have you seen it?
Anne Hathaway also starred in it. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it was released in French.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he was in the 2012 PGA. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, I believe he's from Northern Ireland. I'm a Tiger Woods fan.
I think so, he's from Northern Ireland, isn't he? I love his music. I like American Idol.
Sure! Do you like this movie because it is science fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
Well, there's The Island of Dr. Moreau that has the same name as Tron: Legacy.
Okay, have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written by Neill Blomkamp, starring Shia LaBeouf, starring Kathryn Bigelow
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22 which is a thriller that was written by Peter Jacobs.
The Neon Demon is a thriller that was released in 1996. The Neon Demon was also a movie in the Crime genre.
Glad I could help!
I do, did you know she starred in a movie called A Thousand Years?
Oh, yes. That was a great year for songs. Do you like Taylor Swift?
I like Taylor Swift though. I think he's my favorite.
I'm not sure, but I can check it out sometimes.
Sure! The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is a young-adult fiction novel written by Diana Gabaldon. Have you read it?
I don't know of any other books by her, but I do know that she wrote a book called Fiery Cross. That's a historical novel.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can recommend some other titles he wrote if you'd like.
Glad I could help!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, and Little Altars Everywhere.
He also wrote X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Old School is a comedy. The Hangover Part II is starring Eddie Redmayne
I'm not a big basketball fan but I see he was born in London.
I do! It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read that one yet. What genre are you interested in? Hans Christian Andersen and Kristin Hannah.
Yes she did. I'll add that one to my list.
I hope you enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in Spanish
Would you like me to add it to your list?
There are many. Is there anything else I can help with?
Up was written by Pete Docter. It's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
I know she wrote the book Up too. Would you like to hear about other movies she wrote?
Brave has genre Psychological Thriller
The Warrior's Way is a Family Movie. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
I don't know a lot about them except they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
Patrick Ewing was the runner up
I don't know much about it either, but I do know that he was drafted to the Houston Rockets
I do not know much about Renaldo Balkman, but I do know that Renaldo Balkman starred in the movie Space Jam
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises, and The Hunt for Red October.
That's a great movie. It was written by Stephen King. If you like Stephen King, you might also like Vampire Academy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
It's a psychological thriller film, do you like those types of movies?
The production company is the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about Cleveland but I do know that the Cleveland Cavaliers are owned by Bob McNair.
I'm more a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Texas Cowboys?
I don't know too much about Randy Lerner either. I think Randy Lerner is a good owner.
That's okay. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
I don't know what else he wrote, but he is also a teacher.
I'm not sure what it's about but I know Jay Rubin was in the movie
I am not sure, but I can tell you he wrote
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Saulius Dagys.
I would recommend Speculative fiction and Science Fiction.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote The Magician King, The Magician's Nephew, and The Magician's Nephew.
You're Welcome!
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Predators is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
Captain America: Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent is starring Kate Beckinsale and Veronica Roth
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I love the book, Where the Heart Is. It was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the author or the genre?
Some other drama books are The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Do you like Drama books?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, The Long Goodbye and The Long Goodbye. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it either. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it is a Romance movie starring Sex and the City with Sean Connery.
I'm not sure, but Cynthia Nixon was in Too Big to Take, which is a great movie.
I don't know of any other films he was in. I do know he was also in the TV show Valentine's Day.
He is a great actor! He starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
If you like crime genre, you might also like Thir13en Ghosts: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
Yes, do you like science fiction movies or would you like science fiction recommendations?
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
I'm not sure, but Unbreakable is starring Scarlett Johansson.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I like soccer but I also like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do like the Washington Redskins.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I am a Packers fan myself. What do you think of the Patriots?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like science fiction?
Diana Gabaldon is a great Sci-Fi book. Other great Sci-Fi books I would recommend are X-Men: First Class and Xenocide.
Other Sci-Fi books you might enjoy are X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee, it is fiction and was released in 1960.
That is a great book. Then you might also like Gone with the Wind.
Well, you might like the sequel, Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome
Isn't that a German sports club? I've heard they're a great team.
Well, I know that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal. But, I'm a big fan of FC Bayern Munich.
I think he is a musician, lyracist, and a film producer. He is a producer, screenwriter, and producer.
Sure, One for the Money was written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like Kirsten Dunst?
That one is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight as well as The Chemist
Yes, it is. Did you know Stephenie also wrote The Chemist?
You are welcome!
Inside Out is starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Well, she was also in Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like her?
This is the End is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Jeff Garlin.
Yes, she has starred in a television show called The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of it?
She has been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies including The Wild Life, The Holiday, and The Holiday.
Sure, Ron Howard wrote A Beautiful Mind, starring Vince Vaughn. Have you seen it yet?
Well, if you like action movies, you might like Catch-22. It's a great movie.
Well, he starred in What About Bob?, which was a biographical film.
Yeah, he did. He directed that as well.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn. Would you like to see it?
He also starred in Troy, which was written by Brad Pitt.
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he did write the Box. Did you know Mary McDonell also starred in A Christmas Carol?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and was produced by Richard Kelly.
If you like that genre, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It was directed by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Throne of Glass was written by Tony Goldwyn, who also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'll have to pick it up, then.
Yes, that was a great movie by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/crime movie that also starred Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Beatrice Sparks. Do you like her work?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like Sandra Bullock?
She was also in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Happy viewing!
I have not read that book, but I heard it was written by John Green. Do you like that author?
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one by him. Have you heard of it?
It's a fiction book.
Enjoy!
Yes, Outlander was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him or do you like him?
Brave New World was released in 2009.
It is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Stephanie was also influenced by Stephen King
They are romance and drama
Your welcome
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Hatfields & McCoys. He's a great actor.
Have you seen Wag the Dog or The Man from Snowy River?
I don't know much about her other than that she is a tennis player, do you like her?
I like Serena as well as her sister Serena. I like both the Williams sisters.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Zach Snyder starred in The Skulls, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Tom Hanks, Russell Crowe and Scarlett Johansson all starred in the Watchmen.
I would consider it a comedy as well as a comedy, but I don't really watch it. Do you like it?
Sure, Zach Snyder also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read any of these?
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it's part of the Gemstone Trilogy. It's part of the Gathering Storm.
Sure, one of my favorites is Xenocide. Do you know that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by M. Night Shyamalan.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on genre for book.
No I do not have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really follow them, but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints and he was with the Broncos. Do you like him?
Case Keenum is their coach. He's the Broncos. Do you like football?
I enjoy watching basketball but I don't really follow the sport either.
He's a great basketball player. He was a great Quarterback for the Broncos.
Yes! Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
He is a player on the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is. It's located in the Philadelphia region.
A Wind in the Door is a great book by Madeleine L'Engle. Have you read it?
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door that is a science fiction book.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. I think you'll enjoy it!
I do like his song Marry You. Do you like his music?
One of my favorites is Johnny Depp. Have you seen that one?
I haven't heard that one yet. Wasn't he in Valentine's Day?
Sure! He wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, The Phantom Tollbooth, and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read any of these?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel and was released in 1982. It's a fantasy.
Great, would you like to know anything else?
Great, have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats is a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Wildcats is a professional American football team.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson? I don't know about the movie!
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote Micmacs.
Micmacs is a Thriller and was released in 2003. I recommend it.
Zodiac stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Your welcome.
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre young-adult fiction.
I don't know what else he wrote, but he did write The Future of Us.
I do, actually. It's a great book. It's also considered children's literature.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
Emma' is written by Emma Stone and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility.
It was released in 1817 and is considered a Romance Novel.
Great, have a great day!
Are you referring to Tony Gilroy who wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Michael Clayton is a mystery movie starring Charlize Theron. She's a great actress!
The Red Violin was directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Anthony Hopkins. It is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
