Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Morgan Freeman?
It's a great movie! It stars Danny DeVito and Michelle Pfeiffer. Have you seen it?
Yes, do you like Hitman's Bodyguards?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Action movie based on the genre. Do you like action movies?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2012 and is a fiction
you're welcome
There's Something About Mary was written by Bobby Farrelly and starred Jim Carrey.
She has been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, There's Something About Mary, and Titanic.
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont know any other book by her. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. that is true. do you like young adult fiction?
i hope you enjoy it.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Guard is a War film. Do you like War films?
No I do not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hope you enjoy it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an athlete, he plays Cricket and was born in Chennai
He is on the India national cricket team, are you a fan?
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he is a Midfielder on the India national cricket team.
Yes, he directed Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Pushing Tin was written by Jennifer Crusie.
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a professional basketball player. Are you a fan?
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player. What sport do you follow?
I don't watch football. I like to watch Basketball. What sport do you like?
Who is your favorite player? I heard he is a very good player.
I like Cam Newton, a couple of my favorite players. What sport do you follow?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like black comedy films?
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead as well. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2005 and is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
No problem, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, State of Wonder, and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, you might enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl, Rupert Everett, and Rupert Everett. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I heard it was very good. Do you like it?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. I hope you enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed This Means War. Have you seen it?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to hear more about this?
Brian Geragtly starred in it as well.
Okay, would you like to hear about other horror films starring Brian Geraghty?
Yes, it is a horror film and was directed by Peter Hyams.
You are welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
It is also written by Laura Esquivel and is a Children's Literature.
You're welcome!
He directed the Hunted, which is a Thriller.
Yes, The Hunted is a romantic comedy and The French Connection is starring Scarlett Johansson.
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Crime Fiction/Fantasy and was released in 1996.
Do you like the author F. Scott Fitzgerald? He wrote The Great Gatsby.
Then I would recommend Z for Zachariah. Have you heard of it?
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss, who also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of that?
The clockwork princess is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you looking for something by the same author?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
I'll add that for you.
You're welcome!
Sure, Unforgiven starred Matt O'Leary, Matt O'Leary, Matt O'Leary, Matt O'Leary, Matt O'Leary, Matt O'Leary and Matt O'Leary.
Clint Eastwood is a Sci-Fi movie starring Freeman. Aside from being a great actor, he also wrote The Longest Yard and Roxanne West.
I recommend X-Men 2 if you like the movie.
He wrote The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also starred in the Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay. Have you seen those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her, but I know she starred in a movie called We Bought a Zoo.
I'm not sure what genre she plays. I think she was born in Los Angeles, a rock band.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Shackleton which is a comedy.
I don't know too much about Cricket but I know he is a cricket player.
Yes he did. Do you like Cricket?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Amy Poehler wrote The Exorcist. Are you a fan of her?
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one. what else can i answer?
The Mean Girls is starring Amy Poehler. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written several books including Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you?
I don't know much about them. Isn't that a sports team?
Not really, I heard Dodgers are a good team. Do you like them?
The Washington Redskins is a great team. Isn't the team owned by Woody Allen?
Jonathan Levine directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Jane Adams also starred in Poltergeist which is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2016
Your welcome
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a Thriller and also a Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
I don't follow football so I don't know much about them. I do know that they are having a good season.
I think Mike McCarthy will be having a heck of a season this year. He has a lot of problems.
I agree, Aaron Rodgers is a great team.
Iron Man has a genre of Adventure? Is that a genre you prefer?
Yes, he is a great writter who starred in the movie The Nutty Professor. Have you seen it?
Yes, did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., Where the Wild Things Are?
Yes, he did write that as well, did you know he also wrote The Olympics?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a fan of the author, Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you know the author?
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which are speculative fiction novels.
Do you like Treasure Island because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
Have you heard of The Island by Robert Louis Stevenson?
You're welcome
I don't know much about Nikki Minaj other than he is a rap artist. Do you like hip hop?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married tovid Guetta. Do you know who she is?
I don't really know any similar artists but I do know that David Guetta is from France. Have you heard of him?
Sure. Something Borrowed was written by Emily Bronte. She also wrote The Year of the Flood.
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that  1.  1 is written by Emily Griffin.
I would recommend thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy Knocked Up. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was written by Sissy Spacek, and produced by Fox Searchlight Pictures.
Yes he did. He also starred in Someone Like You which is a comedy. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he directed Year One, he also produced It's 40, which is a comedy.
I don't, but he did write it too. It's a comedy.
He has written a lot of movies. He wrote Thriller, Drama, and Comedy
You're welcome!
I believe he is a composer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a good band
I haven't heard much of them since they are a good band
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer. I also like his song Tiny Dancer
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly, and he is a great author.
I agree. Did you know that Peter Farrelly directed There's Something About Mary?
I'm not sure. If you like Romantic Comedy you should check out Zoolander. It is a great movie.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. Do you like books written by George Orwell?
Animal Farm was also written by George Orwell. It is a Historical Novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
Yes, she wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Are you a fan of her work?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 2004
Temple of My Familiar has genre Drama
You are welcome
Oldboy is a comedy/mystery movie. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It stars Kyla Pratt and Heath Ledger.
Lady Vengeance is starring Kyla Pratt and Jennifer Garner.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
The Ice Storm is a great movie from Ang Lee.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which is a fantasy film.
Sure, he wrote The Incredibles, which is a Historical Novel. He also starred in The Wildest Dream.
Zsa Gabor is an American novelist, screenwriter, and film producer.
It's a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes there was. Jurassic park is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he directed Jurassic World.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, is he a golfer?
Haha, I haven't seen it but I do know that Adam Sandler directed it. Do you know him?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Then I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor. It's fantasy.
Yes, I do. The Silmarillion is a fantasy novel. Is that something you're interested in?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
Great, I can recommend some of the horror thrillers. Are you interested in horror?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Did you like the movie because it was directed by Steven Spielberg?
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? That's a great sci-fi film.
If you like X-Men, you might also like Zombieland 2.
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that one?
Surviving Picasso was born in Regina. He also starred in Slumdog Millionaire, Surviving Picasso.
Sure. Joss Ackland also starred in Wreck-It Ralph and A Scandal. Have you seen these?
The genre is Children's Literature and Historical fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is married to Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a comedy?
I have never seen it. Is it a comedy?
I do! It's a Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
He also wrote Hudson Hawk which is a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
I have to add them to your watch list.
Alien is a film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like movies directed by Emmerich?
Sure, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a horror movie.
I don't know much about Bats. But I do know that they're part of the series, and they're based on the first series of eight vampire movies.
You're welcome!
He directed a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of films. Do you like sci-fi? He's been in a few.
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, he did. That is a great sci-fi movie.
I'll add that as well!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Have you seen either?
Repo Men was written by John Lennon and is a Thriller.
He wrote Apocalypse Now, which is a drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Brett Helquist wrote The Slippery Slope and The Reptile Room. Have you heard of either?
The End was co-written by Brett Helquist and co-written by him as well. It was released in 2014 and is in English.
Sure, it was released in 2016 and is a romance/comedy film
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz?
Yes he does and he also has a son, who is a great guitarist.
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I will send you a link.
Yes, I do. He starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds.
If you like Windtalkers, you should check out The Wolverine. It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm always happy to help.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about football, I prefer American Football. What is your favorite sport?
That's a good one! I haven't heard of her. What sport do you like?
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Richelle Mead. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne starred in The Curse of the Midwife, which is a fantasy film.
I don't know much about them. I think they are a good team. Are you a fan?
Warpaint is in the colors Purple and Gold.
I didn't know they are in the AFC West, but they are a great team.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes it was released 2008 the same year that The Lady Elizabeth was released.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
I do, did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like independent music, like The Weeknd. What is your favorite genre?
I don't know of any songs from him, but I do know he's married to Angelina Jolie Pitt.
No problem, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know they are part of the National Basketball Association.
Yesterday they beat the Timberwolves yesterday! That was a good game!
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises and Inception. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevsky is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II.
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Ok, but рестуление и накаание was released in 1866. It was written in English.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz series. The next book in the series is Oz, have you read it?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars? They are both fantasy.
I would recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a midfielder from Germany. He plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know if he have any relation to him. Is he a soccer player?
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India. He plays as a midfielder as well.
I haven't seen the movie, but I heard it was good. Have you seen it?
A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by George R.R. Martin. It's a children's literature. Have you read it?
She wrote a series of books called A Corn of Thorns and Roses. Would you be interested in either of those?
How about The Assassin's Blade? It's a great book.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed True Lies and Avatar. Have you seen them?
That's right. It was released in 2012. It's a romantic comedy.
Titanic was released in 2010 and also stars Olivia Wilde.
You are welcome
Yes, I do. It was written by Gustave Flaubert. Are you a fan?
If you like romance you may want to check out The Other Bovary. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know Venus Williams was also in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like Martina Navritalova, but I haven't seen her in a long time. I think Stefi Graffi Graff is a great player.
I think so. Didn't she lose to Roger Federer?
She is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Golfer of the Year Award.
Didn't he lose to Roger Federer?
Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not that I know of, but Sylvia Day also wrote Under the Never Sky, have you read that?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
This book is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a good read. Did you know it was made into a movie?
I don't know much about him. Is he the one who is on the Uruguay national football team?
It is a thriller starring Kurt Vonnegut. Are you familiar with his work?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! Untamed: A House of Night was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote Lolita.
Tahereh Mafi wrote a book called The Name of the Wind. Have you read it?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, which was released.
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. Do you want me to add it to your list?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. There is also a film of that you might enjoy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
It was released in 2005 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Sure. He directed Finding Nemo which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Machine Gun Preacher is a Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Starring actors in Neverland is Jada Pinkett Smith.
It was released in 2002 and the genre is a drama.
Sure. Hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome
Yes I do. He wrote A Separate Peace which is a young adult novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, this book is speculative fiction.
Your welcome, enjoy!
The Waves is a good one. Have you heard of it?
Ok. Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, if you like historical drama you should check out Into the Wild.
It is a historical novel released in 1847.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Cool, I recommend Wicked Lovely and When You Reach Me.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Brad Pitt?
I don't know if you can download Straw Dogs. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?
Similar to Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince? It is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Mindy is a Miniseries author. She wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a comedy/drama. Do you enjoy comedies?
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling also wrote Sense and Sensibility
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Aylmer wrote мерт лиа and was released in 1869.
Anna Karenina has also written нна аренина, and it was released in 1877.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Last Templar. Have you seen those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Gary Oldman.
Aside from being a writer, she also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
He is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
I don't know much about him except that he played for Manchester United F.C..
Yes he is a top tierer and he is a Midfielder.
I haven't heard of him but I do know he wrote a lot of books. I think he wrote a lot of movies. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he was. He also starred in a book called The Patient which is a crime fiction. Have you seen it?
I agree. He starred in Safety Not Guaranteed, which is a historical period drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she did write that one as well. Do you like Heart Huckabees because it is a Drama?
I'll add it now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture.
Sure, Torment was released in 2010. It's speculative fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in it. Have you seen it?
Yes, if you'd like to watch The Rum Diary, you should give it a try.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm sure you'll enjoy them!
I haven't heard of them. Are they a soccer team?
Sure, some of the current players are Renee Zellweger and Roger Federer
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Lauren Oliver wrote The Diary of a Young Girl and The End of the Affair. Have you read either of those?
You should read Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
It's a suspense/mystery novel. It's also a novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
It was written by David Silverman. David Silverman. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, he wrote a series. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Not really. I just know about Gautam Gambhir. I've never heard of him. I just heard about him. I don't really watch cricket. I like it.
Graham Gooch is an author. He was born in London.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes he did, he starred in The Good Doctor
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It is a Young-adult fiction book written by james Dashner.
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
I haven't heard of it, but I do know it was released in 2007 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
I don't know if he starred in a TV episode, but he starred in The Curse of the Black Pearl. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV episode, but he also starred in The Curse of the Black Pearl.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Quentin Tarantino wrote Grindhouse and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Have you seen Grindhouse? It stars Rosario Dawson and Tracie Thoms.
It's a Death Proof, starring Rosario Dawson and Rob Zombie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think she is a great singer and I really like her song Tiny Dancer. What about you?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but he did write it as well.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom.
I like thrillers too. I also like thrillers. Have you seen The Good Doctor?
Yes, it is a great movie! Enjoy!
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams. Do you follow her?
I don't know if she is better than her sister Serena. Are you a tennis fan?
Wow, I didn't know that. I did know she starred in the movie Hair Show.
I'm not familiar with that. I don't follow soccer much. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, he is a forward. He was born in Santa Marta.
I prefer American Football. What sport do you follow?
I would recommend Home Alone. It is written by John Hughes and is speculative fiction.
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and released in 1996. The sequels are The Alchemist and The Alchemist.
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
Your welcome
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes he does alot of music. I like his wife Jaimeaime Chapman. Do you know he is a dancer?
I haven't heard of him but I do like Demi Lovato. Isn't he from Nashville?
Do you like the movie because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a Fantasy?
Yes, it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote The Looking-Glass.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a Pulitzer Prize winner.
Yes, I do. He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic also starred in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
I'm sorry I don't have any additional information on that.
No problem, enjoy!
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Do you like the movie because it's a Mystery?
The Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman. what else can i do for you?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a cricket fan?
He is a Cricket player from India. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes he does, and he is a Cricket player.
Yes, I can tell you that he is a Indian international cricketer.
Yes, Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
I'm not sure when it was released. You might also like Brave New World.
Yes, he did. I would also recommend Brave New World: The Final Frontier. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and was released in 2002.
Christopher Hampton wrote The Prestige and The Minghella series. Have you heard of them?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Without Remorse is a thriller and suspense genre. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome, enjoy!
2012 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Drama Genre
The Thirteenth Floor was starred by J.K. Simmons
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Did you like the movie because it was starring Tate Donovan?
Yes, that's a good one. I really liked The Fifty Shades. Have you seen that one?
Yes. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it. I've heard it, but I've heard it. It's good.
The Client is written by John Grisham. Are you a fan?
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
The most popular thrillers that John Grisham is a movie
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player. Do you like football?
I know he is a professional footballer who plays as a striker
I enjoy tennis and follow Venus Williams more
I like baseball as well, what is your favorite team
Yes it is a Packer . Football is a good one
I don't know much about them. I think they are one of the best teams in the league right now. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, I prefer American Football. What sport do you follow?
I heard they are a good team, but I don't follow soccer much. I prefer American football.
Do you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a Romance novel?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
It is written by Jane Austen
That was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
I would recommend The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York. Have you read it?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy!
I think so. Did you know she starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe?
No, I didn't know she did, that was a good one as well, did you know Call Me Maybe was filmed?
I liked that one, I think she is a good one too, did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2016
He directed Hotel Transyvania, have you seen it?
I do not have that information right now, but I can tell you The Others stars Nicole Kidman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1856.
If you like romance, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He wrote The Fountainhead, which is a historical novel. Have you read it?
It's a classic! He was born in Madame Bovary.
It's a romance novel that was originally published in 1856.
If you like fiction, you may want to check out Wyrd Sisters, or Xenocide.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
I am not sure what genre it is. But Joseph Conrad wrote A Simple Tale.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2004.
He wrote The World According to Garp. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he also wrote Under the Never Sky which is something you might enjoy
Cormac McCarthy is the author of the book The Lady in the Lake.
It was released in 1988.
No problem, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a romance novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like romance novels?
He also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel.
I don't think so, but Jane Eyre was also influenced by William Shakespeare.
Have a great day!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by her?
I don't know of any other pieces by him, but he did write the books The Titan's Curse and The American Revolution.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Coehlo is a writer. He was born in Alexandria.
Kyrie Irving is playing for the Boston Celtics.
I do like sports. I also enjoy tennis. Do you like the sport?
I like the Lakers as well. Do you have a favorite team?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. Do you like the author?
I do not know of any other books written by Paulo Coelho.
I'll add that as well.
Yes, Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like Fiction?
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
The Assassin's Blade is a good one. She also wrote Queen of Shadows which is a thriller.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, hope you like it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Kodi also starred in Underworld: Evolution and Young Adult. Have you seen either of those?
Dead Europe is a crime/action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie. Do you like it because it stars Brad Pitt?
Gremlins has a great cast. Gremlins has a great cast. Gremlins has a great cast. Gremlins has a great cast. Gremlins has a great cast. Gremlins has a great movie
You are welcome have a great day
This is the End stars Evan Goldberg and James Franco. Are you a fan?
Yes, both of them are Psychological Thrillers and Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Do those sound interesting?
It was released in 2016 and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Gary Kubiak.
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if Zach Galifianakis was in reality show, I think he was a reality show as well.
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
It's a sci-fi adventure film starring Steve Carell. It was directed by Chris Sanders.
It's a political thriller and was released in 2000.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and The Kids Are All Right.
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a drama/mystery film. Do you like that genre?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
He wrote Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
Sure, Tina Fey wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Emma Stone and Steve Buscemi. Have you seen it?
Cicely Tyson is a great actress. She also starred in The Help and Get on Up.
Yes, she did. Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
You're welcome
Inception is starring Tom Berenger, who also starred in The Dark Knight.
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was directed by George Lucas, would you like to know more about Star Wars, or Star Wars?
Indiana Jones has starred in many films, including Star Wars, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Yes, it is a Drama and also a Thriller.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Paula McLain or because it is a Fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but it was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
I'm not sure but I can tell you she starred in The Wild Life as well. Have you seen it?
I really like Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote A Beautiful Mind, which is a historical fiction film.
Apocalypse Now is a great Action film. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Marlon Brando.
Yes, he starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. He also directed The Godfather Part II.
Do you like Gustave Flaubert because it is a Psychological Thriller?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, it was! It was also made into a movie. Have you seen it?
Of course, I think you will enjoy the next in the series, have you read the whole series?
I know that Stieg Larsson wrote Män som hatar kvinnor.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you heard of any of these?
Sure. Romace wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco is a Non-fiction writer who wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is in the genre Children's Literature and was released in 1922.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote Speculative fiction
I don't know much about him. I think he's a good Quarterback
I don't watch much football but I do enjoy football. My favorite team is the Dodgers.
I haven't. I've heard of Aaron Rodgers before. I heard he's a good QB.
That would be a good one. I think you should give it a try.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It is speculative fiction genre
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure! Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, which is a crime fiction film.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can tell you that it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Romeo and Juliet and Conrad Veidt. Have you read either of those?
It is speculative fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book. Do you like self help books?
Yes, I do. He's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes he is a great performer and crossover artist. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard of him but I think I will have to check out some of his music. Is he a classic artist?
Sure, do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Have you read Breakfast at Tiffany's? It is also a crime fiction.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and has a genre Science and Psychological thriller. Are you a fan of this genre?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a historical novel.
Walk the Line is a historical novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1991.
It's a historical novel and also a film adaptation.
I don't know much about her. I know she is a friend with a lot of friends. I think she is very talented.
I am not a big fan of her. I like Taylor Swift though. How about you?
I don't know if she does anymore. Is she a singer?
She starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall stars Jason Statham and Jeff Bridges. Do you like Jason Statham?
Coming of Age is a drama film starring Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like these actors?
I haven't seen that one but I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is a drama and crime fiction. Is that your favorite genre?
You as well!
Have you read The Old Curiosity Shop? It is a great book by Charles Dickens.
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1987. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He wrote a number of Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, as well as many others.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Yes, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. He also directed Marley & Me. Have you seen that movie?
Do you like Scream because it stars Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Not really, I would also recommend Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure, it stars Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp. It is a horror movie. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables starring Jet Li. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone directed The Expedables.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is Children's Literature and Historical Fiction. Do you like these genres?
If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars as well. Have you heard of it?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it stars Samuel L. Jackson?
Royal Kill stars Keanu Reeves and Robert Duvall. It is a crime fiction film.
I don't know much about him other than he's a Table Tennis player. Do you follow him?
I didn't know that! Do you know he is a table tennis player?
I like Michael Phelps. He is a good swimmer. Do you like him?
What is your favorite sport?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that movie.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. Have you seen that?
No I do not but I can tell you that The Skulls also starred William H. Macy, who also starred in the film.
You're welcome.
I know they are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
I don't know , but I do know it is a German sports club
Yes, he is
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the South Africa National Cricket team.
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank. Have you seen it?
It is starring Shia LaBeouf, and Johnny Depp
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen them?
The Tourist is a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
I am not sure who starred in it, but I do know that Will Ferrell is also in it.
It was released in 2003 and directed by Peter Hyams. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure who wrote it but I know it was released in 2010 and is a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about basketball but I know they are coached by Steve Kerr. Do you watch basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a point guard.
Yeah, I don't know much about Anthony Davis. Is he a point guard?
Jane Eyre wrote The Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read those?
Yes he has written many romance novels, one of my personal favorites is The Fountain
A Walk to Remember is a romantic novel. Have you read it?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I enjoy football and soccer. What about you? What about you?
Yes, he is a Canadian. What sport do you like?
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
It is a tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
It was written by James Frey and released in 2013. Do you like speculative fiction books?
Sure, it is a fictional memoir and was released in 1991. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and True Lies. Have you seen them?
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
1600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is part of series.
Sure. I will add that one to your list.
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes he is, he is a midfielder and defender as well. Do you follow soccer?
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What sport do you follow?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't watch tennis.
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do! She is a singer/songwriter. Are you a fan of her music?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
That's true. Did you know she starred in Hair Show with Hair Show?
Do you like jaws because it is a horror movie or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie as well.
No problem, I am here for you.
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie is written by French Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
Amelie is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic drama?
Yes, Rob Cohen wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Clockwork Princess. Have you seen them?
The genre is drama and crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Steven Spielberg and is in the genre suspense.
If you like Craig T. Nelson, you should also check out Without a Trace.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Water for Elephants which is a historical fiction film.
You're welcome
I don't know too much about them. I do know they are owned by Lovie Smith. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but I do know the team is the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a football fan?
I like to watch the Carolina Panthers. I like the Carolina Panthers. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a member of that band. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Do you know anything about Joe Hahn? He is a friend.
Yes, I do. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
That's amazing. I saw them win the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl titles. They're a great team.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote Murder by Death
Sure, I would recommend Water for Elephants or The Rum Diary.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure. Did you like it because it stars Tom Skerrit or because it is fantasy?
Yes it is. It also stars Seth Rogen. Have you seen it?
Sure, you might enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl and Welcome to Temptation.
I don't know much about them either. I know they are owned by Jay-Z.
Not really, I am more of a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers. What sports do you like?
I like football and soccer as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I haven't seen it but I heard it is a good one. I really enjoyed it. Have you seen it?
She starred in Mrs. Doubtfire, which is a comedy.
It was a great movie! It also starred Shia LaBeouf, who is a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen that?
Yes, you are correct. He was also in The Birdcage.
Yes, I do recall that one. It is very funny.
Yes, I do. I love the Pirates of the Caribbean because it is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes he was. He was also in The Good Doctor.
If you like thrillers, you should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
Waiting also has Joss Whedon, who also starred in the movie Waiting.
You are welcome, enjoy!
True Grit is a family genre. Do you like family movies? If so, I would recommend True Grit.
He has starred in The People Speak, The Truth, and The Patriot. Have you seen any of those?
He's been in White House Down, which is a great movie for kids.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan who also directed Young Sherlock Holmes.
He also directed Shackleton which is a Drama movie released in 2014. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2014 and is a Mystery film. Do you like Mystery films?
You are welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Steven Spielberg and released in 2002. Do you like his movies?
It is categorized as a drama and a psychological thriller.
If you like science fiction you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
They are a sports team. I guess they are a part of the NFC south.
They are a good team, do you know anything about them?
Oh wow! That was a good Super Bowl this year.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
The End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you a fan of either?
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in Pineapple Express and the Harry Potter series.
He also directed Pineapple Express, which is a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
The Son of No One is starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I have The Silence of the Lambs. It is a Speculative Fiction.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Red Dragon.
You're welcome.
You might enjoy White Oleander which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure. He was in The Lion King. Have you seen that one?
Yes, would you like to know about other movies he starred in?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, the movie written by Vince Flynn is starring Will Smith.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about Fabrio Capello either. I know Fabrio Capello is also a midfielder.
I do. I like American Football. What about you? What sport do you follow?
Yes, that is a good one. It is a family movie. Are you a fan of family movies?
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and are a boy band. Do you like boy bands?
I'm not sure where that started. Is it a drama?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but Wild Bill also stars Jason Statham. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I hope you like it!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign that was released in 1958. Have you heard of that one?
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it is a crime movie?
The Wolverine stars Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he wrote The Trials of Jesse James. Have you heard of it?
He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut and was influenced by Kurt Wimmer
Yes, I do know he is a Family, Comedy, and Comedy. He is also a musician and film director.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he is also a composer.
She starred in Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Have you seen that?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a Thriller and Drama film.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are a drama. Have you seen these?
He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read any of those?
I will have to check that out. Thanks!
I haven't, but I do know he is a science fiction writer. Do you like science fiction?
That's a good one. Dubner is from Germany. He writes mostly thrillers.
Edgar Wright wrote The Iliad, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, I have heard of him.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin. Do you like their music?
It is starring Kristin Scott Thomas. Do you like Kristen Stewart?
Yes I can tell you that there is a film starring Will Smith and Morgan Freeman
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, which is speculative fiction.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy genre?
It came out in 2013. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan of basketball. I think he is from Oakland. Do you follow the sport?
Oh wow, that's right. I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
I haven't seen him either. I heard he is a great player. Do you like basketball?
Quentin Tarantino has starred in such films as Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information. I can tell you more about Rob Zombie, as well as Quentin Tarantino.
He starred in Zombieland, which is a Science Fiction Film. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you like Big Fish because it is a comedy?
Yes, he also directed Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I would recommend High School Musical 2 starring Kenny Ortega. It is a romantic movie.
You are welcome, have a great day.
Sure. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, The Sworn Sword, and The True Confession. Have you seen those?
It also starred Sylvester Stallone, Rosario Dawson, Kristen Stewart and Robert De Niro.
I don't have that information right now, but I can tell you that he is a TV producer and a film producer.
Great, have a good day.
I don't know if they are a basketball team. But the Nets are a basketball team. Who is their coach?
Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
If you like action movies, you should check out Zoom, which is a great action movie.
It is an action movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like action movies?
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Quentin Tarantino?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes,It is a romance novel.
Thank you, I hope you like it!
I don't know who she is. I know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't follow tennis, but I do know that Serena is a tennis player from Mumbai.
I haven't seen them but I will have to check them out. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
He starred in Looking for Richard, which is a crime fiction film.
The genre is Comedy.
I don't know if he acted in any comedies, but he also starred in Water for Elephants.
Sure. Similar books to Pride and Prejudice include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Yes, it was written by satire and is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice. Do those sound interesting?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't know either. I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
That was the year that released You've Been Warned.
You're welcome
I don't know a lot about him. But I do know he starred in The Fountain which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen Zero Dark Thirty but I do like horror films. Do you like horror films?
No. Mark Boal also starred in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy/drama.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a teen film and Adventure. Is that a genre you prefer?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great Waltz. He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of that one?
It's a romantic comedy starring Reese Witherspoon and Margaret Atwood.
He also starred in A Beautiful Mind, which is a Romance Film.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, he did. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by William Shakespeare, aristocrat, and William Steig.
You're welcome.
Twilight is written by meg cabot. what else can i do for you?
Yes she is a great author. I would recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, I can tell you that Holden Scott starred in The Social Network.
The only one I know is The Social Network. have you seen it?
You are welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling is a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He wrote a lot of poetry. You might want to check out some of his books.
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. I would recommend The Temple of My Familiar.
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Have you seen those?
It is a science fiction film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog stars Tom Hanks.
Yes she starred in that one as well, along with John Carpenter. I think you will enjoy it!
Escape from New York is a drama film.
Sure, do you like the book because it's fantasy?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Chronicles of Narnia and the Lord of the Rings
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like more movies starring Keanu Reeves?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception is starring Keanu Reeves, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you a fan of science fiction?
You might enjoy Wicked Lovely or Wildwood Dancing. Have you heard of those?
Yes. The Chocolate War was written by the same author. It's part of a series.
The Witching Hour is also a good example of Young-adult fiction. It's part of a series.
I don't know, but it's a mystery.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Slumdog Millionaire was released in 2011. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Hobbit and The Killing Room. Have you heard of those?
Aidan Turner also wrote The Hobbit. Have you heard of it?
Drama
The Looking Glass Wars starring Frank Beddor
The Golden Compass was directed by Philip Pullman
Did you like it because it was written by Roald Dahl or because it was a Fantasy?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are also Speculative fictions.
Yes, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction.
Yes, I do. It was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also wrote The Secret History and The Little Prince.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Yes, from the United States of America.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
That is a good one, would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I will add them to your reading list.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Paper Towns. Did you know he also wrote Looking for Alaska?
I'm not sure if that's true. I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Great Gatsby.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It is a historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Deadpool and wrote Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Yes, The Goon is starring Jack Black and it was directed by Tim Miller
Yes, The Goon is starring Jack Black, who also starred in The Goon
You are welcome, enjoy!
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is a Spanish movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it is a war film.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides. Have you read them?
Yes that is true. Do you like Kate Nelligan? She starred in a few movies.
Yes he did write the Vampire Chronicles, did you know that John Scalzi wrote the book?
I don't know a lot about Frédéric Mugler, but he wrote . Have you heard of it?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Do you know Homer's Iliac is a Fantasy?
I do like dramas. One of my favorite actors is Al Pacino. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie! Thanks for the recommendation.
Sean Penn wrote it. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Sean Penn directed the movie Into the Wild and starred in it.
I recommend Adventure movies starring Sean Penn if you haven't seen them.
I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed the King's Speech
Sure! Les Miserables is a romantic comedy released in 2006 and starred by Joan Rivers, do you like that genre?
Have a great day!
I don't know a lot about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you know he is a musician?
I don't know if that's true. I think he was in Princess Protection Program. Do you like her music?
I agree, I haven't heard of her. I heard she's a great performer. I really like her music.
I haven't heard of that!
Yes, it is a German sports club based in Munich. Do you like football?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
Yes, the team is coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things. Have you heard of that one?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie and directed by Paulo Coelho
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative Fiction
i don't know much about the movie but i know it was adapted from the book
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Assassination of Jesse James, The Valley of Horses and The Valley of Horses.
Emily Bronte is also a similar author.
You're welcome.
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Sure. Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor, which is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy movies?
He did. He also starred in The Good Doctor. I really liked that movie.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Gary Kubiak. Are they a good team?
Not really, I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Are you a football fan?
Yup, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Julian Glover starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Emily Bronte, Reese Witherspoon also starred in it. It was released in 1847.
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know that Saffron Burrows starred in it.
It's a historical period drama starring Emily Bronte and Emily Bronte. It was released in 1847.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1926. Do you like Historical period dramas?
I haven't read that one myself. Is it a Historical period drama?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she is a very talented tennis player. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams and she is a model.
Oh, that's right. What is the name of the NBA most popular sport in the world!
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I heard he is a Cricket player.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I don't have any information on what else was released in 1989. However, I can tell you that Thomas Christensen wrote Como agua para chocolate.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Have a great day!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
It was released in 2014 starring Tom Cruise
No problem, enjoy
Crazy, Stupid Love was directed by Dan Fogelman who also directed Crazy, Stupid Love. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
A couple of good romance movies are Crazy, Stupid, and Unbreakable. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Stand by Me, and Cycle of the Werewolf.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
The Dead Zone is Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he has starred in alot of movies as well
Sure, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Post which is a romantic comedy.
Unfortunately, the most popular one is Larry Crowne. Would you like to watch it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, it's a mystery. Do you like mystery? If so you'll like The Casual Vacancy.
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are a professional American football team based in Seattle, California.
I don't know if that's true. Do you know who is their coach?
Do you like the Seattle Seahawks? The Seahawks are having a lot of issues with their family.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli. It was released in 2004.
Sure! He wrote Milk and Honey and Maniac Magee. They are both young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know a lot about him. I think he is a very good tennis player. Do you like him?
I don't know. What sport does he play?
I agree. I like Federer more than Rafael Nadal. How about you?
Mary GrandPre is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
J.K. Rowlings is the author.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, she did. That book was released in 2016.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Gary Kubiak.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a Dallas fan?
I haven't been following them for a long time. They have a good season so far.
I do, he is a great coach for the Houston Texans.
Yes, he wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
X-Men 2 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell, and Tim Roth.
Sure. Elizabeth Sherrill wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place has genre Autobiographical novel. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, I hope you like it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds to name a few.
Yes, you might enjoy The Warrior, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Ok, enjoy!
Ok, enjoy the movie!
He directed The Lego Movie. Have you seen that?
I don't know who starred in it, but Phil Lord directed it.
Yes, he was in White House Down as well.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes she was. No Strings Attached was produced by Sean Penn.
No problem, enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a Science Fiction Film?
Have you seen World War Z? It is a Sci-Fi movie
War of the Worlds starred Mark Wahlberg and Bill Paxton, have you seen it?
I don't know when it was released, do you want to know what year it was released?
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Red Tent. Have you heard of those?
Yes, I do recommend other books by Anita Diamant.
You're welcome!
Yes, A Little Princess was written by Rhonda Byrne and is a Children's Literature. Do you like that author?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, have you heard of Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld?
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway, would you like to know more about this?
A Farewell to Have and Have Not was released in 1989. It is a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Charlie Sheen is one of the actors in Year One.
Yes he did write Ghostbusters
Your welcome enjoy
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. Do you like them?
Do you like it because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Another great Sci-Fi movie is The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen that?
Yes, it's very good. X-Men: First Class is directed by Mark Helprin.
Yes she was, she also starred in the movie.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Third Generation and The Merchant of Venice. Have you seen them?
Micmacs is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he started his career in 2004. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Other books by him include The Ocean at the End of the Lane and The Moon and More.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
No problem, enjoy!
It's a great movie written by Joel Coen, starring Matt Damon and Brendan Fraser.
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in a romance film called The Usual Suspects.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Science Fiction?
It's a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is also a spy movie. Have you seen Zombieland?
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Rhonda Byrne. Are you a fan?
Sure. Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides released in 2012.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he was. He wrote all of the Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, I don't have any similar novels, but Dumas was influenced by William Shakespeare. He was born in Berkshire.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Time Machine and The Red Tent. Have you read those?
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it but I do know that Peter Capaldi also starred in Ghostbusters II and The Last Samurai.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes there is a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins which is also a Children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Hunger Games because it stars Suzanne Collins or because it is a Hunger Games?
Have you seen Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt? It's also a thriller.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Yes, I do. Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
Walking Disaster is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes I do, I really like murder mystery as well.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like it because it stars Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I like Keanu Reeves, too! He starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that?
Keanu Reeves also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed Titanium. Have you heard it?
Yes she did and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes Australia is on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Speed. Have you seen either of those?
I like romance a little bit. What about you? What genre do you like?
Yes, it is a good Romance film. Have you seen it?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
You may enjoy the Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel, it was also written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead, it is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Golden Compass.
Yes, he did write it as well
Mission Impossible is a Action/Adventure movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action Film?
Do you like it because it stars Morgan Freeman?
Sure, do you like it because it is a Fantasy or because it is starring Will Ferrell?
Yes, he did. He starred in a few movies including Unstoppable and Titanic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, which is a comedy.
Ted Danson has a genre of Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Marue Hindle wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read either of those?
Yes it was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley have you seen it?
Yes they are. The Modern Prometheus was released in English as well.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Name of the Wind and The Dharma Bums. Have you read those?
It was released in 1856. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are in the NFL and are owned by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them either. I know they are a football team in Charlotte, NC.
I like basketball as well. My niece is a huge fan. I like college football.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story.
Toy Story 3 and Tom Hanks are the only stars in the movie.
It's a great movie!
Sure, I'll send it right now!
I believe he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't watch basketball either. I heard he is a good player.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you? What team do you follow?
It's a Sci-Fi Thriller and was released in 2011.
William Sanderson starred in The Expendables 2 and Dawn Treader. Have you seen those?
It is very entertaining, as well as a comedy, it is also very entertaining!
Bood Diamond starred in the movie. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He is a great actor. He starred in The Wolf, which is a science fiction film. Have you seen that?
I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
He starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
The Way is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Wimmer and he also wrote The New York Trilogy.
Kurt Wimmer starred in Law Abiding Citizen. Would you like to know more about Kurt Wimmer?
I like psychological thrillers and crime fiction. What genre do you like?
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The Last Templar is a good one
You're welcome
Yes, I know her. My favorite song is Whatcha Say. Do you like her?
Yes, I do. One of my favorites is Friend's Girl, and Love Actually. Have you heard of them?
I like Lady Gaga too. She has a good voice and I like her too. What about you?
He wrote The Last Man, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
It is a paranormal romance and was released in 2002. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, it's a Spanish version. You should give it a try.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Red Tent. Have you heard of those?
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You're welcome
Sure, do you like it because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Crime Fiction?
Capone is a drama and crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
That is a good one. The Godfather Part II is a historical period drama.
It is starring Ty Burrell and James Franco. Do you like those actors?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Roland Emmerich and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like the genre?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a Thriller
Sure, have you heard of Red Dragon? It is a good one
I'm not sure, but the main lead in The slaves is James Franco
You're welcome
Sure. Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is that a fiction novel?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
Sure, that was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She wrote What Happens in Vegas.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl
It is a romantic comedy, do you like romance?
No problem, enjoy!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is a romance novel
It is written by J.K. Rowling
No problem
Yes I have. Do you like her because she wrote The Search?
It was released in 1943
Yes it was
I am not a huge fan of football. Isn't he a midfielder?
I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
I am not a fan of baseball but I do like to watch the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he wrote White Night and starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Yes, I haven't seen it but I do know that he directed it, and produced it as well. Do you like his movies?
I don't know if he directed or starred in any other films, but I do know that he also starred in Minority Report and Splice.
Yes he was in Shackleton and Thirteen Ghosts.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It was released in 2010 do you like action movies?
Yes, he wrote Lord of the Rings and The Princess and the Frog.
He wrote a lot of books in the genre of Science Fiction.
I would recommend thrillers, drama, and fantasy. Have you heard of it?
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read them?
I've heard they're good. I think they're a good read. I think they'll give it a try.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Stan Lee. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is married to Emma Stone. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Yes, Rashida Jones did star in that as well. Did you know that?
You're welcome!
The novelist Chinua Achebe is written by the author, Chinua Achebe.
Have you heard of World Without End? It is a fiction.
No I haven't seen it. Is that a fiction film?
You are welcome have a nice day.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre memoir
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like another movie starring Keanu Reeves?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I've heard they're good. I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
Alright, I love Echoes of Silence! Do you like Echoes of Silence?
I agree, they have good reviews!
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't know of any other books written by John Grisham but he wrote a lot of thrillers.
The Brethren was released in 1993. It is a thriller.
I am not sure of the answer to that, but it was released in 1995.
I'm not sure if there is a book in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Dr Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Stories.
The Cat in the Hat is another Dr. Seuss book written by Dr. Seuss.
How about The Cat in the Hat? It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a songwriter. Do you like him?
I do like his music. Do you know he is a judge on The Voice?
I do. I like the X Factor because he is a judge on The X Factor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you heard of those?
Have you heard of The Tempest? It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, and also Sean Penn
I dont have that information right now.
He is mainly starring in the movie The Nanny Diaries
I hope you enjoy the movie
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did. It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy genre?
He was influenced by Stephen King, and was also a film producer.
Yes, if you like children's literature, I would recommend Watership Down as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson stars in The Prestige and Ghostbusters II. Have you seen either of these?
Great! I'll add that to your watch list.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, it stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and 2. Do those sound interesting to you?
Yes, he also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I know they are a team in the NFL. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a good team?
I don't know too much about his life but I do know he was born in Houston, Texas
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did write that one as well.
Yes, Tarnation and the Apostle also starred Valerie Tian and was directed by David Ayer.
Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years.
yes that is true. do you like his music?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced.
i believe so. do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him other than he was married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Honestly, I don't know, but I know he is married to Hailey Baldwin.
I haven't heard of that one. Is it a pop rock genre?
There is a movie called The Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Yes, he was in the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in The Good Doctor and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse. Have you read that one?
The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
Mythology is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. It's a comedy.
You might also enjoy The Giver. It's also a animated movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She wrote Wicked and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, it was a play. Would you like to hear more about the genre?
I don't think so. Is that the genre you are looking for?
You're welcome.
I don't, I know she wrote The Prestige. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure who else stared in it but I know it was directed by Dr. Seuss. Did you see it?
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you heard of that one?
It is written in English and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
It was written in English and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Super which is a crime/comedy film. He also directed Super. Have you seen it?
Super and Slither stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Sure, he also starred in the movie Troy, which is a crime fiction film.
I hope you enjoy them!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice.
Yes, it was released 1606. That's a great book.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is written by J.K. Simmons.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Elysium is a great movie. It stars Tom Cruise and Matt Damon. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen him. I think he's a good actor. He also starred in The Prestige.
Do you like Gravity because it's science fiction?
I hope you like them!
I don't have that information. I know he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't think so. I don't have any information on that. I can tell you he is a good one.
I don't know if he is an artist. But Pray is an American singer.
Not really, I'm more into rock. What about you? What kind of music do you like?
Yes, David McDuff wrote рестууление и накаание.
It was released in 1895
Children's Literature
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Mixed Martial Artist.
I don't know much about him either. Is he a Brazilian?
I'm not sure, but I've heard she's a Brazilian.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you heard of it?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
It also stars Danny DeVito and Jack Black Hawking.
Have fun!
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What is your favorite genre?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about this book?
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1997.
Under Magnolia was released in 1996.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Princess. Have you seen those?
The Pacifier is a genre Comedy. Do you like comedy films?
Underdog is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I hope you like it!
City of God is a Crime Thriller. Do you enjoy crime fiction?
It is a suspense/mystery film directed by Cassandra Clare.
Yes. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and The House of God.
Sure. He wrote The Future of Us and The Future of Us. Have you read them?
Sure, do you like young adult fiction? The Giver is a good example.
I recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. They are both young adult fiction books.
It was released in 2007 I think you will enjoy it.
I hope you like it.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 1891.
The Mortal Instruments was also released in 2011 as well. Have you heard of him?
You are so welcome. I hope you like it.
The Historian is written by William Gibson and released in 1851. It is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
If you like suspense, you could also try Without Fail. Have you heard of that one?
If you like suspense, you should give Without Fail a try. It is also a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Are you a fan of the author, Markus Zusak, or do you like the genre?
Did you like it because it was starring Tate Donovan?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy. Do you like those?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Crime Fiction?
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes it is. Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
You are welcome.
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she was also in it, do you like her movies?
They have also written Tales of Beedle the Bard.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology novel written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Did you know that The Titan's Curse is part of the series? The genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome!
I don't know a lot about music but I do like The Weeknd because he is a friend with Selena Gomez.
Yes, she did. She also starred in Princess Protection Program and The Muppets.
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know a lot about her. I know she starred in Men in Black 3 and starred in the movie The Muppets.
Yes, I like Will Smith too. He's a great actor.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
Definitely, he wrote L. Brooks and starred in You've Been Warned as well.
Yes, I like As Good As It Get, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy too?
Yes I can. What a Girl Want is a comedy with Harrison Ford. Do you like her movies?
Evan Goldberg is a director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, this is the End is a comedy and drama.
No problem enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid and he directed the Karate Kid. Have you seen those?
Yes, do you like martial arts films? Sylvester Stallone also starred in Revolutionary Road.
I am not sure who starred in the Last Dragon, but I do know that The Green Hornet is a great movie.
Yes, she is a good one as well.
You're welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
The Queen of Attolia is a historical period drama
Do you like the movie because of the story line Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
I do not know, but i know the other Harry Potter movies are The Return of the Living Dead
Yes, this is directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you heard of The Valley of Horses?
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy/Speculative fiction novel that was released in 1993.
Great! I think you will enjoy Zoe's Tale.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of movies. He was in a lot of movies. He was in a lot of movies. Do you like his acting?
Unforgivable Blackness also has a genre Drama and Sci-Fi
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Hunt for Red October which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an Indian Cricketer who plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What sport do you like?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Serena Williams is also a Tennis Player.
Wow, I didn't know he was on TV as well. He was a good athlete too.
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like him?
Oh wow, that's a good one. I really liked Space Jam. Have you seen it?
I've heard of him. Is he a good director? I don't know much about him either.
I don't follow football much. I think they are having a good season. Are you a fan?
Sure. The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lightning Lightning is a part of a series. The next in the series is The Lightning Thief
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curse of Paradise and was released in 1926.
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote Michael Crichton. He also wrote a book called The Last Templar. Have you heard of that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It is a great movie!
Yes he does. Jason Lee is a great actor. He also starred in The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
Have you read David Copperfield? It is a great book.
Yes,It is a biography
Jeremy Tambling has written a few books including David Copperfield
I don't know any other song by him but I do know he is married to J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he's a great performer
I don't know if he composed anything, but he did write Men in Black 3 and Love Actually
Cat's Cradle is a speculative fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like speculative fiction?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you be interested in more books by Hesse?
It was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about the book?
Clive Barker has also written The Martian Chronicles, The Titan's Curse, and many others.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might enjoy The Return of the King or The Lord of the Rings: The Second Tower.
I haven't seen it yet. Is that a book or movie?
Sure, do you like the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes because it is a Mystery or Crime Fiction?
Great, I will add it to your list.
It's a detective fiction novel. Do you like detective fiction?
Yes, it is a short story. Do you like short stories?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins fiction?
The Perfect Game was written by Reese Witherspoon. It was released in 2004.
Yes, The Girl on the Train was filmed in the United States. Have you seen it? It is a drama film.
Yes I do. I love his music. I like his wife Jaime Smith. Do you like her?
I haven't heard of her fathers music. Wasn't she on American Idol?
I do like Zooey Deschanel. She is a great singer.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like drama movies?
He also directed Three Kings, have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, all my Sons is a drama
Yes, I recommend The Body Snatchers its a drama as well
You are welcome, enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler and The Fountain. Have you seen those?
Yes, she starred in it as well.
Yes, she starred in a movie called Sweet Home Alabama which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is a great movie! Enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen those?
He also directed The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that?
I don't have any other titles in that genre but I can tell you he wrote The House of Mirth which is a Historical novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool because it is a Fantasy Film?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure, but I know he is a good lead.
Have you read J.K. Rowling's work?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Art, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is in English. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Interstellar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
If you like Interstellar, you might enjoy The Wolverine, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
If you like Interstellar, you might also like The X-Men movies as well.
It was starred by World War Z, who also starred in a lot of other movies.
If you like sci-fi, I would also recommend The Maze Runner.
I do! He is a country singer who composed Country Man. Do you like country?
I don't have that information. I know he is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know. I don't think I've heard this song before. I'm going to listen to it now.
He directed Equilibrium, Timequake, Timequake, and Timequake.
Yes, Equilibrium was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Would you like to see it?
Great, would you like me to send it to you?
No problem enjoy!
Sidney Lumet is an American singer-songwriter and author. He wrote The Pallbearer.
He also wrote The Secret History and The Valley of Horses
Crime Fiction genre
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Siren, The Prince, and The Siren are also written by Kiera Cass.
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day
Sure, he directed Waking Life and Slacker. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Ok, you are welcome
Sure, he directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
How about Paper Towns?
I hope you enjoy Paper Towns.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Not that I know of, but Gus Van Sant also directed The Longest Yard. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Pallbearer. Have you seen it?
I do! I'm sure you will enjoy it!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you heard of that one?
He did write When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, Flannery O'Connor is a writter and Dorothy Parker. He was born in SantaLand Diaries. Do you like writting?
It was written by E. Lockhart. Do you like the author?
He wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Do those sound interesting?
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Moon. Have you heard of those?
It is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
It was written by Charles Frazier.
You are welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a K-pop boy band?
I don't know that. I know they are a K-pop band. I think I heard they won the MTV Video Video Award for Video of the Year.
He's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins and Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he did write a lot of books. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and poet.
He is a good Athlete! He plays for China National Football team. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944. Would you like to know more about this?
It is in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Goodfellas is starring Rory Kinnear and Juliet Marillier. Have you seen it?
Have you seen A Mighty Wind? It is a good one.
Certainly. What Just Happened is a Romance Film. what else can i answer?
Yes, he did. Art Linson also wrote School of Rock.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it's a drama or a crime movie?
I am not sure who stars in What Lies Beneath but it is a drama.
I don't have that information, can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know that the team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
I do like to watch football. What sport do you like to watch?
I don't watch basketball. I am a Lakers fan. Do you watch the Lakers?
Oh wow, he's a great player, right? I guess Micheal Jordan is a great player.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist. Have you seen that?
Yes that is true. Do you like Jason Statham? He stared in White House Down
Yes I would have to say I am not too familiar with the movie
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's right. Tom McCarthy starred in Spinal Tap. Have you seen that?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage is an actor and starred in Gravity. Do you like his acting?
Gravity was released in 2009. It is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2013. I don't know what year it was released. Sorry.
Zooey Deschanel is a great Sci-Fi film
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like football?
I didn't realize that. Isn't Fernando Hierro from Oakland?
Yes, it's a very good place to visit as the San Diego Chargers.
It was written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson
Rebecca Hall has starred in a lot of films including The Prestige, The Dark Knight
You are welcome, enjoy!
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller and is a war novel. Do you like war books?
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
My apologies. I don't have any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
It was released in 2007 in the English language.
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
Yes, it's a good book. It was written by George R.R. Martin. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a drama?
I will have to check it out.
You are welcome.
Sure, he directed White Oleander, which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Cars 2 was released in 2004 and Cars 2. Have you seen it?
Cars 2 has Rufus Sewell and John Lasseter.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him but I heard he is a professional boxer who starred in Ocean's Eleven.
She is a boxer and starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like boxing?
Yes, he is talented too. I think you will enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I don't know much about football but I do know they are a good team. Who is your favorite player?
I am not a huge fan of the Redskins. I think they are doing well this season. Do you like them?
That was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like her work?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
I would recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan of the NBA?
He is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets he is a basketball player
Yes, he is a wide receiver
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. Ted Tally starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
I am more of a fan of thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? That is a great film.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I have heard of it. It's a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Sure, I can recommend Zombieland starring Shia Lebouf. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you? What about you?
I'm not sure when Pippen played, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I don't know about Hush, Hush but I can tell you that was written by Rhonda Byrne. Would you like to know more about the book?
yes it is a series
Yes it is a novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
You too!
He is a professional Golfer from London. Do you like Golf?
I don't know much about golf either. I heard he is a great golfer. I think he won the 2007 PGA Championship, and a couple of PGA Championships.
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I know a lot of tennis players like Adam Sandler, Liam Neeson, and Johnny Depp
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Who do you root for?
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know that they are in the NFC South division. Are you a football fan?
I don't know much about theirs, but I know they are owned by David Lils. I think they are a good team.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1963, the same year that mier Miasta was released. It was released in Spanish.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she was also a model?
That's interesting. Did you know the Giver was produced by Lois Lowry?
Are you referring to the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is also a Young Adult Fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote.
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote.
I have not seen it but I do know it was directed by Truman Capote. It also starred Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. He starred in Finding Nemo which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Mandy Moore was in it as well. Do you like her acting?
I would recommend True Greno if you like animation films.
Yes, he starred in Toy Story. He also starred in it as well.
Yes, he also starred in Larry Crowne too!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre? It's a thriller.
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear about other Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 1999 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Anthony Edwards.
You're welcome. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Beautiful Mind.
He also starred in Undercover Brother, which is a Science Fiction Film.
You're welcome.
Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando all starred in the film.
Scent of a Woman is directed by Reese Witherspoon
Yes, he is a great director.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on his films, but he is a great director.
Witless Protection is a thriller and was directed by Richard Bull.
Sure! Witless Protection is a thriller and stars Al Pacino as well as Al Pacino.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, I think she is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is a singer like Selena Gomez.
I'm not sure but I can tell you she is also a singer. Do you like Pop music?
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally haven't heard any of their music, but Linkin Park's Old Music has been a lot of fun. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
I like alternative rock, like Linkin Park and Old Music. I like alternative rock, too.
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Twisted, and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of them?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
He's been in so many films. He's been in a number of films. He's been in a number of films.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Crucible, which is a crime thriller.
I'm not finding anything on her. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sylvia Plath wrote Ariel and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath.
I don't have that information, but Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I don't know the most popular song, but I do like Michael Jackson too. He is a DJ, songwriter, and songwriter.
I'm not sure if it's a ballad. I guess he's a very good person.
Yes, it's about the whale. Do you like it?
Yes, I do. He's a director. He's a director, producer, and director. He's a director. Do you enjoy his movies?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe is considered non fiction. Would you like to hear more about this?
I don't have any History related books, but I do know it was released in 1513.
I would also recommend Il Principe, which was released in 1513.
Yes, he wrote The System of the World. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it is written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is Fiction and Children's Literature
I'm not sure if it is Musical, do you like musicals?
It was written by J.D. Salinger and Christopher Nolan
I don't know who starred in Memento, but it is directed by Christopher Nolan
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for France national football team.
I didn't know that. Who is he?
I like them as well, but I don't know much about them. Who is your favorite player?
Do you like the author because it's a drama?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Drama.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray wrote Set It Off, which is a Speculative fiction film. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Princess Mononoke is a drama starring Jada Pinkett Smith. Have you seen it?
It is a good one with Jada Pinkett Smith. It is also a animated film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers? If so you'll like Ocean's Thirteen.
The Fight Club is a Drama/Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I don't know if I can recommend a comedy movie, but I do know that it is starring Shia LaBeouf.
If you like Brad Pitt, I would recommend The Handmaids Tale. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like her?
I don't have any other recommendations, but you may want to check out The Perfect Score. It is a Romantic Film starring Emily Watson.
Yes, it is! It is a Romantic Film starring Emily Watson.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you know a lot about Cricket? I don't know much about Cricket.
Wow, I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
I don't know much except that they are a Lakers fan. Are they a basketball team?
I don't know much about him, I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1997.
Louis Sachar also wrote a couple of books including Unleashed and The Butterfly Effect. Have you heard of them?
It was written in English and is a great book for books. I think you will enjoy it.
He is a basketball player, he plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I don't know much about the number 1 team, but the team is owned by Steve Kerr.
They are a basketball movie. I would recommend watching The Golden State Warriors. It is a basketball movie.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable and The Fountain.
Yes, Vulgar is a Crime/Sci-fi film released in 1991. It is about a girl who is a girl and a woman.
Sure. Vulgar is a 1998 American crime drama film directed and directed by Ron Howard.
Sure, he is a very talented man. He was born in Los Angeles, and starred in the movie The Stepford Wives. Have you seen it?
Glad I could help!
I haven't heard of them but I do know they are a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, what sports do you like?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind. It was released in 1994.
Sure, have you read The Wizard's First rule or The Pillars of Creation?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R.R. Martin and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he has written many fiction novels as well as The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Down and Out of Paris is a Historical Novel.
I think you will enjoy it.
It is speculative fiction and science fiction.
I hope you enjoy them.
Have a good day
I don't know much about him. I know he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is a great team! Did you know their team is owned by Tom Cruise?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he is a great Quarterback. He is a great Quarterback.
I don't know much about him other than he fought Oscar De La Hoya.
Sorry, I don't have much information on that.
Yes, he's also a good trainer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by M. Night Shyamalan who also wrote Star Maker.
Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Do you like it because it's Thriller?
Then I think you'll enjoy The Warrior's Way, if you haven't seen it.
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi. It's part of the series.
OK, I'll add them to your list.
He starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
I don't have any more information on that one. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Would you like to read the book's author?
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a book by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like science fiction? Is that the genre you are looking for?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Jack Reacher is a Thriller and Crime Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, he's one of the most popular hip hop artists of his. Do you like hip hop?
Ziggy Marley is a lyricist. Do you know he is a lyricist?
I don't play any of his songs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Ratatouille is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like Ratatouille?
Have you seen the movie Ratatouille? It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Se7en is a Thriller starring Jack Black. Do you like Thriller movies?
Have you seen Shark Night? It's a crime Thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in it but it's a real serial killer.
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
I haven't, but I heard it's very good. Do you enjoy Sci-Fi?
Circling the Sun was released in 2008.
Yes, it was also written in English. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about her. I know she starred in What's Your Number? which is a comedy.
I don't really know any song from her but I do like Stronger because she is friends with Kelly Clarkson. Do you like her?
I don't know if she has any other fans, but I do like Clay Aiken. I think he is a great singer.
I do, I love reality television. I would also recommend The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy/Adventure novel.
Yes, he wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels and City of Fallen Angels.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, Terry George directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that?
Hotel Rwanda has a genre Drama and Comedy.
The Other Boleyn girl starred by William H. Macy, who also starred in The Corpse Bride
It's considered a historical fiction.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a History movie. Do you like history movies?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a speculative fiction novel released in 2004. It's about the life of aristocrat Mary Burroughs.
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
I don't have any more information on that, but I can tell you that Tom Hanks starred in the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen it?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, it was turned into a film as well, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read those?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is a fantasy novel. Do you like fiction?
The Siren is definitely a good one for her. The Siren is also a film adaptation. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Jackson.
It was released in 1818 and is in the English language.
He has also starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a historical period drama.
Yes she was in Valentine's day as well, along with Ned Beatty.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
I haven't heard of that one. Was it written by John Green?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan?
Yes he was, he was also a Point Guard
Yes they do. I know a lot of people are a part of the National Football League as well.
It was written by James Dashner and was released in 2012. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I have. Would you like me to send it to you?
X-Men is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Rosario Dawson, Joan Rivers, and Leslie Bibb are a few starred in the film.
Volcano is a comedy/romance film. Do you like those types of movies?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Do you like the movie Moulin Rouge?
Yes, she was. Do you like her? She was in Zoolander as well.
Missy Eliot also starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
I don't watch soccer. I am a huge fan. I prefer American Football. What sport do you like?
I don't watch sports. I am a huge sports fan. I do enjoy basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't watch sports but I do enjoy football. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I hope they have a good chance.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It's also a good one.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in 3rd Rock From The Sun.
Glad I could help!
Jonathan Dayton has starred in a lot of movies. He wrote A Walk to Remember and It's a Wonderful Life. Have you seen those?
Yes, that's a good one. Did you know Abigail Breslin was born in Houston?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
I know he is a singer, songwriter, singer, and songwriter. Do you know any of his songs?
I don't know if I do. Isn't he with Jordin Sparks?
I haven't heard of her. Is she a good one?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you a fan of her work?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure what year it was released.
Did you like Ender's Game because it was speculative fiction?
Speaker of the Dead is Speculative fiction. Speakers of the Dead is a trilogy
Waylander is written by Waylander and is a speculative fiction
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Terry Pratchett
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I know she starred in The Muppets and also in The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, I will have to check it out.
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen it?
Coldplay is a great band. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about this song. Is Yellow your favorite song?
I'm not sure about that. I just know that it was filmed in Amsterdam.
Yes, I can. Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton and Win a Date with Tad Hamilton.
I don't know if he starred in any comedies, but he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie.
Yes, she is starring in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote My Soul to Take which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer?
The Prophet was released 2000 what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter who starred in a lot of movies.
Sure, one of his most popular songs is Yuvraj Singh. Do you like his music?
It's a pop rock genre. Do you like hip hop?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure but I know it was released in 2013
It was released in 2004
I think it was written in 1936
Do you like it because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians has genre Comedy. Do you like comedies?
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
You're welcome.
Red stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like the movie Red?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in The Black Dahlia which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
Sure, Shooter is written by Steven Spielberg and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his movies?
Shia LaBeouf is the leading actor in Shooter.
Yes, he did. The O.C. is a great Sci-Fi Thriller.
I hope you like it!
Did you like the movie because it was starring Marlon Brando?
Then you might enjoy Catch-22 which is a drama and also a crime movie.
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is directed by David Ayer.
Yes, Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Seth Rogen and Ashley Judd. Do you like Maleficent?
Sure, I recommend a couple of her movies. One of her most popular ones is The Chocolate Factory. Have you seen it?
Yes. Mr. and Mrs Smith is a great movie.
Yes I did see that one as well. Do you like Owen Wilson?
Yes, he was in a lot of movies. I think he was in a tv show called Footloose as well.
He plays for the Germany national football team.
He plays the position of Midfielder and he is a midfielder and he is a midfielder.
He plays for Germany as a midfielder and he is also a midfielder.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team. Do you like him?
It is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a Midfielder. He is a Midfielder.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy films?
Yes, he is. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have any examples of Edge of Tomorrow. Do you want something in the genre?
Yes it is! Do you want to know anything about Bill Murray?
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen that one but I heard it was good. Do you like it?
I like musicals. Do you like musicals? Zooey Deschanel is also in it as well.
I like murder mystery as well. Do you like murder mystery?
I haven't seen Pacifier. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read those?
Some of her most famous works are Infinite Jest and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it did. It was directed by Margaret Stohl. It's part of a series.
I'm not a huge fan of the Yankees but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner. Are you a fan?
He was born in Los Angeles, the New York Yankees.
The movie Inside Out is written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you seen it?
I don't know who produced it, I know he directed it but he did write it as well.
I don't know what else he produced, but he produced The Bounty Hunter
I'm not sure but he did write it as well.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Rapaport also starred in The Wedding Date.
Yes, Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes, and Robin Williams starred in it as well as Good Will Hunting.
I have heard of that movie, would you like me to send it to you?
Your welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much except that they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like them?
I didn't know he was on the National Football League but I did remember that he was a defensive back. I don't follow football much.
I do like the Steelers, but I don't like the QBs. I think the Steelers were having a good season.
Are you referring to the book written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes. She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Gloria Naylor.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It is part of a series.
Yes, it also came out in 2005 and was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling. I think you will enjoy a great sci-fi movie.
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and World Without End.
I'll send them now.
Shelley Duvall has starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
It's a horror film starring Al Pacino. Do you like horror films?
I think you would enjoy it. Have a great day.
You're welcome.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
I don't have that information, I can tell you that The Invasion has a genre of thriller and drama.
She has been in quite a few. She has been in a number of films. You might want to check out The Invasion or The Body Snatchers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Dwyane Wade is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association
Cadillac Records is a romantic comedy starring Dwyane Wade. Are you a fan?
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and Snoop?
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper was also in The Muppets?
It's a great movie! It also stars Will Smith. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
It is a non-fiction. It was released in 1892.
I don't know any other writers who wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, but Victor J Stenger was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Orlando Bloom or because it is a Fantasy or Adventure movie?
Have you seen The Good Doctor? It stars Orlando Bloom.
Yes, he starred in Zulu and Troy, have you seen them?
No problem, enjoy!
I do! She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I don't know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him?
I do like Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler was a great golfer?
Yes, I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you see it?
He directed The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen that one?
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a drama/romance. Do you like those types of movies?
I do not have that information right now. I can tell you more about crime dramas.
Do you like Juno because it is a Thriller movie?
I would recommend X-Men 2. It's also a Young Adult film.
Yes, it is a comedy film. Do you like comedy films?
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper has been in a number of films including The Fault in Our Stars, The Handmaid's Tale, and The House of Mirth
Bradley Cooper starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, a comedy film
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is in English.
Have you seen Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt? It is a thriller and there is also a film adaptation
If you like thriller movies you should watch Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Sure. Similar books to Pride and Prejudice include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
John Green wrote Lullaby.
He wrote Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion and Lady Susan.
No, I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Do you like it?
It's a great movie. Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in it?
He was also in The Young Messiah. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Rocky is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Me either. Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you seen it?
Undisputed is a martial arts film and martial arts film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like Water for Elephants because it is a Romance Film?
If you like historical period dramas you should check out Out of the Dust.
I don't know when it was released.
You're welcome.
I didn't know that. I know he was born in Atlanta. I think he is a great basketball player.
I am not a huge fan. I just know he won the NBA All-Rookie Award. What is your favorite player?
Wow! What is your favorite sport to watch in the playoffs?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Who is the current coach?
Sure, it was written by Mark Haddon, and released in 2002. It is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama movies?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It stars Francis Ford Coppola.
Apocalypse Now is a Romance film. Apocalypse Now is a Romance.
I do! She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read them?
Prisoner of Shark Island has a Genre of Romance and Drama
I really like his music. I think he is a great songwriter
Private Benjamin is a Parody and Drama
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The God of Small Things. Have you heard of that one?
Underworld is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes. She wrote White Oleander which is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Insomnia because it's a thriller?
War was starred by Rufus Sewell, who also starred in Wonderland.
I don't know when it came out. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Academy. Have you seen those?
Sure, he also starred in a movie called The Ugly.
It was released in 2004.
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I don't know much except that she is a Romanian professional tennis player. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about tennis but I know she is from Belarus.
I don't know much except that they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like them?
I agree! I liked Tuesday Night Football as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yea, I'm not sure if that's the title but I do know he was married to Gisele
127 hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
127 Hours is a romantic comedy starring James Franco. Have you seen This is Spinal Tap?
I'm not sure if he is in a rom-com, but he was in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, it was written by Rhonda Byrne. Are you a fan?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Comedies is a comedy, do you like comedy?
Isn't he a cricket player? Isn't he from India?
Not really, I don't know much about soccer. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and is part of the series The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you heard of that one?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Glad to be of help
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Peter Pan. Have you read those?
There are so many great books that are similar to Peter Pan, including The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
A Christmas Carol is a good one, do you want me to add it to your list?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a fiction novel written by American novelist and author.
J.M. Barrie is the author of the book.
Yes, he wrote Paccka. Have you heard of that one?
Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear, who also wrote Notes on A Scandal.
I dont have that information, but he is a scientist and a scientist.
No I don't, but it was written by J.K. Rowling. Have you seen it?
Kristen Connolly wrote it. Do you like her work?
Yes it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you like it!
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't have any other information on that. Is there anything I can help you with?
I don't know any other movies he's directed, but he also directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
I'm not sure, but it also has genre Sci-Fi
2006 was the year that released Z: A Scanner Darkly.
Have you seen The Blind Side? It's a great movie.
I would recommend World Without End, if you like Biographies.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister. Do you like her?
I do but I am not a huge fan of tennis, but I do know that Serena is also ranked world No. 1 in singles rankings
I don't know a doubles, but I do know that Serena is also a Tennis Player
Yes, it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like superhero films?
I haven't seen Woman in Gold but I do see Woman in Gold. The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock.
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in Prisoners.
It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like his movies?
It starred Emile Zola, Helena Mattsson, and Liam Neeson.
It was released in 2004.
I haven't seen Superman Returns, but I heard it was a good movie. I haven't seen it. Do you like it?
It is a superhero film. do you like superhero movies?
Yes he did. You should check that one out. It's a good one.
Yes he is, do you like Tom Hank?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
It was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zero Dark Thirty is a good one. what else can i answer?
what else can i do for you?
Do you like Marley and Me: Life and Love with the Worst Dog?
Yes, it is based on the book by Lemony Snicket.
The movie is based on Romeo and Juliet, starring in it as well.
ok. Give me a few minutes to help.
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome.
Great. Have a good day.
Yes, Outlander is written by George R.R. Martin and is a science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
She wrote Outlander, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other books by her but I do know My Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he is a Brazilian professional footballer. Are you a fan?
I don't really follow soccer. I don't follow soccer closely. Do you follow soccer?
Yes they were. I liked Ryan Gosling too. He was so good in Remember the Titans.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on where he's acted. Is there anything else I can help with?
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I don't know much about her other than that she starred in a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Papa Don't Preach but I heard he is a great musician. What is your favorite artist?
Thriller is my favorite. What is your favorite song?
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a football fan. Are they a good team?
I don't know much about football either. I do know that they are owned by the New York Jets.
I didn't know that. I do know that the New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson.
Yes, he wrote Snatch and Snatch.
It is a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, I'll add that right now.
I haven't heard of BTS. I know they are a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't heard of them. I haven't heard of them. Do they sound good?
That's a great song. The hype is rumor that they play in high school, Korea.
He has starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or either of those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Eminem is a rapper. He starred in 8 mile. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, they are. They are both friends with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did! Dj Khaled is a very talented man.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Have you seen that one?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
It is a comedy and was released in 2002. Do you like comedies?
She was also in The Ice Nymphs. Do you want to know more about her?
Donna Tratt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction and speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
She wrote The Little Friend, The Goldfinch, and The Golden Compass.
It's a fiction. It's about a murder. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but you may want to check out World War Z. It's a Science Fiction.
Yes, do you like Dwayne Johnson? He's in a few movies.
You should check it out!
I know he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Not really, I don't follow cricket. I know a bit about it. I don't really watch cricket. Is he from India?
Yes, I do like football. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I think the commercials will win the Super Bowl this year. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Yes she was in it as well. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have any other actors or actresses in that movie.
I don't have it, but I do enjoy it.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance Films?
Stanlee was written by J.K. Simmons
Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie Film
It was written by Jorja Fox and also stars Thomas Lennon.
He wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Yes, adding them now.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Reid. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know too much about football but I do know that they are owned by the Steelers.
I don't think so. I guess they won the Super Bowl XLVIII.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I haven't read any of his work, but Victor Hugo wrote it.
I'm not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris. You might enjoy that one?
Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Spacey.
Deadpool is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy films?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like soccer, but I prefer American Football. How about you?
Nice chatting with you. What sport do you like?
Yes she is. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Princess Protection Program.
I don't watch Men in Black 3 but I do like Selena Gomez. He is a great actor.
I haven't seen it, I think I will check it out. Enjoy!
Step Brothers is a comedy. Do you enjoy comedies?
I agree. Did you know he also starred in a couple of movies?
I'm not sure when it was released. If you like comedy, you should definitely check out Zoolander.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer's Dream.
Sure! He directed King's Speech, The King's Speech, and King's Speech. Have you seen any of those?
Kings Speech was rated PG/Crime and PG/Crime Fiction. Did you know that Stephen King also wrote The King's Speech?
The King's Speech was released in 2003 and was directed by Tom Hooper.
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I didn't know he was a defensive back then. I think he used to play for the Panthers.
Wow, I didn't know that. I think they're a pretty good team as well.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage. Are you a fan of either?
I don't know much about Rihanna. I think she is a very talented singer. What do you think?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I think you will enjoy it. It is a great movie.
Yes, he's a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you like him?
AB de Villiers is a tennis player. He is from London. Do you like tennis?
I do like R&B. I think you will enjoy them.
It's a good one. Do you like it because it's written by Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary.
No I haven't seen it yet. I will have to check it out.
I hope you enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban? That is a great book.
Juraissic was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Finding Nemo. Have you seen that one?
The Assassin's Blade
Yes, he did. He also starred in Starship Troopers
Some other actors are Liam Neeson, Leigh Brackett, and Leigh Brackett
Some other adventure movies are The Time Traveler's Wife and Starship Troopers
I don't know, but Hugh Jackman starred in The Last Templar
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it was cowritten by Stephen King. It is a fantasy novel.
Yes, he's a great author. I think he's also a great writer.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I don't watch much football but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but i know the coach is Lovie Smith
I don't know too much about him
I don't know too much about them
I don't know a lot about her, but I think she is a great singer. Did you know she starred in the movie White Oleander?
I haven't seen her perform, but I heard she has been a very good performer
I like Liam Neeson, I like Liam Neeson. I like Liam Neeson, he's a great singer.
Enrique Iglesias is one of my favorite singers. Have you heard of him?
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
I'm not sure what is her single single. do you like any other singers?
I would. Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and Shirley. Have you read them?
It was released in 1853 and is in the English language. Are you a fan?
Great, I will add that to your reading list.
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844. Have you heard of this author?
There is a book Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you heard of it?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne, and it is a speculative fiction.
It was written by St. John Mandel. Do you like the author?
Sure, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal and Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you read them?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan?
Yes, I do enjoy his writing. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Yes, he wrote a series of books and also wrote Tempted and Voyagers.
Sure, Company Man was written by Robert Jackson. He also wrote The World's End which is speculative fiction.
King Richard the Second was written by Henrietta Lacks
It was released 1595
Are you a fan of the romance aspect of the movie?
Have you seen The Notebook? It is a historical film.
Yea, it's a great movie! It was written by Sara Gruen and starred by Sara Gruen.
Of course, enjoy!
I do! It was written by Jamie Ford. It is a Speculative Fiction.
That's correct. Did you know he also wrote Songs of Willow Frost?
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
John Grisham also wrote Songs of Willow Frost & Country of nationality
Batman Begins is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a thriller and stars Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other movies listed.
Are you a fan of the book because it is written by the same author, John Grisham?
If you liked that I would recommend The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you heard of that one?
I don't have any other books written by him. I do know he wrote a lot of thrillers.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did write that which was released in 1891.
He wrote a book called The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Thriller Genre
have you read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
The goonies is a book
your welcome
Have you read Lord of the Rings by J.D. Salinger?
Yes, it was written by Simmons.
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Son of Neptune.
I do, he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
I don't know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You'll like Ours, and Young Frankenstein.
I'll add that to your watch list.
I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard for the Oakland Raiders?
I haven't heard of him since he won the NBA All-Rookie Team. What sport do you like?
He is a point guard for Oakland, and he is a point guard.
Have you heard of J.D. Salinger?
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they are a K-pop boy band from Seoul, South Korea.
I don't know what type of music is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know if I'm into Pink. Isn't she from South Korea?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and released in 1981.
It was released in 1991. It is a historical novel.
I would recommend World Without End, if you like historical fiction.
I would recommend World Without End, if you haven't read it.
No problem, enjoy!
Looper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he wrote the Brothers Bloom. what else can i answer?
have a good day
Do you like A Beautiful Mind because it stars Mindy Kaling or because it is a drama?
Sure, he directed The Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome, goodbye.
The Devil in the White City: Murderer, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Goldwyn
He also wrote Someone Like You which is a drama. Have you heard of it?
Someone Like You is a comedy.
You're welcome
It was written by J.D. Salinger, do you like the genre?
Yes he wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories
No problem have a great day
I don't know much about football, I don't know much about soccer. Who is he?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004. Do you like it because it is a science fiction film?
Yes it is starring William H. Macy
I like drama too. Have you seen Afraid of Virginia?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Sure! He wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, and The White Princess. Do those sound interesting?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
You're welcome
It is a sports team. It is a sports team. Do you follow soccer?
I think they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Dallas Mavericks. What is your favorite team?
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. Have you read it?
I Know This Much Is True is! It's a fiction novel. Have you read it?
I haven't read that one myself. Is it a fiction genre?
Have a good day
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Who do you root for?
I do, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
Both Mark Wahlberg and Tony Goldwyn starred in it as well as Joaquin Phoenix.
I don't have that information, but I do know it is a Fantasy movie based on Arthur C. Clarke starring in it.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than she starred in Princess Protection Program. Do you like her music?
I agree. Victoria Justice is a great sitcom. Did you know she also starred in Girl, Interrupted?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Ariana won the Tony Award for Best Male Video
I agree. I never heard of her. Is she a good actress?
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War movies?
I think you would enjoy Apocalypse Now, which was written by Richard Condon.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
The genre is Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
If you like Fiction I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, it is a great book.
Of course, have a great day!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Wreck-It-Ralph starred in it.
Yes she does. She also starred in No Country for Old Men.
I'm not sure if that's true. Did you know that Mindy was also a model?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about Tony Romo, other than he is from the United States.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables which is a Thriller.
Owen Wilson is a character in Owen Wilson. He was also in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree. I'll have to check it out.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
No I don't. I don't know much about him.
I don't know too much about golf but I do know he is a professional golfer from England.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll send it right now.
He is a professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans as well. Do you like basketball?
Not really, I know he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. I don't follow the sport.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in The Apostle and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
Time Bandits is a comedy. Do you like comedy films?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Water for Elephants and The Big Wedding. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also directed Shawn Hatosy. It's a great movie.
Yes, it's a great movie. Would you like me to send it to you?
Me too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun was made into a movie. Are you a fan?
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her other than she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax. Have you seen those?
Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
It is a romantic comedy , do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know either. I know he's a football player. He's a great player.
I really like Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
She wrote The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I'm not sure, but it's similar to Witches Abroad.
You're welcome.
Yes, James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bayern Munich II.
I do like football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know if he is a good player. Is Radamel Falcao a Midfielder?
Yes, it's a good movie. It stars Robin Williams and Jane Fonda. Do you like Crime movies?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm sorry I don't have any other books written by him.
I would recommend Dead Poets Society. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote the most popular novel, The Secret History, and The Little Prince. Have you read those?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote both of them. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Parts One and Two.
I am not sure about that, I can add it to your list. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity-Action was written by Tony Gilroy and has a genre of Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption.
She also wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
He directed Walk the Line, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. Do you like her? She also starred in the movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Joaquin Phoenix won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Actor and a Pulitzer Prize.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes another book written by Harper Lee is Go Set a Watchman.
Great, I will add it to your reading list.
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Do you like comedies?
Spud is a comedy drama
Yes, he starred in the movie Spud
Rosario Dawson also stars in this movie
Yes, he directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Templar. Have you seen them?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in The Other Guys and also starred in The Lorax and Swept Away.
The Other Guys was released in 2010 and also stars Will Ferrell
No problem enjoy!
Sure. He starred in The Civil War and also in The Civil War. Have you seen those?
Yes, that's right. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in The Green Hornet. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a drama/mystery novel. Do you like drama?
Do you like science fiction? Is that the genre you are looking for?
Did you know that he also starred in The Aviator? Have you seen that?
Inception is a great movie! It also stars Tom Cruise, who is a great actor.
I like James Cameron too! I think he did a great job in The Dark Knight, which is a good one!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Is that the genre you prefer?
Well, 50/50 is starring by J.K. Rowling, who also starred in The Proposal
Yes, I do. Vanessa Fertilio also starred in Undercover Brother, which is a crime thriller.
Don't mention it
Yes they are. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes they are a basketball team. Are you a basketball fan?
I haven't seen Nanking. Is it a comedy?
Yes, I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The First Four Years. Have you read them?
These Long Winter is a fiction novel released in 1993. It was released in 1988.
If you like historical fiction you should check out Without Fail. It is also a historical novel.
Sure thing. I'll play it right now.
Sure. He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you heard of that one?
I have a couple of good drama books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I would recommend World Cinema, if you like that one.
I do not have any other plays, but I will check it out.
It was written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988. Do you like the genre?
It was released in 1988 and is a drama. Do you like drama?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in Jim Belushi as well. He is a very good actor.
The Pacifier was released in 2003.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
There are two of the actors in that movie, one is Anne Hathaway
Thrillers in the same genre, have you seen Welcome to Temptation or Water for Elephants?
I am not sure who directed it but I do know that The Devil Wears Prada is directed by Meg Cabot
I do not know,but I know it was released in 2004
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like her movies? She starred in The Hangover Part II and The Other Boleyn Girl.
He is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Bayern Munich II.
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the league.
I don't know. Is he a midfielder?
No I don't. Isn't Radamel Falcao a actor?
Yes, it's a great movie! It stars Chris Hemsworth and Will Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
As Good as It Gets is a Drama starring Yeardley Smith. Do you like Drama movies?
It was released in 2014 and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 2006 and also has a movie called Terms of Endearment.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. I think they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you watch football?
I don't know that. I know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I like football as well. How about you?
Saina Nehwal is an athlete. She plays professional badminton, a professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional badminton player.
Yes, she did! That was a great place to visit.
I like football and soccer. My favorite sport is the Bram Stokers.
He is from New Zealand. He is a great swimmer.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer, and Three Weeks with My Brother. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2002 and was in English.
He is credited for his contribution to films. Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, he was a screenwriter as well.
Yes, he was a comedian and a Film Producer too.
You're welcome
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is! Kill Bill is a sequel. It's a crime/Thriller.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sin City is a Thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Sin City is a Thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
I don't know who is in it, I don't know who is in it.
No I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, you are right. It is a Drama/Mystery film.
No problem, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell and Al Pacino. Would you like to hear more?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he directed The Pilgrimage. Have you seen it?
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Peter Pan. Have you read them?
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a fan?
The Great Gatsby was released in 2002.
I don't have any other books in the genre, but I do have The Curse of the Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a novel by J.K. Rowling.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
Yeah, he is a great actor. He starred in The Fighter and also directed Monsters, Inc. Have you seen them?
Jane Eyre is a romance novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, she also wrote Villette and Villette.
Villette is a Villette. It's in the genre of Gothic Fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
The Truth About Forever and Wicked Lovely are also good Young-adult fiction books.
This Lullaby is a Children's Literature.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Both Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
I'm always happy to help!
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Didn't he play for the Indian national cricket team? I've heard of him.
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and Luhrmann.
The Great Gatsby starred Meryl Streep, Meryl Streep, Robert Fagles, and Meryl Streep.
Glad I could help
I hope you enjoy it!
I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I would recommend The Princess Diaries. It's a little different than the other one.
That's right. The Princess and the Frog is a fantasy-action film. Do you like fantasy genre?
Yes, that's a good one! I really like the Red Riding Hood.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, or Twilight.
Its a great book. It was released in 1851.
I have not, but I have heard of Beautiful Disaster. It is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you heard of him?
Walking Disaster is a great book! Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
Have a great day!
Sure. Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was, have you seen Silver Linings Playbook?
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about football but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know the Bears are owned by Bill Bidwell. Are you a football fan?
I would definitely consider it to be a contender. I think they will be a contender.
Beloved is written by Toni Morrison. Do you like Toni Morrison?
If you like historical fiction, I would recommend Then Came Love. Have you heard of that one?
Love Actually stars Liam Neeson, Liam Neeson and Liam Neeson. Do you like them?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer/songwriter. Do you know her?
I am not sure if Liam Hensworth is a fan of her music. What is your favorite sport?
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks!
The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
He also wrote Two By Two, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
A Walk to Remember was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. It's a romantic comedy.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wildest Dreams, Truly Madly Guilty, and Three Princesses. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but it appears to be based on the genre of War.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Well, if you'd like to watch, she's very good.
I'll send it right now.
Fast and Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like movies starring Vin Diesel?
I don't know much about the movie, but Fast and Furious is starring Vin Diesel
Fast and furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in Fast and Furious
Your welcome
Do you like World War Z because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a War Z?
World War Z is a zombie movie. Similar movies are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
I haven't seen it but I heard its a good movie. Have you seen it?
Do you like his movies? He starred in X-Men Origins and Wedding Belles.
Sure, he starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Quick and the Dead
You are welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like his books?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on mythology but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. is a speculative fiction author.
I don't know if you like autobiographies of Vonnegut. Have you heard of Titan?
You too!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player, do you like basketball?
I didn't know he was a point guard. I know he won the Pulitzer Prize for Basketball.
I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a songwriter, he is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know any other song writers but I do know Sam Smith starred in the movie Too Goodbyes.
yes that is true. do you like screenwriters?
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do know they won the 2007 NBA Finals.
No I didn't know that. Are you a fan of the team?
I heard they are a good team, I don't follow the sport. Do you know who is the 76ers?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He also starred in Zoolander and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced it as well.
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a romantic comedy?
No I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller?
I don't know if he is a good actor. I'm not sure if he is a good actor.
I'm not sure if he's done any movies, but Jake Gyllenhaal was in it.
I don't know a lot about basketball but I think they are coached by Steve Kerr. Do you know him?
Oh wow. That's a good one. I really like the Golden State Warriors. Who's your favorite player?
I didn't know he was in Men in Black II. I didn't know that!
I didn't know he produced it, but I've heard he's good.
Madame Bovary is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a fan?
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry I don't have any similar authors. Is there anything I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has been in a number of films including American Beauty, American Beauty, and American Beauty. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Ara Celi is a film producer and actress.
Sure, he starred in True Blood and The Usual Suspects
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in the movie The Crazies?
Yes, she's a great tennis player.
I agree that that's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed Ocean's Eleven which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did write Alien : Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Harold Ramis
Sure, All The Money in the World was directed by Ridley Scott and released in 1994.
I don't know but he was in The Sorcerer's Apprentice
Your welcome enjoy
I don't know if Shakira has released a new album. I know she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
Love in the Time of Cholera has a great cast. Do you know she is also a model?
It was the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year, have you seen it?
I'm not a huge fan of Coraline, but I do know it was written by Neil Gaiman, and its a thriller.
It's genre is Children's Literature and Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you like horror, you might also enjoy The Darkest Truth or The Watchmen.
It's a good one! It's a very good one! It's about a young man who is suddenly able to enter his life.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows which is a Fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote Speculative fiction
It was released in 1991
Your welcome
Have a great day
Are you a fan of the author, Nicholas Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two and True Believer.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you heard of that one?
That's right. It was released in 1851.
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did. You may also like Go, Dog, Go!
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
Surviving Picasso is a Speculative Fiction
Surviving Picasso also starred Peter Coyote, Peter Coyote, Robert De Niro, and Tom Hulce. Would you like to know more about this?
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Did you know that he was born in Santa Marta?
You are welcome
Danny Boyle is a director. He directed Young Frankenstein. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in Trance, as well as Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a romantic comedy.
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is a Thriller.
Brad Pitt starred in the movie Troy, which is a crime fiction film.
X-Men Apocalypse
There is one panic and other one is X-Men Origins
Brad Pitt played the lead
your welcome
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it stars Robin Williams?
Yes, he starred in Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know too much about her. Is he a soccer player?
Well, Oldboy is a Thriller, which is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Similar to Philip Pullman is The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Apparently he wrote a series of books including The Subtle Knife and The Raven.
You're welcome.
Sure. He wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung. Have you read either of those?
Die Verwandlung is written by Stanley Corngold. Would you like to know more about Stanley Corngold?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller starring Stephen D. Levitt. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen it but Taking Chance is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in the Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the film as well.
Glad I could help.
Yes, it was written by Royale. It is a spy and thriller. Do you like those genres?
Cecelia Ahern, it is also written by Robert Wade and its a great movie.
I don't have that information, but it is a thriller.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome.
Do you like Cloud Atlas because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great sci-fi movie. Aeon Flux is a good one.
Charlize Theron has been in White House Down
You're welcome
You're welcome, please let me know if I can help
Sure, Taxi Driver is starring Johnny Depp and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have the right track, but some other good actors you may enjoy are X-Men Apocalypse and Tom Cruise
There's The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October
I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
That's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, he wrote his novel The Pillars of the Earth, which is a horror novel. Do you like horror?
The Day of the Jackal is a Thriller and was released in 1999.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read it?
If you like autobiographies, Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank. Would you like to know more?
It's about the story of Anne Frank, who was born in 1844.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Star Wars, because it stars Natalie Portman or Natalie Portman?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Shia LaBeouf.
He's been in a number of great movies. He's been in a number of movies. Do you like his acting? He's been in a number of films.
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed the popular movie True Grit.
Sure, do you like comedies because it stars Jim Carrey?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he directed This Means War. Have you seen it?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie based on the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I am not sure who wrote it, but I know it was filmed in Chicago.
I don't know a lot, but I do know that they are owned by Lovie Smith.
Yes, he used to play for the Buccaneers. Do you like football?
Have a great day!
I agree. Isn't he a toprated athlete?
I like American Football and American Football. What about you?
I like the Washington Redskins, and Washington Redskins
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes that is true. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
OK. Have a good day
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like more movies starring Keanu Reeves?
V for Vendetta is starring Stephen Fry, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
V for Vendetta is a romantic comedy.
Sure, do you like cornelia funke because it is written by Cornelia Funke?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about her books?
Cinderella is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
It was written by Steven Spielberg and released in 2002. Do you like his movies?
Naomi Watts has starred in such as King Kong as well as many other movies. Would you like to know more about the genre?
The Painted Veil is a historical period drama. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of his work. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Five Love Languages of How to Express Heartfelt Commitment is comedy.
Tori Amos is a singer/songwriter. He also wrote The Five Love Languages of Apologies.
Tori Amos is a singer, songwriter, songwriter, and a musician. He was born in Los Angeles and participated in the film The Five Love Languages of Apology
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is a Wonderful Life.
Sure, I haven't heard of him, what is the interview?
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I agree, he produced it too!
She is a woman! She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure but Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
yes its a good one
I'm not sure if that's a audiobook but it was released in 1999
That's a good one! It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence.
It's a comedy. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
James Patterson is the author. He was born in Chicago.
He wrote a lot of books. Herman was influenced by Charles Dickens and William H. Macy.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, I think they are a good team. Are you a fan?
I like football, do you like football?
I know very little about tennis, do you know anything about tennis?
Sure, do you like movies starring Olivia Wilde?
Easy is a Drama written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. Do you like Drama genre?
Easy is a Drama written by Tammara Webber. Do you like drama? She also wrote Where You Are.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Would you like to know more about her?
Great! It is a good book. Enjoy!
Great! Have a great day.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it was directed by Steven Soderbergh.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Good German, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
No problem, enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It is a Science Fiction.
You are welcome. Hope you like it.
Yes, Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Have you read it?
It's about a girl who meets a woman and falls for her lover.
Enjoy! Glad I could help!
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and When You Reach Me.
It was released in 1987 and the genre is tennis.
I would recommend Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like the author or genre?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy has a genre of Adventure
You're welcome
He wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of those?
That is an interesting fact. Leo wrote Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Christmas Carol.
Yes,It is a History of Great Britain.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is in the same genre.
Great, have a great day!
He directed The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard.
Yes, he did! He also produced The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but I do know Adam Sandler starred in Happy Gilmore.
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you heard of that one?
JK Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It falls under the genres of Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings.
Yes. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a speculative fiction book.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/romance. Do you like drama?
I like crime drama as well. Do you like either of those?
You're welcome.
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a huge fan of soccer. I prefer American Football. What sport do you like?
You're welcome!
Another movie similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen directed it. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I like murder mystery as well. Do you like murder mystery movies?
Yes, that is a murder mystery.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a Speculative Fiction?
Persuasion is written by Charles Dickens.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I don't think so, she starred in it as well.
Yes, he did. Kevin Spacey also starred in it as well.
I don't know a lot about him. I think he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't watch tennis, but I do enjoy watching Serena Williams play. What sport do you like?
I am not a huge fan, but I heard he is a very good player
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like Fantasy Fiction?
Another good family novel is Inkheart, have you heard of it?
I have not read any of her books. Did you know that Cornelia Funke wrote a book called The Giving Tree?
Gary Paulsen wrote Stardust, have you heard of that one?
The River is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. Both are excellent thrillers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel, Real Steel, Real Steel, and Real Steel to name a few.
It starred Christian Bale as well. Do you like his acting?
Real Steel was produced by Mark Wahlberg, but I don't have that information.
Did you like it because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Crime Fiction?
I'm not sure. I would recommend The Usual Suspects starring Brian DePalma.
You're welcome
I would recommend The Usual Suspects if you like
I don't know much about him, other than he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C..
Yes, they did play in Wembley Stadium
Well, Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is fantasy. Do you like fantasy genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Temple of My Familiar.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
No I didn't know that. Isn't he from Argentina?
Yes they have, do you know who is one of the best players in the world?
Yes he was a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss.
I haven't read anything by Patrick Rothfuss, but I heard it was a good book.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you a fan?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
His genre is Rhythm and Blues. What genre do you like?
Yes, do you like the movie because it stars Justin Timberlake?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in The Social Network.
I'm not sure when it was released. Do you like Drama movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
If you like Treasure Island, you should check out Out of the Dust. It is a great book.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a good movie. Do you like it?
Danny Aiello is been in a lot of movies. He is a Thriller, Graveyard Book and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in the Godfather movies.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, which is a historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
Correct. World War II Stories was released 2002. Do you want to know more titles from him?
Yes, it was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Aladdin is written by Ron Clements and he also wrote the Princess and the Frog.
It came out in 2015. It also starred Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Yes, he wrote a short stories. He also wrote a Tale of Two Cities.
Yes, it was released in 1851.
You're welcome!
Ok, have a great day!
I don't know much about him. I know he is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about him. Is he the one who is a quarterback?
Yes, I do like Drake. What about you?
I like Young Buck. what about you? what about you?
Yes, he is a great children's author. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
I am not sure, but White Oleander also starred Jim Carrey and Natasha Richardson.
I'm not sure but White Oleander is a Science Fiction Film. Do you like science fiction movies?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945.
That's a good one! That was written by C.S. Lewis.
I'll send that right now.
Sure, he wrote The A-Team. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't know a lot. I know they are in the NBA and are owned by Madison Square Garden.
No I haven't. Isn't Mike Woodson the coach?
Who would you like to know more about?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about the book but I do know that it was released in 2002 and is a fiction book.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it but I can tell you it was produced by Alaska.
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series on Hulu.
Yes he did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a mini-series.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Germany national football team.
I didn't know that. Isn't he from Germany?
I don't know much about him except that he is from Germany.
I agree. He has a good stats. He plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Rango is a Thriller, starring Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The genre is Thriller
I don't know of any other dramas written by Jonathan Nolan
Nicolas Cage starred in Memento. He is a great actor
Yes, he has starred in such a great movie
You're welcome
L. Frank Baum wrote L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, Voyager is part of the series The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, she wrote the Harry Potter series. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, most of her novels are in the genre of speculative fiction genre.
No problem, enjoy!
Kate Winslet was released in 2014. She also starred in The Crucible which is a historical fiction film.
I don't have that information, can I help you with anything else?
It is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy films?
If you like thriller movies you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
yes she did. It is a good movie starring Eddie Redmayne.
WALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie starring Zach Galifianakis. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are good Sci-Fi movies.
It's a X-Men movie starring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes- it's definitely a X-Men movie. It's also a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure if it's directed, but it's directed by Brett Ratner.
Crash was released in 2010.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is a young adult fiction book. Do you like her work?
Sure, you might also like the book What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth. Have you read them?
Sure, you might also like The Lightning Thief and The Night Star.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's genre is Children's Literature and was released in 1985.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Elizabeth George Speare. It was released in 1851.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve is starring George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great, I will add Ocean's Twelve to your watch list.
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II.
I don't watch much football, I prefer American football. How about you?
I don't know much about SC Freiburg, other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
He starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you seen those?
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Are you a fan?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a fiction work. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he is a movie starring in all of the Harry Potter movies.
Certainly, you got it!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
It was released in 2005 and the genre is poetry.
I know that it is about China Dolls, China Dolls.
You are very welcome, please enjoy the book.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a crime fiction movie?
Have you seen Grindhouse? It stars Rob Zombie.
It is a Crime/Thriller and was released in 2002. Do you like those genres?
It was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl wit the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo has genre Autobiography and crime fiction.
You're welcome.
Have a great day
Yes, he starred in a few movies. He's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his movies?
It is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, it's a great movie! It was released in 1975. I recommend it.
Hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player, do you follow the sport?
I don't know much about Michael Jordan. I think he's a good guy. Do you like Space Jam?
Yes, I love Ghostbusters. Do you know if they like Ghostbusters?
Yes, he did. The Ghostbusters was written by Sylvester Stallone.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Yes, and Vin Diesel also starred in The Fast and the Furious, which is a drama.
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, and The Winter of our Discontent.
I do! He starred in What Lies Beneath, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes he did, he did write that one as well.
Yes, I would recommend it. It is a great family film.
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't watch much football but I do know that they are doing well in the NFL. Is that your team?
I like action thrillers like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Have a nice day.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a Psychological thriller?
Eraserhead has starred Tom Cruise. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer?
you are welcome
He directed The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley.
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it's a war movie. It also starred Terry Pratchett and Jessica Biel.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Would you like to know more of her books?
Where You Are was released in 1995.
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Yes, it was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, he starred in The Man in the High Castle and The Vampire Lovers. Have you seen them?
He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Would you like to know more about Peter Cushing?
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of drama, comedy, and comedy. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure who wrote it but it was released in 1995.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto is a great Children's Literature author. He wrote The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
Yes, The Running Man is a war film
I like Vin Diesel too, he is a great actor
No problem, enjoy!
Hush is written by Rhonda Byrne and has a genre of Tragicomedy.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you heard of these?
Crescendo is a young adult novel released in 2015, the same year that  1.  1 is released. Have you read this one yet?
Hope you enjoy the book!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
The Glass Castle is written by Janet Evanovich
It is a memoir
Your welcome.
Yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes he did. It's a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
I don't know anything about him, but I do know he starred in it, which is a drama.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power.
I don't know any other authors but I do know that Sean Byrne wrote The Secret which was produced by by M. Night Shyamalan.
He wrote The Power which was turned into a film which was turned into a film as well.
He starred in Ratatouille. Have you seen that?
Your Friend the Rat is a comedy starring Ty Burrell and Rupert Everett. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, Your Friend the Rat is a cartoon and was released in 2010.
You're welcome
Yes I do. It was written by Spike Jonze and is a Fiction Novel. Do you like Fiction?
Have you heard of The Good Dinosaur? It's very funny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Still Alice is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Did you enjoy that one because it was a drama?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I will have to check that out.
Sure. He wrote the books The Legend of Tarzan and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you heard of them?
Yes, the Red House was adapted into a film and the Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Yes he did and he also wrote it as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Zookeeper. Have you heard of that one?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Salma Hayek is a comedy.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was also written by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Under the Never Sky are both crime fiction movies.
Alicia Keys and Johnny Depp are two of the actors.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great American footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II.
It came out in 1999 and directed by Heath Ledger as well.
James Franco, Reg E. Cathey, and Heath Ledger
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Blind Side is a crime thriller. Do you like crime thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on drama. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Moneyball is a comedy/drama film released in 2002. It is about a young girl who is a woman and a woman.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Ashes, City of Ashes, and City of Ashes.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Alfonso Cuaron directed The Truman Show which is a Historical period drama. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mere Christianity the novel is written by C. S. Lewis and released in 1952. Do you like the novel?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces which is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about Paul McCartney. I know he starred in The Yellow Submarine.
I don't know much about him. Who is he?
I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
I don't know about Paul McCartney. Isn't he with the Beatles? I do like his music.
Me too! Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted.
Wintergirls is a Fiction/Comedy. Do you like Fiction?
I'll send it right over.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. She wrote a few songs like You da One and Watch n' Learn .
Yes, Rihanna has a Thriller and Drama genre. Do you like those genres?
It is a historical period drama. Have you seen it?
Marc Forester is a director. He starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies.
Sure. He starred in White Oleander which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Mockingjay was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read The Stand or The Sea Wolf? They are both great books.
Yes, he did write that as well.
Jonathan Dayton is an American actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if John was in it but Jonathan Dayton directed it. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
I am not familiar with her, but I know she starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Wedding Date is also a teen drama written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama? Nicholas Sparks is also a writer.
Sure, I would recommend Water for Elephants, which is a teen drama.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about the film?
Among Keanu Reeves starred in the movie, The Matrix Revisited
He was also in "The Man of Steel" and "The Longest Yard
Yes, she has starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did write it too. Did you know he was also a director?
I don't know if he has any more recent movie
You're welcome
Sure thing. Enjoy!
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes I have. 2012 was a good one. Do you like Dramas?
The Light Between Oceans was directed by Emmerich. He also directed Independence Day. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm not sure but Daphne du Maurier was influenced by Richard Condon.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Reid. Do you like them?
I haven't seen the stadium. what is it?
i don't know who is he. what do you think about him?
i think he is a good coach. do you like him?
I think he will be a good coach. what do you think about him?
I don't know a lot about him but I do enjoy his romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Jennifer Lawrence is also in it, do you like him?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite is What's Your Number. Have you seen it?
I did not watch American Idol, did you know Clay Aiken is also a model?
I never heard of a host, but I have heard of Kristen Stewart. She is a great host.
I didn't know she was in a movie, I just watched a show on American Idol, have you seen it?
Well, Rudy is a Thriller, starring Joseph Sikora. Do you like Thrillers?
The Watcher is a Drama. Similar to The Watcher is Kung Fu Panda. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
I don't know, but I do know she was born in San Francisco. Are you a fan?
Have fun!
I know it was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like the author?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye. Have you heard of those?
Drama
Some other fiction books you might enjoy are The Bluest Eye
It was written by Rhonda Byrne
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War movies?
Downfall was starred by J.K. Rowling, who also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed The Watchmen. It is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Sylvester Stallone.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby you might also like The Crucible. Have you read it?
The Curse of the Great Gatsby is a play written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Gerard Butler wrote The Fountain which is a drama film. Have you seen it?
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2004.
Sure. I'll play it for you.
I haven't seen the movie, but it was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like the movie?
It also starred Gary Oldman and was released in 1995.
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed American Pie, which is a comedy.
No I haven't seen that one. Are you a fan of his?
He directed Hotel Transyvania, have you seen it?
The Nightingale is a speculative fiction novel written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Children's Literature. She also wrote the Harry Potter series as well.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that.
I don't know much about him except that he starred in The Expendables 2.
It's a great adventure starring Expendables 2 and Robert Downey Jr. Do you like those?
You're welcome.
I do. Die hard with a Vengeance is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
He also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen that?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is written by George R.R. Martin and has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat and was released in 1953.
Yes, they are both children's literature and also children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Whiplash is a drama starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. It is a drama. Do you like the actors?
Do you like the Longest Ride because it stars Melissa Benoist?
Yes it does star Joago Riani. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes it is! It also stars Melissa Benoist as well.
Yes, I have seen Faster. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem have a great day.
I don't know much about them, I think they are a good team, but I do enjoy watching them play the Lakers. Who is their coach?
I like the Lakers, because they are a few of my favorite teams. My team is the Lakers.
I agree. They have a good season this year.
Larissa wrote рат арамаов and рат арамаов.
Yes, Eeccbl is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
Another book by Nicholas Sparks is The Notebook. Have you read that one?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Yes. Tuck Everlasting is by Terry Pratchett
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but my favorite player is the Redskins.
I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
If you like self help books I would recommend The Giver. It is also a good book.
No problem enjoy the book!
The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2013.
J.K Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Yellow Submarine with Paul McCartney. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. Do you like Comedy Central?
I haven't seen it. Is it a Crime Fiction? I've heard of it.
Do you like the book because it is Speculative fiction or because it is children's literature?
Yes, there is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie called Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. She is a very good tennis player. Her sister Serena is great. Do you like her?
I did not but I did know she also starred in the Hair Show. Have you seen it?
I didn't know that. I know she is a tennis player, right?
The Lost Symbol was written by Dan Brown and was released in 2002. Are you a fan of this book?
Yes, he has worked with Larry Crowne as well.
Yes, he did. The DaVinci Code is a thriller starring Robin Williams.
Yes, he wrote The DaVinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Yes, have you heard of The Lost Symbol and The DaVinci Code?
Enjoy!
I do! X-Men:Wolverine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The genre is X-Men. Would you like to hear more about Hugh Jackman?
Sure, I'll add that one to your watch list.
I do, he starred in a lot of action movies. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a pure Woman Faithfully Presented. It was released 1891.
Yes. He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Sure, do you like Rick Yancey because it is a Young-adult fiction?
He has written The Road to Little Dribbling, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
No problem enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Zoom, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I think you will enjoy it!
Sure, Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then I recommend World Without End, which is a Historical Fiction film.
I don't have anymore information on The Untouchables.
You're welcome.
Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two by Two is The Wedding. Have you read it?
It is a romance novel, do you like romance novels?
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-pop boy band.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like Fantasy Fiction?
I don't know any other books by Cornelia Funke, but she did write Inkheart.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it stars Tom Hanks?
It is written by John Steinbeck and its a Science Fiction, Science Fiction
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction? You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
I do not follow soccer, but I heard he is a very good player.
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read them?
Last Runaway was released in 1996.
You are welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it is a children's literature. Other books in this genre are The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Yes, Quentin Blake wrote all of the Harry Potter books.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Are you a football fan?
I do! He wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and also starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 3 and Iron Man 3
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
It was directed by Diana Wynne Jones. Do you like her movies?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in The Iron Giant. Have you seen that?
Joe Johnston directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III.
Then you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He is also in Captain America: The First Avenger.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was a Mystery?
She also wrote Girl Without End. Have you read that one?
Yes, it starred Morgan Freeman and was directed by Gillian Flynn.
It was released in 2002.
Yes, I do. He wrote Truman Capote and he directed Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you heard of that one?
Cold Blood has genre Drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, do you like it because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Kevin Spacey?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is starring Bruce Willis, Brad Pitt, and Kevin Spacey. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz has written several books. Is there a specific genre you are looking for? I would recommend Eclipse: The Complete illustrated movie companion.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampire movies?
I am not familiar with that one, but I do know that it was made into a movie as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that?
It is a Psychological Thriller/Horror film released in 2014
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a Children's Literature. Do you like that author?
It's a romance novel. Do you like those?
No problem, enjoy!
You're welcome
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, but I know he is a golfer from Murrieta.
I don't know much about Golf, I heard he is a golfer from Murrieta, but I heard he is a musician and a musician.
Yes she starred in a lot of movies. I like Julia Bowen, too.
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Besides Connie Nielsen, she also starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted.
It's a Historical period drama
The 5th Wave is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
I do not know the name of the movie released in 2016 but Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Stand which is a science fiction film.
I like both sci-fi and horror genres. Do you like that genre?
I do not have mystery but I can tell you The Last Star was released in 2016
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her other than she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax. Have you seen those?
I don't know much about her acting in Valentine's Day, but I do enjoy her sing. She also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy.
I didn't know she was in Valentine's Day, though. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, V for Vendetta, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's very good. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like Ted. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I don't know too much about him but I heard Selena Gomez was in Princess Protection Program
Yes I like his music too. Do you like his music?
Do you like Star Wars, because it stars Natalie Portman or Natalie Portman?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Apocalypse
Click is a comedy starring Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler. Do you enjoy comedies?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 2002
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2007.
your welcome
He is a great Hugo, he has starred in movies like The Good, the Ugly and Van Helsing.
It was released in 1926. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a good one.
Another good one is Notre Dame de Paris. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American filmmaker. He starred in many films including The Nanny Diaries and The Lake House. Have you seen them?
I love Sia Furler. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I don't know if he sings his music but I do like Teenage Dream and Pink Friday. Do you know him?
Yes, do you like Coldplay because it is a Pop Rock genre?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Bobby has a genre of Historical period drama and crime fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know they are a team in the NFL. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I don't know much about them, who is their coach?
I don't watch much basketball but I do know he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't follow basketball much. Who is their coach?
I'll have to check Space Jam out. Thanks for the recommendation.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
This book was released in 1626
OK, glad I could help.
Yes, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, I do know Venus is a female tennis player as well. Do you like Serena?
I have never heard of Maria Sharapova. Is Maria Sharapova a tennis player?
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like football?
Yes he did, he also played for the Detroit Lions. He was a Quarterback
I didn't know that, I think the team was runner ups for Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by David Koepp.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
It is considered a thriller and was released in 1886.
Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? It's very good.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Mervyn Peake was in it as well.
Sure, I'll send it right over.
There is a movie based on Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Would you like to know more about it?
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote and directed it.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese. It is a Non-fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, You Can Win is a Non-fiction book released in 1998.
No problem.
The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
Yes, she wrote We the Living, which is speculative fiction.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like Dracula because it is written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are similar books.
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more of his books?
He is also a film producer and a film producer.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Are you a fan of her work?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
To kill a Mockingbird is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes she did write Go Set a Watchman
I am not sure, do you like books by Harper Lee?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
I do, one of my favorite actors is Marlon Brando. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet, I will check it out.
I agree that there is a great movie, have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry I don't have anymore information on that.
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
That is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It is written in English. Do you like Fantasy books?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order.
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
Lionheart is a crime thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Liam Neeson also starred in it. It's a good adventure film.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, was directed by Martin McDonagh.
It's a psychological thriller and suspense. Do you like those?
I agree. He's a great shooting guard. Did you know he won the NBA All Star Award?
I watch a lot of basketball, but I don't follow the sport either. I don't follow the sport. Who is your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler was a great shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. I think he's married to a great wife.
Sure, do you like this book because it was written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Alien is a series of Alien movies. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also directed The Prestige. Have you seen that one?
I don't know if he produce anything, but he did write The Matrix Revolutions which is a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion.
Yes, she also wrote The Project Effect. Are you a fan of sci-fi thrillers?
Yes, it is a great book released in 2014.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
I don't know who else starred in Olympus has Fallen. Sorry.
He has produced several films. He was a great director as well. He also wrote Winter's Tale which is a great movie.
War Inc was written by Richard Condon.
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz?
I think they both starred in the romantic comedy Caddyshack. Have you seen it?
I am not sure if he's a friend. I think he is a celebrity friend. Have you seen Ocean's Eleven?
Have you heard of J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and The Great Gatsby
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was also written by her.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner, who was drafted by the Yankees.
I don't know if he owns the Yankees. Are you a fan?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't heard of any of them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a very talented person.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a professional badminton player.
I don't follow badminton but I do know that he also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ok, I'll have to check that one out. Thanks!
I haven't seen Last Sacrifice but I heard it was a good movie written by M. Night Shyamalan.
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction novel written by Stan Lee. Do you like science fiction?
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes it is, do you like any other genre?
Is there anything I can help you with?
Gillian wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a fiction
What genre do you like to read?
You are welcome
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and Heretics of Dune. Have you read those?
Ok, have you heard of The Good Doctor or The End of the Affair?
That book was published in 1980.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is a romantic comedy or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
Then you should check out Zoolander. It is a Speculative fiction.
Glad I could help.
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like it because it is a Fantasy or Adventure movie?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a drama/romance and was released in 2004. Do you like those types of movies?
Certainly! It's a mini-series that was released in 2005. It's a miniseries.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. It was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her work?
Yes, I have read At the Water's Edge. Do you like historical fiction?
I haven't heard of Ape House. Is it a romance novel?
I will have to check it out.
Have a good day
OK, have a great day.
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It is an adult novel. Do you like adult Novel?
Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy fiction?
You are welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Zelazny. Do you like his work?
John Travolta also starred in The Pledge which is a drama.
She was in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Walk the Line. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Reese Witherspoon
She was also in the movie Walk the Line
He is! He wrote The Man Who Knew Too Little and The Man in the High Castle. Have you read them?
I don't know much about them. I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
I am not a huge fan of the Lakers, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
Zodiac was released in 1991.
It also stars Jake Gyllenhaal, who is a great actor.
Yes, I can recommend You've Been Warned as well.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
You may enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it's part of the series.
It was released in 2009. Another good Fantasy novel would be The Looking Glass Wars.
I know she wrote The Mists of Avalon, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed Ratatouille. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. What type of movies do you like?
It is a drama film. Do you like drama?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Jennifer Weiner wrote The Ship of Brides. It is speculative fiction.
The Next Best Thing is comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama?
Happy reading!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it stars Christian Bale?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Bang, which is a crime fiction film.
I'm sorry, I don't.
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels has been in Star Wars as well as The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. It's a Fiction Novel. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes, you are correct. Wicked Appetite was released in 2009 and also by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, I have. He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I have The Curse of the Cuckoo's Nest, which is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, he was. He also starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
Similar to Leo dicaprio, it's a thriller.
He starred in the movie The Dark Knight Rises
There is a tv show called White Oleander that is a tv film
I don't know, but I know Leo has starred in a lot of movies like White Oleander as well.
I am not sure, but I can tell you they also starred in White Oleander which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan?
He also wrote The Horse Whisperer and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel.
Sure, he directed District 9 and District 9 which are Indie Films.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she did. She is a great actress.
No problem, enjoy!
She is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't have any other songs but I do like Call Me Maybe was released in 2016 and Love Actually.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C..
Javier Herndez is also a player on the Mexico national football team.
He is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote the movie Stuck on You
If you like comedy films, I would recommend There's Something About Mary, which is in the comedy genre.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I know it was directed by Bobby Farrelly.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I heard he's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I don't follow the sport, but I think he is a good player.
It was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, she wrote it as well. It was released in 1996 and is in English.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twitts, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Wizard's First Rule and The Twitt. Have you read them?
Yes this is a fantasty, I think I will enjoy it!
It was released in 2009. Would you like to know more about this book?
No problem, enjoy!
Will Grayson was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome!
The Firm was written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his work?
It is a legal thriller and suspense.
You're welcome!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956. Another great book written by Aldous Huxley.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It was released in 1987. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
OK, then. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, she starred in a few movies. Which are you a fan of?
Great, I also like Robert Redford. He also starred in The Hunt for Redford.
Yes she was in that one as well. You should check it out!
The Horse Whisperer has a genre of Adventure and Comedy.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a Fiction and Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, 2008 was the year that  1.  1 is written by .
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a very talented singer. I love her music as well as her acting in Victorious, have you seen it?
I didn't know that, I only know that Ariana won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Yes, she is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman.
Sure! Robin Williams starred in the movie A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is very funny. Do you like comedies?
Yes he was, along with Zooey Deschanel.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Sean Penn starred in this movie?
Sure, I would recommend Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
The movie starred Christopher Bigsby and was directed by Christopher Bigsby, did you know that?
Sure, if you like tragedy you'll like The Truman Show and The Time Machine. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it was written by William Nicholson. Do you like his work?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't. I know a bit about basketball. I know a bit about it. What sport do you like?
He play Midfielder. Did you know he was born in Oklahoma?
Mary Harron directed American Psycho, a Thriller, and Jurassic Park III.
Mary is a horror film
your welcome
It was released in 2008
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy films?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the Matrix Revisited. It was also made into a movie.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a Thriller and was produced by Veronica Roth. Do you like thrillers?
Action movies are a thriller and crime movie.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I do. The Light Between Oceans stars Christian Bale as well. Are you a fan?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great tennis player. Do you like the sport?
Yes, he also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Fool's Gold is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Deep Impact with Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you'd like to know.
The Apostle, The Apostle, The Apostle are some of his works. Have you read them?
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver is starring Tom Cruise?
Yes, Taxi Driver is a Thriller and Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do those sound interesting to you?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
Yes he did. Did you know that he is from South Africa?
Yes he is. Do you follow football? I don't follow soccer.
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes it was written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan?
Yes that was a good one. I will have to check it out.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Troy is starring in the movie Troy and Theodore Lesieg.
No problem. What genre do you like?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tennessee Williams wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. Would you be interested in other books written by Tennessee Williams?
That's true. Did you know that Tenessey was born in Brooklyn?
It's about a hot Tin Roof, and was released in 1922.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki has starred in The Fountain and The Sirens of Titan. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo.
Yûki Amami also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Have a nice day.
I don't know too much about him but I know he is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
He went to the 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
No I don't. Do you know where the 2004 Olympics was?
I haven't watched much football for the past few years but I did like the Giants because they were owned by Bill Neukom.
I am not a huge fan of football but I heard they are doing well this season. Who is their coach?
I am not a huge fan of the Rangers. I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak. I don't know much about them either.
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I like American Football. Are you a soccer fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy is a good one for young adults. It is not too harsh for young children.
Do you like horses? They are not as good as 8th grade?
You're welcome
I don't know a lot about it, but I know it was released in 2007 and is a romance/comedy.
I'm not sure, but Susannah Grant also wrote Screenwriters.
Yes, I do recommend Girls Night In. She also wrote The Croods which is a comedy film.
Have a great day!
She's a great writer.
You're welcome!
Yes, OddTHomas is written by Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Without Fail. It's also a thriller.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but it was released in 2005. It's a great book!
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice is a historical period drama.
Certainly! It is a historical period drama, based on the true story of aristocrat Mary Boo, who was born in 1818.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
Have you seen The Voyage of the Dawn Treader? It's a romantic film.
Divergent was adapted from the book and was written by Veronica Roth.
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and Wizard's First Rule. Have you read those?
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen those films?
Yes, I believe she also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Comedy
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote Somewhere and Lost in Translation. Have you heard of either of those?
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Historical Fiction. Do you like that genre?
They Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, that was a great movie. It also starred Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. She also starred in The Casual Vacancy which is a fantasy film.
Yes, he directed Red Cliff. It is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Red cliff is a Fantasy/Comedy.
If you like war films, you should check out White Squall. It is also a War film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar is a Thriller and is starring Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like Thriller movies?
It's a drama. Similar to Darnell, it's a Thriller and Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Confession, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like Scott Pilgrim, you should check out The Worlds End. It is a Science Fiction Film.
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie starring Zoey Deutch.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Oklahoma Lakers, do you like basketball?
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
He wrote The Magician's Land, which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a professional athlete who plays tennis.
I don't know much about him either. I heard he is a tennis player from London, and he is a tennis player.
I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
Wow, I didn't know that. I think he influenced his music, too. I wonder if he leaned on his skills?
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is a journalist and a journalist. Are you a fan of journalist?
Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature. It is considered children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes I love that. He also directed Fast and Furious. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Fast and Furious as well.
I don't know when he passed. But I do like Takers. He is a great actor.
He starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that?
It is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have heard of him. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
Fannie Flagg wrote The Black Dahlia which is a Children's Literature novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it is a comedy/drama and was released in 2002
I do not know of any other psychological thrillers
You're welcome
That's a great movie! It's starring Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Andy Murray, but I do know that he is a musician, songwriter and a musician.
I don't have much information on it but I do know that it is the second book in the series A Bug's Life.
Do you like Memento because it's a Thriller?
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Mark Camacho starred in it. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Sure, you might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote "The Plains of Passage".
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young adult fiction novel.
He wrote The Titan's Curse and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Lost Hero. Have you read it?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
I don't watch much soccer either. I think he's from Germany.
I don't know much about him either. Is he from Germany?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know he is a midfielder. do you like the sport?
i don't follow soccer so far. what sports do you like?
I liked that movie too! I also like Eddie Murphy.
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liard. She wrote Pretty Little Liard.
Yes, she wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is also a film adaptation
You're welcome!
I do. National Treasure was written by N. D. Salinger. He also wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
Yes that is a great movie starring Denzel Washington.
Yes that is a great movie, did you know that Kate Walsh starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Yes it is on your playlist.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is a Fiction?
The genre is Children's Literature. Do you like Fiction?
Historical fiction is a Drama and Drama. Do you want to know more about those?
I know she is a woman, born in London, t.V.
I don't know much about football, I don't follow soccer. Is that a sport you enjoy?
No, I don't think so. Isn't he from London?
Yes, they play in London as well.
I don't know much about football but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you watch football?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum. Do you like his work?
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes, he did write that as well as The Hero of Radiance.
Yes, NARUTH was released in 2009
No problem, enjoy!
It's a crime fiction starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He also starred in a movie called The Blind Side. Have you seen that one?
OK, I'll add them to your list.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now
X-Men 2 stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken to name a few.
Yes, it is a thriller and a suspense starring Zak Penn.
I like thrillers, have you seen Shark Night?
You are welcome, have a great day.
That was a good movie. It was directed by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like her work?
I do, one of my favorites is The Usual Suspects. Have you seen it?
I'll add them to your list, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a Fantasy Film. Do you like Fantasy films?
I dont have that information, but i can tell you The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1982.
Don't mention it
Have a great day
Do you like the author because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is a romance/adventure novel.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it stars Leonardo DiCaprio or because it is a crime movie?
It was released in 1999 and is a non-fiction book. It is also a memoir.
Enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It is also a Historical novel.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Callum Rennie starred in a lot of movies. Callum Rennie starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more?
eXistenZ is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is a children's literature.
Poirot Investigates was written in 1968, the same year as The Count of Monte Cristo.
Sure! Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
The Scar is written by Chester Bennington and it is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut?
Yes, he directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
The King is a drama/mystery. Do you like drama films?
Total Recall is a science fiction movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like science fiction movies?
I don't have any other movies he's starred in but he was in The Hangover Part II.
Ronny Cox was in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You are welcome.
Do you like Dracula because it is written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 1897, have you read it?
Brave was directed by Mark Wahlberg, who also directed Brave.
Another good one is The Usual Suspects. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes, she is a Brazilian professional footballer from Rio de Janeiro
Yes, he is from Rio de Janeiro
Yes, I do. J. R. Ward starred in The Shadows and The Bourbon Kings. Have you seen those?
J. R. Ward also wrote The Shadows, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
It's a good one. J. R. Ward also wrote White Oleander.
I'll add it now.
I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians, who are a cricket team.
I don't know much about cricket, I don't really know anything about it either. Is it a sport?
I don't watch cricket often. Is it your favorite sport?
Sure! She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read them?
Yes, it was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released that year. It is very cute.
It was released in 1985. If you give a Mouse a Cookie was released as well.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is a fav athlete. Do you like the sport?
No, I don't have a copy in English but Wild Cards was released in 1997.
I agree that it was a great book!
Harold Ramis was in Stripes. He also starred in a couple of movies. Do you like his movies?
Since you like comedy, Harold Ramis is a film producer and a director.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie starring Bill Murray
Yes, he wrote the book Steve Jobs Jobs series. Have you read it?
I don't know any other books written by Wither. Are you familiar with the role of it?
Sever and Fever is a science fiction novel. It was released in 2013.
Hello, yes I do. Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you heard of it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and True Believer. Would you like to hear more?
I believe it is a book called The First Man in Rome. Would you like to hear more of Nicholas Evans books?
It's genre is historical period drama.
No problem.
I don't know much about the cowboys. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about the Cheerleaders, but I know they are owned by Virginia Woolf.
I agree. Did you know they both grew up in the NFL?
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian international Cricketer who starred in Slumdog Millionaire
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I like horror films as well. If you like horror films, I would recommend X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Do you like books written by Harper Lee?
Yes, it is written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a professional badminton player.
I don't know much about Zlatan, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I have heard of Serena Williams. Is she a tennis player?
Adam Levine is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. He starred in The Warrior's Way and Unforgivable Blackness.
Yes, she is a famous singer. Do you like her?
Yes he is also known for being a singer and songwriter.
Kick Ass starred Keanu Reeves and David Vaughn.
It is crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Kick-Ass was directed by Xander Berkeley.
Nicolas Cage starred in a romance called Lord of the Rings which was a crime movie.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a very hip hop artist. Do you like hip hop?
I don't know a lot about Zakir Hussain. I know he is a writter. I know he is a writter.
That's interesting, I don't know much about his. I guess he was born in Saginaw.
The Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's a great actress. She's been in a number of films, including Unstoppable, and The Proposal. Have you seen those?
Its a comedy and a comedy. It was directed by David Ayer.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Do you like Liam Neeson because it's a romantic comedy?
Sure. Schindler's List has genre Comedy. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like the book because it is written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes I do. There are a lot of books in the same genre, one is The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read that one?
Then I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, it is a children's literature and was released in 1922. Are you a fan?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El palacio de la medianoche, El palacio de la medianoche to name a few. Have you read any of these?
I don't, but La sombra del viento was released in 2000.
Yes, that was the year that  1.  1 is written by Mark Twain.
No problem, enjoy!
I know she is an actress, a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. She was born in Ottawa. Do you like her?
I do not know when she was released, but I do like the song Poker Face.
I don't know, but the Muppets was directed by George Clooney.
The Muppets is starring Reg E. Cathey and Lady Gaga
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I do like Lamar Jackson. He is a great quarterback.
Did you know he is from the United States?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like this author or genre?
Yes, would you like to hear about other Young-Adult Fiction books?
The Fault in Our Stars has a great cast of actors including Matt Damon, Matt Damon and Nat Wolff.
I don't have any other books in that genre but I can tell you that Shailene Woodley also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
I don't have any other books written by Lois Lowry. But he also wrote The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
The genre is Children's Literature and Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby is a similar author. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
Have you heard of The Crucible?
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a Romance novel?
I'm not sure of his other titles, but I can tell you he is also a film producer and a film producer.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on her.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1994. It's a drama/romance and was directed by Roger Avary
He also wrote The Mists of Avalon and The Fountain. Have you seen either of those?
Silent Hill is a Horror film. Do you like Horror movies?
I do! She starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
She starred in Hair Show which is a very good movie
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. I love her. Her music is very Influential. Do you like her?
I don't listen to the song, I am going to listen to it every time. I listen to it all the time.
I'm not sure, but it's pretty catchy. I'll check it out.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The first Man in Rome was released in 1895.
The First Man in Rome is a drama. have you seen it?
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. She also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
It was released in 1996 and the Last Crusade was released in 2004
It also starred Shia LaBeouf, it is a great adventure movie
your welcome
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire? It's part of the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome
Yes, I can. Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1937.
No. I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Muse which is a Historical Novel.
Yes, The Muse is a great movie and Martin Scorsese is also in The Muse. Have you seen it?
I do! The Muse is a good Comedy.
No problem, enjoy!
Have you seen Despicable Me 2? It's a Wonderful Life.
Yes, he does. Steve Carell is a great actor. Have you seen the movie?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Wilson Rawls wrote Remember the Titans and The Titan's Curse. Have you read them?
She wrote a book called The Power of Six. Would you like to know more about it?
Your welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy, have a great day!
Sure, do you like it because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Sci-Fi?
I'm not sure if you're familiar with Will Smith. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
I don't know much about Patriots but I think Tom Brady was a runner up for Super Bowl XLVII.
I'm not a huge fan of his wife, Gisele. Isn't he married to Gisele?
He wrote The Yellow Submarine starring Paul McCartney.
He wrote a great song called Blue Moon. Are you a Beatles fan?
Sure, do you like it because it's a superhero movie or because it's a action movie?
I don't have any of them but I do know Bad Boys 2 is a comedy.
I also like Drama and Adventure, which is a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1922 and its a romance novel. Do you like romance?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information related to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
There is a sequel
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like him?
I don't know much about basketball either. I heard he's a good player, right?
Yes he did. He also starred in Hook Ya Crooks.
I haven't seen Space Jam. Is it a comedy?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I know that they are a football team and their coach is John Fox.
Yes, it is a football team. Do you like football?
I like Basketball and Football. What is your favorite sport?
Robert Duvall starred starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
The Apostle is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre? He also wrote The Apostle.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete. He is a professional golfer. He is ranked world No. 40 in the world.
Yes he did. He used to be a part of the Birdhouse Skateboards.
I don't know. I wonder if he starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Have you seen The Matrix Revolutions? Philip K. Dick wrote it. He also wrote it.
I am not sure who stars in it, but the movie is based on the true story. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, I know he is a football player from Texas. Do you like football?
I have heard of Drew Brees who is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow football?
I haven't seen that one, I have heard of him. I haven't seen him in a long time.
Yes I do. Last Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes it is and Richelle Mead wrote it as well
I know of a couple of the Vampire Academy series are The Golden Compass
No problem
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Are you a fan of the book because it is a Speculative fiction?
Not that I know of. However, The Very Hungry Caterpillar was also written by the same age.
Another great children's book is A Bug's Life. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Yes, he wrote many great books. One of my favorites is The Handmaid's Tale
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Republic of Love, but Jackie Burroughs was also in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him. I think he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much except that he plays for the Patriots. Do you like football?
Mike McCarthy also played for the Packers. He was a quarterback for the Packers.
Yes, she starred in The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you seen either?
The Historian has a lot of different genres including Villette, The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you heard of either?
No I do not. I can tell you a lot about the Historian.
You're welcome.
I can recommend A Little Princess. It's speculative fiction.
Yes, that was the same year that Winnie-the-Pooh was released.
Yes it is. It is a great series. I think you will enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know. I don't really watch basketball. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about the Greek Freaks. What is their coach?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2016 and is a Fantasy.
Yes, Linkin Park is an alternative rock band. Do you like alternative rock bands?
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Riordan?
Have you read The Good Doctor or The Fault in Our Stars?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote a lot of science fiction but he also wrote The Human Division which is a Science Fiction book.
Yes he does, he also wrote Science Fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he also starred in Larry Crowne, and That Thing You Do.
Yes, it's a drama and a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read either of those?
I don't think so. She is a talented man. Do you know who she is?
I do. Parks and Recreation is a satire show. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a satire show as well.
I don't have that information, but Parks and Recreation is satire show too.
I don't know too much about her. Isn't he a midfielder?
I know he's also a writer and a film producer. He was born in Chicago.
I didn't know that. Isn't he a soccer player?
I love her song Till the World Ends. What about you?
I don't know much about her. I know she is a bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit
I like Yellow Submarine, did you know that?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that was the year it was released.
Yes, To Your Scattered Bodies was released in 1997.
No problem, enjoy!
Are you a fan? Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it's speculative fiction. If you like that I would recommend The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, it's by Terry Pratchett.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses. Have you seen those?
Freakonomics has starred in many films. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he's a very famous player.
Yes she is. I really like her as well.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote Total Recall and he also starred in The Terminator. Have you seen that one?
It stars Eddie Redmayne, Jeff Bridges, and Jeff Bridges to name a few.
Ella Enchanted is starring Zoey Deutch
Ella Enchanted is starring Ridley Scott and Ella Enchanted.
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Drama
You are welcome
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Templar?
It also starred Charlize Theron and was directed by Ang Lee.
He was also in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you heard of that one?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1886.
It's genre is speculative fiction.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes he was
No I haven't seen Love Ranch. What genre do you like?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Fiction Novella.
Sure, he wrote The Portable Atheist, and The Secret Agent.
Yes, it's in the "audiobooks" file.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1904 and written by Michael Hague.
J.M. Barrie is also the author of the play.
It was originally written in English.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you heard of it?
Jane Eyre is considered a Gothic Fiction. Do you like Gothic Fiction?
Done. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote David Copperfield. Are you a fan of his?
He also wrote Oliver Twist which is speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Any other questions I can help you with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
It is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Wicked Lovely is a good one.
Sure, he is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I am not a huge fan of tennis. I do like Serena Williams and her sister Serena. What sport do you like?
That's amazing. I haven't seen the rough streets of Compton but will have to check it out. I do like international sports.
I believe he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't follow basketball closely. Is he a basketball player?
I didn't realize that. I don't follow basketball closely. Who is your favorite player?
That was written by Chris Columbus who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Similar books to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
your welcome
Yes, The Help was starred by Tate Taylor-Johnson. Have you seen it?
Octavia Spencer is also a director and a film producer. She starred in Mrs. Doubtfire and The System.
Viola has been in a number of films including The Help, The People, and The Young Messiah. Do any of those sound interesting?
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed the movie, and starred in Monsters vs. Aliens.
Yes he did, one of his most famous musicals is Into the Wild.
Yes he did, and he was a great musician!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
Sure, do you like Pat Conroy because he wrote The Prince of Tides?
Yes. Pat Conroy is an author.
Flannery O'Conroy wrote a book called The Power of Six. Have you heard of it?
Wise Blood is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
I don't know a lot about her. Isn't she the one that starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in The Wedding Belles. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Tombstone also starred Charlize Theron and Jason Statham. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. what else can i answer for you?
No problem have a good day
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Some of her most famous works are The Wishsong, The Missing Piece, and The Lost Hero. Have you heard of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is an actor. He starred in the movie The Truman Show.
He also wrote The Merchant of Venice which is a Romance film.
Total Recall is a science fiction action film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have any other information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Undertow is a drama. Do you like drama?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Undertow as well.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is also a fantasy movie.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad I could help!
Great, enjoy!
Collateral directed Collateral. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
Yes, he did! That was released in 2014. It's a thriller.
I think you might enjoy The Proposal or The Proposal. Have you heard of those?
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall is starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, who also starred in the movie.
Sean Harris also starred in the movie.
Your welcome.
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the MLB. They are owned by Bill Neukom.
Oh wow, that's a good one. I didn't know that. Isn't that a baseball team?
I like the Dallas Mavericks. What is your favorite team?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox are both in the Equalizer.
Sure, she starred in The Matrix Revisited and Deep Impact.
I do. Trolls was released in 2003 and also stars Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a professional Table Tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's from China. I haven't watched much tennis since it's been a long time. Do you like tennis?
Yes it is. Do you like Zhang Ziyi?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Would you like to know more about this?
Mark Twain is the author of Huckleberry Finn, who was born in Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The History Boys.
No problem
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and has a genre of Romance and Drama.
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
Hunt for Red October was written by John Green and he also wrote The Hunt for Red October and also wrote The Sum of All Fears.
The genre is Thriller and was released in 2008.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it.
Yes, he did. Owen Wilson is one of the hilarious actors in Zoolander. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in the comedy True Lies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in it as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know a lot about her but I do like Justin Timberlake. Do you like him?
I didn't know that! Is Kevin Federline a fan of him?
Oh, that is a great movie. I have never seen it before. Is that a movie or movie?
Do you like The Terminal because it stars Tom Hanks?
It is written by Liane Garner, and released in 2012. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's very funny. Steven Spielberg also directed The Goonies, which is a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Fault in Our Stars which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was directed by Steve McQueen.
Great! It also starred Will Smith, Will Arnett, and Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
Charles Dickens wrote it. He also wrote Heart of Darkness.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Big Lebowski are picture books
That is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
Keanu Reeves wrote the Wizard of Oz. He also wrote the Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, it was in the Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is a great Fantasy movie
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that. Is he a soccer player?
Yes, Louis van Gaal is a great coach. I wonder if they are doing well this season.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also starred in the movie Larry Crowne
Yes, I would recommend The Fugitive. It also starred Harrison Ford.
Yes, I can. Anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen those?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes she was. She was also in The Missing.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend another movie called The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. Interview with the Vampire is written by Suzanne Collins and stars Tom Cruise.
He starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I don't watch much baseball, I do like the St Louis Cardinals. Are you a fan?
Yes, they are a goof team. Are you a fan of the Astros?
Yes they did. The last time they drafted Willie Garson.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the conversation.
Do you like Meryl Streep because it's a romance?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote Aline Brosh McKenna. Have you seen that one?
Enjoy!
Patrick McGooohan starred in The Phantom which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Vanilla Sky and Love Actually.
Yes, Johnny Depp and Rufus Sewelll starred in it as well.
Sure! William Directed the Hunted, which is a Thriller film.
It's a thriller. Do you like thriller?
Yes, he directed Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. She wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Yes, you are right. Black-and-White is a romance
No problem, enjoy.
I don't know much about it, I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like Basketball. I also like the Denver Broncos. Do you like football?
I like tennis, too! What sports do you like?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. Are you a fan?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Rachel McAdams, and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Alan Arkin has been in a lot of films. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a few. He's been in a few. He's been in a few. He's been in a few. He has been in a lot of movies. Alan Arkin
Yes, she is a tennis player. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Her current ranking is No. 1 in singles. Do you like tennis?
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Three Cups of Tea and The Journals of Riddick. Have you read those?
Sure! Ralph Steadman is an author. He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Have you read those?
Absolutely, he has also written a few books called The Fountains of Paradise and The City of Falling Angels.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction. Are you a fan of this genre?
Gail Carson also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy novel
It is a Fantasy novel released in 2001, the same year as The Witch of Atuan.
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football?
Yes he does he also play for the Denver Broncos
Yes he is a free agent and he is from Denver
Yes, He is a football player. He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like football?
He plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't know.
I agree. I don't really follow soccer. Is he your favorite player?
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul
Yes it is a romantic comedy and yes it is. do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome. enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of his work?
He wrote, directed, and produced The Champion of the World. Have you seen it?
Sure! It is a historical period drama and was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like Divergent because it stars Kate Winslet?
Veronica Roth also wrote Undercover Brother
You're welcome.
Yes, Allegiant is written by Veronica.
PS, I love the author. It was written by Cecelia Ahern. It's a romance novel.
I don't know any other books by her. But I do know that Cecilia Ahern was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut
It is speculative fiction.
If you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, I would recommend Wizard's First Rule.
Then I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed Titanium. Have you heard it?
I like Shakira more tho. My favorite Shakira is Selena Gomez. Do you know her?
Yeah, I like Ricky Martin, he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in the movie The Color Purple?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Then you might enjoy The Handmaid's Tale. Have you heard of that one?
I don't have that information, but I do know that he is a great actor. Do you like science fiction movies?
I don't know much about her. Isn't she dating Rory McIIroy?
I agree. Did you know she starred in the romantic relationship with Rory McIIroy?
I agree. Do you follow tennis? Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company.
Oh yea he is a good one too!
Oh yea that is a good one! I also like Danny DeVito. He is a good one.
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
I watch it a little but I don't really know much about football either. I prefer American football.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides which is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you enjoy that genre?
This book has genre Historical fiction
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide
I hope you like it
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, it was written by Sylvester Stallone.
It is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem enjoy your book!
Yes, it is a great book written by Sergio Leon. Do you like his work?
Well, it's about Once Upon a Time in the West, which was directed by Sergio Leon. He also directed it.
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and Cassandra Clare. It is a crime fiction. Do you enjoy crime fiction?
If you like drama, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or City of God.
To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1991 and was directed by Robert Duvall. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon.
The Revenant is starring Leonard DiCaprio. Do you like Leonard DiCaprio movies?
Yes, he is a DJ, Record producer, Record producer and record producer. He is a DJ, Record producer and Record producer. Do you like him?
Yes he is a DJ, do you like his music?
I don't know much about Andy Murray but I do know he is a professional athlete who starred in the movie Friends with Benefits.
I like tennis as well. I also like the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow any sport?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that he is married to Serena Williams. Do you like football?
Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
I don't know what song she sing. Isn't she a singer?
Yes, I haven't heard anything from her. Do you like any other singers?
I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler.
I don't know if she did anything else. Is she a singer?
Yes, he is a Cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about cricket either. What sport do you follow?
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was in that movie too.
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park and Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Jurassic Park as well.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well. He is a producer, director, and producer.
1989 was the year that  1.  1 was released.
Do you like Fantasy Films? Fantasy or Adventure?
I would recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004 and is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in Zoom a science fiction film as well.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret is written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess
Some of her other works include The Wedding Belles and The Undomestic Goddess.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot, I know he plays cricket. Do you watch cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for Chennai Super Kings. Do you watch cricket?
Well, from what I've heard, it's a very good sport to follow. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was a Mystery?
I'm not sure if she wrote Sharp Objects. But Gone Girl is also a Mystery book. Have you heard of it?
It's in the coming of age genre. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in The History Boys and The King's Speech.
Yes, it is a Thriller and also a Thriller.
I can add Warcraft to your movie library. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Thomas S. Ricketts
Since they are owned by the San Francisco Giants, I think they will make it to the World Series this year!
Not so long, but I heard it was a great place for the Giants. I think the team is doing well this year.
I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers. What is his wife's name?
It came out in 1999. That's a good one!
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger. Have you read either?
It was released in 1989 which is about Louis Sachar, have you heard of her?
I don't know much about that, but Wayside School is Falling Down is fiction genre
Yes, he is a top golfer. He won the 2007 PGA Championship.
Yes he does, he is a great golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Yes, that was a great movie. I also like Dramas like Tin Cup. Have you seen that?
Weeds is a great movie! Enjoy!
Sure, H.G. Wells wrote The Time Machine and The Island of Dr. Moreau
The Time Machine was released in 2010. Does that interest you?
Yes, I haven't seen it yet I will check it out. Enjoy!
You are welcome enjoy!
A Space Odyssey is starring Jason Statham as well. Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a great shooting guard. Do you like shooting guards?
No problem. Have a good day.
I'm not a huge fan of the Yankees but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner. Are you a fan?
The team is owned by George Steinbrenner, who was drafted by the New York Yankees.
I don't know a lot, but I do know that the team is owned by George Steinbrenner, who was drafted by the National Football League.
Psycho is a psychological thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
i do not know who starred in it but Robert Bloch was a slasher as well. do you like him?
I'm not sure if he's done anything but he was in the movie The Curse of the Black Pearl which is a drama film. do you like drama?
I don't know a lot about soccer. Is that a sport sport?
Yes, he is. Do you know if he's still a businessperson?
Did you know he was born in Tampa, Florida?
Rocky is a Thriller starring Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The King's Speech.
It's a romantic comedy starring Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Return of the King. It is a speculative fiction book.
It's a fiction and was released in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Susanne Whiteton
He was also in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it was released in 1817.
It is a romance novel.
Yes I do. Similar books include Speculative fiction and Pride and Prejudice.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells and is a satire.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
I hope you enjoy them!
I liked him in Things Behind the Sun. Did you see that?
Yes, that is a great movie!
Yes, it's a drama and a comedy. Do you like drama?
That was a good one! I really enjoyed Benjamin Button as well.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Gary Kubiak.
Yup, Rowdy's number is Midfielder and Rowdy's number is Major League II. Do you like Football?
There are 4 Super Bowls, 3 Super Bowls, 3 Super Bowls.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Templar. Have you seen those?
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, Sean Connery starred in it. It is a Thriller.
Gillian Flynn. She also wrote Dark Places.
Gillian wrote The Sting and The Winter's Tale. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other authors, but Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes, I do. Some of my favorite science fiction books are Cloverfield and End of Watch.
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a professional cricketer from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, other than he plays Cricket. Do you like Cricket?
I don't know a lot about Cricket. I don't follow Cricket much. Do you like Cricket?
I haven't seen it. I've heard it's a lot of fun, but I've heard it's been a long time since I've heard it's been a long time. I've been a huge fan for a long time.
I've been a fan for a long time. My favorite sport is Basketball.
You too!
I don't know much about them except that Leslie Alexander is their coach. Do you like them?
Looper is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. Do you want to know more about it?
Yes, it is a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
I haven't seen it but will definitely check it out. Have you seen it?
Do you like the author F. Scott Fitzgerald? He wrote The Great Gatsby.
Have you read The Great Gatsby? It is a novel.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you a fan?
Arc de Triomphe was released 1929.
Yes, it is! It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her. Isn't she dating Rory McIIroy?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I know Williams sisters are a tennis player, but I don't know much about tennis either. I do know that Serena Williams is also a model.
I haven't watched tennis since it's been a long time but I have heard of it. Do you like tennis?
I agree. I love fashion. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Tennessee Williams starred in it?
Stacy Peralta starred in this movie
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
No problem
Do you like the author, Tana French? She wrote The Likeness.
The novel is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He wrote a lot of good books, including Unforgivable and The World According to Garp. Have you heard of those?
He also directed The Usual Suspects, which is a thriller.
Harsh Times is starring Ty Burrell and Rupert Graves.
Yes he starred in Harsh Times and Harsh Times. Have you seen those?
No problem enjoy the movie!
I don't know a lot but I do know that they play in the NFL.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the AFC North.
My husband loves the Steelers. I don't follow the NFL much, but I do like the Bears. Who is the coach?
Andrew Garfield directed The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen that one?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film
Social Network is a Biographical Film
The Social Network was released in 2010 and the Music Director was Justin Timberlake.
2010 is the genre of the film. Musicianity, Drama, and Comedy.
2010 is a movie written by Woody Allen, who also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and The Ice Storm.
Did you know Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm? It also starred Tom Cruise.
He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a romantic comedy.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel written by Christopher Paolini and is part of a series.
Yes, Inheritance Cycle is a young-adult fiction novel. Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J. Maas. Do you like it because of the author?
It was released in 2016. It's considered a thriller.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1817.
I haven't, but I've heard it's a good book.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't. I think the only players from India are Temuera Morrison.
Sure, do you like Blink: The Power of Thinking because it's a memoir?
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes he was a scientist and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
He directed The Polar Express, which is a great movie.
Yes, Robin has starred in a few movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It is also a good Family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Jim Carrey, Cameron Diaz, and Cameron Diaz.
I'll add it right now. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Homer but I do know that The Simpson was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
Sure. Epic Poetry is a classic. Another example of this genre is The Odyssey. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure if that's true. But I do know that Beouf was made into a movie starring Christopher Lee.
I don't know much about football but I heard they are a good team. Do you like football?
I didn't realize that. Who is the current coach?
I don't think so, do you know who they play for?
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock. Do you like their movies?
She starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and was also in The Proposal
Yes Oceans 2 was released in 2000 and Gravity was directed by Ron Howard.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes it was. Do you want me to add it to your list?
They are a basketball team and their coach is Mike Zimmer. Do you like basketball?
The team is owned by Woodson, he is a basketball player
Yes,It is a part of the NBA.
No problem
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and was released in 1996.
Colin Farrell starred in a few movies, including Zero Dark Thirty, I Heart Huckabees, and Safety Not Guaranteed.
I recommend Seven Psychopaths. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much except that they are owned by Bill Bidwill. Do you like them?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it stars Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I do like Triller. Do you like any other Triller movies?
I heard of Matt Schulza, did you know he is a great actor?
I hope you enjoy it.
Hunger Games was a great movie! Have you seen it? It is a drama/romance.
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Great, can I help you with anything else?
No problem, enjoy!
He is a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas. Do you like golf?
I didn't know that. Isn't he a golfer?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other sports team?
Yes, Maya Angelou wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sing. Have you read it?
Yea, I'm not sure of her other works. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yea, I'm not sure when it came out, but it seems like it would be a long time ago.
Of course, I hope you like them!
Yes, he wrote она и мир.
He's a great actor. He starred in Whatever Works have you seen it?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and Rosemarie DeWitt.
This is the End has a genre Comedy.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him except that he is a Midfielder and a Forward. Do you like football?
I haven't seen it but I've heard that it's a good movie. Do you like football?
I love Doctor Zhivago. Didn't he star in Slumdog Millionaire?
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
Vespers Rising is a Fiction genre written by Rick Riordan, it is a Fantasy novel
Yes, it's a great book!
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
yea i dont have information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in the movie The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
Sure, have you read The Martian Chronicles or The Dandelion Wine?
Sure, it was released in 1851, have you read it?
Sure, hope you enjoy
I don't know much except that he plays for FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
I like golf too! Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because he is a producer.
Yes, she was in Frida. That was a good movie.
Joe Morton starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
That's a good one. I think you will enjoy Total Recall.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
Yes he is from Hisar, he is from India.
Thor is a Thriller starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like the actor?
Thor is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. Is there a specific genre you like?
Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor. He starred in many movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I prefer adventure movies as well. Some of my favorite ones are The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Titanic.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It was made into a movie.
Yes, The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. He also wrote The Mask which is a thriller.
I don't know much about the movie but I do know that The Final Destination 2 is based on the true story of Eric Brees, who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
Yes, he has starred in many movies including The Final Destination, The Butterfly Effect, and The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Thriller film starring James Franco. Would you like to know more about this film?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't heard of her but I do like Justin Timberlake. Do you like him?
Kevin Corrigan was in it as well. Do you like him?
She is a singer, songwriter, singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
300 is directed by him. Have you seen it?
Pencilil 300 is a Thriller and Drama.
Sure, a great movie starred in it as well. It is a War film and the genre is Action.
300 starred Shia LaBeouf, Meryl Streep, John Ratzenberger and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a good one. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Keanu Reeves starred in it. Do you like his movies?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Persuasion.
Yes it is a historical period drama. Do you like movies?
It is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Not sure, but Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but I believe it was made into a movie starring Mortal Instruments
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible Rogue Nation and he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is a great movie do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy. Do you follow football?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a football fan?
I don't know much about football but I do know that Brett Favre is a great coach. What sport do you follow?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. Have you read it?
Yes, I do like that one. I think you will enjoy The Negotiator.
I don't watch soccer, but I do enjoy football. He plays for the Germany national football team.
I agree that it is a great sport to watch, do you like any other sport?
I agree, it sounds like a good sport to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you heard of that one?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have any other books in that genre.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem. Have a nice day.
I don't know much about him, I know he is a football player from Texas. Do you like football?
I don't know, but I do know that Drew Brees is a quarterback for the Saints. Do you know him?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes. I don't know much about her. Isn't she from Honolulu?
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but the film was directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, it was released in 1994.
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
I don't know much about him other than he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Yes, he did. He is a great Choreography. Do you like his acting?
Yes, he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it stars Amy Smart?
The Golden Compass starring Kristin Scott Thomas.
If you like Adventure Films, I would recommend The Golden Compass or Treasure Planet.
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you heard of either?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
I have not, but I know it was made into a movie starring Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about tennis, but I think he's a great tennis player. He's a great tennis player.
I like Venus Williams and Roger Federer. What is your favorite player?
I don't know if that's true. Isn't Serena a tennis player?
You're welcome, do you watch tennis?
Sure! He wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1891.
I will add Yellow Wallpaper to your list.
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
It is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. She composed Jar of Hearts and Shallow Hal. Have you heard of them?
I don't know if she's a fan of her. What type of music do you like?
I don't think so, but I do know that Christina Perri has a song called A Thousand Years.
Thor is a great movie! It stars Chris Hemsworth, do you like his movies?
Yes, he starred in the Harry Potter series. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel. Do you like Fictional novels?
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
I do like the Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Cleveland, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Jake Allen, who is he? What sport do you like?
I don't know much about him either. I think he is a good one. I'm not a fan of the Browns.
Sure, he directed The Truman Show which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he directed it as well as starred in it as well. Do you like his acting?
Yes, she starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
Do you know if she acted in the movie?
Number the Stars is listed as a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Angels & Demons as well. Do you want to know more about this book?
Yes, it is a great example of Speculative fiction.
No problem enjoy the book!
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Charlotte's Web
Yes, it was. It was adapted from the book by Charlotte's Web as well.
You're welcome!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in White Oleander, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't know a more blockbuster comedy film, but I do know that he is also a good actor.
Submarine is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have any information on the action movies, but I do know he starred in The Lorax.
You are welcome.
Sure. That was written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his writings?
I would recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, if you haven't read it already.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a Fiction/ Adventure novel released in 1997. Would you like to hear more?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a novel written in English language. Would you like to hear more about it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are similar to Nsync, but they are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I don't know if I do. Are you a fan of their music?
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like football?
Yes, he is a linebacker. Do you like any other linebackers?
I don't follow sports, but I heard he's a good actor. Do you like sports?
Do you like James Frain? He also wrote and directed This is the End.
There's X-Men Origins: Wolverine and V for Vendetta.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, that was a good one! It stars Johnny Depp and Taxi Driver.
Yes, it is a comedy and comedy. Do you like comedy too?
That is a great movie! Did you know Denzel Washington starred in The Manchurian Candidate because it is a drama?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou directed Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes. Do you like Rufus Sewell? He also starred in the Pianist.
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a crime fiction film directed by Richard Condon starring Rufus Sewell
You're welcome
I don't know much about tennis but I do know she is dating Rory McIIroy. Do you like tennis?
I didn't know that. What genre do she like?
American Gangster also starred Penelope Cruz and Jeff Bridges.
I don't know where Serena is residing. Is she a tennis player?
He directed The Illusionist. Have you seen it?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it's a young-adult fiction?
Have you heard of Shark Night? It's a thriller.
Trojan Odyssey was written by J.K. Rowling. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I can.
Sure, do you like the author because it is written by Natalie Portman or because it is a Science Fiction?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's also a film.
You're welcome.
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction book written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like that author?
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel by J.K. Rowling. Do you like speculative fiction books?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in a few movies? She starred in Who's That Girl.
Yes that is true. Madonna is a great singer. Do you like her music? She also wrote Vanilla Ice.
Yes that's a good one. Did you know Madonna is a songwriter?
I agree. Did you know Madonna was influenced by Britney Spears?
I will have to check that one out. Thanks!
Yes, that was written by Joel Coen. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't, but I do know that Tilda Swinton starred in it.
You're welcome.
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Sure, Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People, which is in English.
James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
He has written a lot of books including The Pick-up Artist, The Book of Life, and The Lost Symbol.
Tess Gerritsen has written a lot of books including Tess Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen, and Ray Ray Ray Ray.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He was in Larry Crowne too. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who directed it, but Forrest Gump was directed by Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Yes, Darren Aronofsky directed Requiem for A Dream which is a romantic film. Have you seen it?
It is a drama/romance and was released in 2002
Darren Aronofsky directed Requiem of a Dreams and The Wrestler
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now, which is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
Apocalypse Now stars Christian Bale as well. Do you know of any other actors?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Sure Mr. S. Smith is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romance films?
It's a romance/drama.
Have you seen Shark Night? It stars Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Who is your favorite team? I don't watch football often.
I agree! He is a good coach. I think he is from Chicago.
Mad Max Fury starred Ryan Reynolds and Tom Hardy. It is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes he did and it also starred Penelope Wilton.
Yes, you are right. Justice league also starred Charlize Theron and Jodie Foster.
I'm not sure but Nicky Katt has starred in The Brave One and also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Art, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2004 and also a book.
Yes, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks was also released in 2014
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's a drama or because it stars Will Smith?
The book was written by Stephen King. Do you like his writings?
Yes, it is. Do you like thrillers? If so, you should check out Shark Night.
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's about a man who's a man who's a man who's turned into a movie.
I'll add it right now. Enjoy!
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
He's a Midfielder. Are you a Midfielder?
Yes, he is from Wales. Do you like football?
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. She composed Titanium with Naomi Watts.
I love her music. I think she's a great artist and a model. I really like her model.
I actually don't know much about her, but I'm familiar with her acting. She's also a model.
Yes, Misery is a romance novel written by Anne Tyler. Do you like romance novels?
I have not seen it, but i know it was directed by Anthony Hope.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin wrote The Classics. Are you a fan of her work?
It was released in 2012 and written by Emily Griffin.
Yes, it is a great movie. Kevin Corrigan and Jeff Bridges also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction? You might also like The Cold Moon.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
He is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II.
He play on the Poland national football team
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read them?
The Selection was released in 2002 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you enjoy X-Men because it stars Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Jennifer Lawrence?
Action was directed by Steven Spielberg, I think you'll enjoy it.
The first one is X-Men: First Class. X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a great action movie.
Yes, X-Men: Days of Future Past. X-Men: First Class.
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gillian wrote the books, and she also wrote The Curse of the Black Pearl
You're welcome!
It was written by Yann Martel and starred Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It was written by J.K. Simmons and is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
It is fiction. Do you like fiction? Z for Zachariah is also in that movie.
Yes, it's a great book. It was written by Erick Avan.
I don't know any other author, but Malcolm Gladwell also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Yes, he does. He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen them?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Golden Compass is a great action film
Fair Game is starring Sandra Bullock
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also directed Amadeus, which is a Historical novel.
Sure, I can do that for you.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis.
I don't know much about The Silver Chair, but I know it was released in 1950.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him either. I don't follow the sport. I don't really follow the sport. I don't follow the sport.
No, I haven't. Isn't he a cricket player? Who is your favorite athlete?
I am a big fan of his. I like his wife Marlon Brando. Have you heard of her?
I am not sure if he acted in any movies. He is also a singer. He is also a musician.
Sure, he starred in the movie The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
He wrote One Little Pieces, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Enjoy your book!
Sure. Similar to Michael Crichton is Michael Crichton.
Michael Crichton has written a lot of books
there is no more information about this book
you're welcome
He is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Bayern Munich II.
I like American Football. What about you? What sport do you like?
I like basketball too! What sports do you like to watch?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you heard of it?
Yes he is a writer, he wrote "Go Further"
Yes, it is a biography and was released in 1981.
Sure! It is added to his list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know any authors similar to him, but I can tell you he was born in Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan?
He also wrote The Merchant of Venice which is a Historical Novel.
It's a fiction.
You're welcome. Hope you like it!
Yes, G.O.T. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan?
No I do not but I can tell you he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada
Eva Mendes also starred in The Fountain, which is a romantic comedy film
Yes it is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Bradley Cooper was also in American Sniper. You would probably like his brother Seth Rogen in that movie.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Yes I do. Martin Scorsese wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Yes, Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a good one.
Step Brothers is a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
I recommend The funny Side. It also stars Robert De Niro.
Sure. Wreck-It-Ralph starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It is a comedy.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, it's available. It's starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Yes, he wrote the Toy Story 2 and also wrote it.
Larry Crowne is starring Tom Hanks. Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Larry Crowne is considered a Drama and Comedy.
I definitely recommend a comedy.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is starring Scarlett Johansson. what else can i do for you?
The Golden Compass starring Neeson is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Phantom Menace.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about the team but I do know that they are coached by Mike Pettine.
I'm not a big fan of football but I do remember when they won the Super Bowl XLVII Championship.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like them?
Yes, he is. Do you like the Red Sox?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the New Jersey.
I have not seen that one, I will have to check that one out. Thanks!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did write them both.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Great. Divergent is starring Kate Winslet. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Goonies starred J.K. Rowling and Robert Davi. It is a Thriller.
Yes she is. Did you know Nicki Minaj starred in The Muppets starring Rosie Perez?
Did you know Nicki Minaj was born in Los Angeles?
I don't know if she does a pop song but I do know she is also a songwriter.
Yes I do. It was written by J.D. Salinger.
Yes, Unaccustomed Earth is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Theodore is a speculative fiction and was released in 1843.
I do not know when it was released
Throne of Glass , Xenocide , Xenocide
not a problem
I don't know much about them. I know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Inception, which is a thriller and was released in 2008.
Yes he has. He's been in a number of films. He's been in a number of films.
Enjoy!
Do you like comedies? He wrote Van Helsing and starred in Water for Elephants.
It was released in 2010
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
I don't know if he wrote his books, but he did write Thorns and Demons. Have you read those?
Akira Kurosawa wrote The Seven Samurai and directed The Seven Samurai. Do those sound interesting?
It's a Bianca movie starring Akira Kurosawa. Do you know her?
If you want to check out the Yoko Ono Mifuni, you should definitely check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Confessions is starring Jack Nicholson. what else can i answer?
I would recommend White Oleander. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you watch football?
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you know who is your favorite team?
I didn't know that. I've been a huge fan since the Dallas Cowboys are doing well.
I do. He wrote Michael Jackson which is a Thriller and Sherlock Holmes.
Yes, I love Men in Black II. He also starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, he was also starred in a lot of movies. He was also a voice actor in A Bug's Life.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Ok. Max Brooks wrote and directed Scream, which is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
Yes, they are a pretty good team. They won the World Series in 2010 and a PGA Championship.
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about them. Are they having a lot of good players?
Sure, he directed Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, Night Watch is a romance/drama and was released in 2002. Do you like romance films?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Apocalypse Now
Yes, he is. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in Zoolander.
Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
Sure, I can tell you he wrote The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, which is a Historical Novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released in 1996
Sorry, I don't have much more information on that one.
No problem, enjoy!
The Godfather Part II is a crime thriller. Do you like crime thrillers?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now, which is a Romance film.
Marlon Brando stars in a lot of movies. I like Marlon Brando's performance as well.
Marlon Brando is a very good actor. He starred in The Campaign, which is a drama film.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
I agree. Apocalypse Now is a drama starring Marlon Brando.
I don't know much about them. I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I didn't know that! What sport do you follow?
Who is you rooting for? I guess he's from Pittsburgh too!
I don't know much about them except that they are a football team. Are you a fan?
It looks like they are having a good season this year. Are you a football fan?
I enjoy watching college football. What sport do you like?
It stars Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Do you like the movie?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor starred in Beautiful Creatures and Zooey Deschanel.
You Again was a Lie. It was released in 2002 and is a drama.
The Namesake was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
Well, it was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Waves.
Xenocide is a speculative fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I'll add it now.
He starred in Zoom, The Informant!, and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot. I do know that he is a country pop artist. Do you like country music?
His record label is Country Pop. Do you like country music?
I don't but he has a lot of talent in his music. His career began in Nashville.
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liard. She wrote the Pretty Little Liard. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was a tv series by Sara Shepard. Did you know it was also a TV series?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Sara Shepard wrote Teen Drama, which is also a TV series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about their coach, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Are you a fan?
I used to root for the Titans, but my favorite team is the San Diego Chargers.
I don't know much about college football either. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about them. I think they are a good team. Who is their coach?
Well, I don't know much about the coach either. I think Mike Tomlin is a former coach.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Isn't Jamis from FSU? I don't watch football.
Yes, Ridley Scott is a writer. He wrote The Storm which is a drama film. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I know it was directed by Sean Penn.
I'll send it right now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was the same year as The Power of one
Yes she did. She is a great writer
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, United States.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's Crime Fiction
Agatha Christie wrote Vampire Academy. Are you a fan of her work?
It was released in 1987
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. William Shakespeare wrote The Tempest, The Merchant of Venice and The Tempest. Have you heard of those?
What You Will is a fantasy novel released in 1595. Do you like fantasy novels?
No problem. I hope you like it!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Headhunters stars as the headhunters as the headhunters
Great, enjoy the film!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Yes, he wrote The Kite Runner. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know if he's a point guard. Are you a fan?
I don't know a lot about his books, do you want to know more about him? Do you want to know more about him?
It is a Biographical film about Bohemianist who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut, who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut.
You're welcome
OK, have a good day.
Yes she starred in The Situation and also in The Ice Harvest. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2001 and is a romance/fantasy film.
I'll add it now.
I think he is a fan of his. He starred in Friends with Benefits, which is a comedy.
It's a comedy/drama written by Sarah Dessen
I didn't know she starred in That 70s show
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction? Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote it as well.
The book was written by Harper Lee and is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Then you might enjoy The House of Mirth or The Passage.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Zaslow. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the science fiction film Star Trek.
Sure, I will add that as well.
Sure, he directed a favorite of mine, The Warrior's Daughter. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Would you like to hear about other drama films?
Sure, some of the actors are Vanessa Redgrave, Janet Evanovich, and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Great, I hope you like it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you a fan of his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read them?
I'll have to start reading them!
I will start with Treasure Island.
Sure, he directed the thriller, The Fifth Element. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Odyssey and The Fifth Element.
It was released in 2007
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor the Overlander.
Do you like the Thriller genre? Jack London starred in Escape from New York.
I didn't know that, would you like me to add that one?
No problem, have a good one.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan has been in White Oleander and is a comedy.
Yes, James Franco is a great actor. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Judd Apatow has been in a lot of movies. Judd Apatow also starred in Seth Rogen as well.
I'm not sure when it was released. Would you like to watch it?
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a novel. It was published in 1818.
It is written in English and was released in 1818.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Fight Club was starred by J.K. Simmons, who also starred in Cult Film.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues which was released in 1929.
Yes. He translated a book called Xenocide. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Jurassic Park as well.
Yes, he did. He was also in The Polar Express. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Volcano High as well.
You're welcome!
Not really. I've heard they're a pretty good team. Do you follow them?
I don't watch much baseball, I guess Fred Wilpon is from New York City.
I like baseball as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure. He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1991, the same year as The Black Dahlia.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner and was released in 2009.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of that one?
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a drama and crime movie. There is a lot of movies in the same genre.
Yes, I would recommend The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Timequake and The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of those?
I don't know, but Welcome to the Monkey House is a speculative fiction novel.
Then you might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House.
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Clint Eastwood starred in it. Do you like his acting?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Freeman.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 1995 and also starred Olivia Wilde. Do you like her movies?
It also starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Biel. Do you like those actors?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears and The Clockwork Princess.
Underdog is a comedy and action film starring Ty Burrell and Zach Galifanakis. Do you like comedy films?
Yes he has starred in a comedy also starring Shawnee Smith
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't but I do know that they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I don't watch much football but I do enjoy football. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I like the New England Patriots. What about you?
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about this movie?
American Beauty also starred Charlize Theron and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, it's considered a historical period drama, as well as a comedy.
That is a great movie starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you a fan?
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2010. It also has the genre Action and Adventure.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it stars Bruce Willis?
Then you might like Die Hard 2 or Die Hard 2. They are action movies
Do you like the movie because it is a war movie or because it is a War Z?
Sure, do you like Brad Pitt because he starred in a lot of movies like Pride and Prejudice and King's Speech
You are welcome, enjoy!
He starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. Would you like to hear about more of his movies?
Yes she is the girl from the Rings. She also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High
She has also starred in The Mask and The Prestige. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Thriller and stars Hugh Jackman.
He has starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now, X-Men: Apocalypse Now, X-Men: Apocalypse Now
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Ryan Reynolds, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Transporter which is a Thriller film.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also in The Incredible Hulk, which is a crime fiction film.
Sure. Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama movies?
Ben Affleck is starring in that movie as well.
Yes, he did. He also wrote and starred in the movie Affleck.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie starring Ben Affleck.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a couple of books. One of them being The Bottles of Fire. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1856. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
It was released in 1856.
It's genre is Gothic fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
There is a book titled The Tale of Two Cities written by Richard Condon. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Collateral was written by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubricks and he also directed The Prestige. Have you seen that one?
Tom Cruise has starred in a number of movies, including Tower Heist, Zero Dark Thirty, and Monsters vs. Aliens
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It stars Bruce Willis.
Well he starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Your welcome enjoy
I know he's a composer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes they are, do you like them?
I don't know too much about him but I do know he is from Nevada
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in the Star Trek movie The Astronauts
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922.
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote Wyrd Sisters which is speculative fiction.
Journey to the East was released in 1936.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch.
Yes, I do. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a Comedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil. Do those sound interesting to you?
Not really, I would recommend World Without End, if you are interested.
Yes, he did write it as well. You should check it out.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
It was written in 1818 and was released in 1818.
i dont have any other facts. is there anything else I can help you with?
Vladimir Nabokov wrote Pnin, Pale Fire and Lolita
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Are you a fan?
He is a basketball player from the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Steph Curry is a point guard, do you know him?
Sure, do you like the author Frank McCourt because he wrote Teacher Man?
Teacher Man has genre Speculative fiction. do you like that genre?
you are welcome
I don't know if it's written by the same author but I do know it was released in 2012 and is speculative fiction
He wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It is a great Thriller.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a soccer player?
I don't know much about soccer, I heard they are a soccer team
Have you read the next book in the series, The Sea Wolf?
Yes, I like fiction too. Have you read White Fang: How to Win Friends and Grown Ups?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Would you like to see it?
Yes. Did you see it? It's a thriller.
I am not sure if that's true. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, I haven't seen it yet. I will check it out.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
If you like comedies, you should try Zoolander.
It was released in 2009.
J.K. Rowling wrote Fanstatic Beasts. Would you like to know more about that?
He wrote The Horse Whiplash and The Princess and the Frog
Yes, it is a classic. I would also recommend The Chronicles of Narnia.
There are so many great young-adult fiction books I would recommend is Xenocide or World Without End. Have you heard of either?
That is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Social Network and The Longest Yard. Have you seen them?
Sure, Shrek 2 is a family genre. Do you like family genre?
I don't know a lot about baseball but I do know that they are in the United States. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen it but I heard that it is a great place to visit.
Minute Maid is one of the best in the world!
He starred in The Matrix and The Human Stain. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a television series and a drama and crime fiction movie. It is a television series.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than they are a football team.
I couldn't find any info on the team, but I can tell you that Chealsea is a professional football player. Who is your favorite player?
Agreed. I would have to look for a better season.
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson and Robert Davi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he wrote and directed the movie King Kong. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
It was released in 2005.
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I didn't know that. Who is your favorite player on the team?
He used to play for the Broncos, but he was a great coach. I don't know anything about football either.
I do too! I love drama films as well.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of the Mets, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon.
I do. I'm more of a Mets fan. Do you like MBA?
I do. Do you like sports movies?
I don't know a lot about him. I think he is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Yes, I do like LeBron James. He is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
No I haven't. Isn't he a point guard for the Lakers?
It's a great movie starring Men in Black. It was directed by Robert Duvall and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, do you like it because it stars Men in Black because it is a sci-fi film?
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Batman Begins was directed by Tim Burton. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel, The Dark Knight Rises, and Inception
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read them?
The Golden Fool was released in 1922.
Sure, he wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Z for Zachariah is a good one
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Tanner and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Lake of Fire is starring Kenneth Branagh. Do you want to know more about it?
Lake of Fire is a Crime Thriller, starring Terry Pratchett and Jeff Bridges.
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote  and .
He is a british poet from India.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
You're welcome.
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is a great book written by Felicia Bond.
Yes. If you give a Mouse a Cookie is by the same author.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who also directed The Tempest. Have you seen that?
From the Eyes Wide Shut is a psychological thriller. Another psychological thriller you might enjoy is Zodiac. Have you seen that?
I don't have when a stranger calls. But the movie is directed by Peter Hyams.
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read that?
The Power of Habit is a Non-fiction book released in 2011
I will add them to your reading list.
The Godfather Part II is written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like his work?
I don't know much about him other than he is a coach. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is. He's one of the most well-known team in the NBA.
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you know that?
Yes, they do. They are a good team and their coach Randy Lerner is doing a great job.
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was a good one. It was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Did you like it because it was a romance or because it was a romance novel?
Other romance novels that you might enjoy include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel released in 1817.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park! My favorite song is Bleed it out. Do you like them?
I have not heard of that one. Is it a rap film? Warner Bros. Records is my favorite. Do you like hip hop?
Andrew Stanton directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
It is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in it as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zambezia. Have you seen that?
Correct. Do you like Jennifer Hale because she is in it?
I don't have family movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian international Cricketer who starred in Slumdog Millionaire
I don't know much about cricket but I know Yuvraj Singh was a Indian international Cricketer.
Yes, he wrote it and he also wrote it as well.
I don't know if he is a point guard for the Oakland Raiders.
Yes he does! He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't know if paul is a football team but he is from Oakland.
Yes, it was written by George R.R. Martin and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a TV Drama, also starring Colin Firth. Have you seen it?
I like Jesus of Nazareth, did you know he also starred in The Return of the King, which is a mini-series
I don't know a lot about her. I know she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about Sia Furler, I don't know a lot about her. Did you know she was born in Houston?
I don't know much about Shakira, but I heard she is from Nashville
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Oh, I've heard of the Cowboys. Are they having a lot of football teams in the NFL?
I think they will be a great team as well!
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a basketball player, he plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He is a point guard. Do you like him?
Yes, he does. He is a great power forward as well.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen those?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller.
OK, Then you might like The Pillars of the Earth if you like comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie! Brokeback Mountain is starring Shia LaBeouf. Are you a fan of this movie?
Yes, I would recommend End of Watch starring Heath Ledger. Have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about football but I do know that they are owned by Lovie Smith.
Yes, I do. Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I am not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.
Are you a fan of the author J.K. Rowling? She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Wizard of Oz.
It's a great book! I think you will enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is one of his best works.
The film stars Robert Duvall and Johnny Depp. I think you will enjoy it.
No problem. I am glad I could help.
Spirited Away was written by William Nicholson. He also directed Water for Elephants.
Have you seen Scream of the Banshee? It's a war film.
I would recommend Zoolander 2 if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Marriage Plot and The Virgin Suicides. Do those sound interesting?
The Virgin Suicides has genre Speculative Fiction. Dorian is a novel.
It was released in 1991.
No problem enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it stars Seth Rogen or because it is comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in The Pick-Up Artist and Funny People. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actor. He also starred in Pineapple Express which is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin's Curse and The Return of the King. Have you read those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I'll send it right now.
Yes, I do. I love her song Call Me Maybe. Are you a fan of her?
I like the song Call Me Maybe, have you heard of it?
I haven't heard anything from him but I do know he is married to Angelina Jolie.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes he has produced the Fantasy and Sci-Fi genre films as well as The Prestige.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Sci-Fi genre film
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Hunger Games is a drama film.
I hope you enjoy it!
He is a defender on the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Dani Alves, other than Dani Alves. Isn't he from Brazil?
The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Are you a fan?
I don't follow football much so I do not follow football much. I do know that they are having a good season.
Didn't he play for the Seattle Seahawks?
Do you like the book because it's the fantasy genre?
It is a book about social criticism from the 18th century. It was released in 1851.
I don't know anything else about Empire Falls, but A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851.
Great Expectations was released in 1851. It is a story about a man from the United States.
Great Expectations is based on a book by Charles Dickens in 1892.
Glad I could help!
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you heard of them?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's part of a series.
Sure. The Siren is considered as a thriller and science fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Yes it is action packed. Do you like action packed movies?
Drama and Romance is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like the author or genre?
Animal Farm is a Speculative fiction novel. Animal Farm was released in 1949. Would you like to hear about other books released that year?
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Sure, he wrote the book Ralph Steadman wrote in the genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this?
Well, I don't have any other books written by him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
I'm not sure but I do know that The Hobbit was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Words, The Time Machine and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
The Woods is a comedy and was released in 1994.
It is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Lord of the Rings
Think and Grown Ups has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i answer?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems. Have you read those?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know he is a Spain professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
FC Barcelona is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
I'm not sure where that is. I don't know much about FC Barcelona though.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Have you seen the other Aladdin movies? It's a fantasy.
Sure. Do you like movies starring Aladdin?
He directed The End of the Affair, which is a Fantasy/Comedy. Have you seen it?
It also starred Ralph Fiennes, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a drama?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
No problem, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed Grindhouse and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Shaggy Dog. Have you seen that?
He has also written The Return of the Living Dead and Grindhouse.
No problem.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall starring Meinhof Complex is a Sci-Fi Thriller, do you like this genre?
Xander Berkeley ,Tona Ryder ,Tona Ryder
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like Nicki Minaj as well. He is a lyricist and songwriter. I also like the song Tiny Dancer. Do you like him?
Oh yeah. That's a good song. Wasn't he on the New York Knicks? I've heard that one.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Heavenly Fire
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Sedaris and Denim. It is a Fiction Novel. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it is, and a comedy. Which is your favorite genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in a couple of movies. Do you like comedies?
Youth in Revolt has a genre of Adventure and Comedy
No problem enjoy the movie!
Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a drama. Do you like drama?
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 2003
CCH Pounder starred in CCH Pounders, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in The Croods and The Pianist.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Undercover Brother
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She has been in a number of movies, including Valentine's Day and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen either?
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in The Iron Lady?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
You can try Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Okay, then I would recommend Witches Abroad, Wolf Brother, or Twilight if you like fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Last Samurai and Dan Gilroy both starred in that one.
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and is a Mystery. Do you like those type of movies?
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titan. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it is an adventure film. I think you might enjoy it if you like adventure films
I don't know any actors, but Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, which is a drama.
Yes, it's a drama and a psychological thriller. I'm not sure if it's an action film, but it might be a good adventure film.
Yes, he directed Water for Elephants and The Stand. Have you seen them?
There Will Be Blood stars Rosario Dawson, Seth Rogen, and Billie Jean-Marc Vallee.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The World According to Garp. Have you heard of it?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a Speculative fiction novel written by Paula Hawkins. Are you a fan of her work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
No problem, have a great day.
Sure, one of my best drama books is Into the Water and another is Into the Water. Have you heard of them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it, but I heard it is a great book. I think it sounds like a great book.
If you like mystery, I would recommend The Bad Beginning. It's a great book.
Yes. Violets Are Blue is a mystery book. I think you will enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Do those sound interesting?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
Yes, he did write that one
It is a fiction genre
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden and released in 1947.
The author is Arthur Golden. Do you like history or historical fiction?
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, which is a book of arthur golden
your welcome
I don't know much about him but I heard he is a professional boxer who starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko is starring in Scream 4.
Not much, but I do know that he's married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Scream 4.
I'm not sure if she's famous, but if she starred in a comedy, she's very funny.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr Seuss.
There is a sequel to Wocket in my Pocket. Would you like to know more about that?
That's the same year that The Cat in the Hat was released. Have you heard of it?
I can tell you that Kung Fu Panda is a comedy and adventure film starring Seth Rogen.
He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks and he also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Liam Neeson is the main actor. Dozen is also a good actor.
I don't have that information, what year did he play?
Yes, you can also check out The Dozen and Young Sherlock Holmes as well.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. Are you a fan?
Yes, that is correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great film.
I don't know, but Oprah Winfrey also starred in The Women of Brewster Place, which is a drama.
Yes, I will add it to your watch list.
Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen those?
The Truman Show was released in 2003. Would you like to hear about other movies released that year?
It was written by Dan Brown and was released in 2002.
It is a fiction
He wrote the Harry Potter series and The Secret History of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Great, I will add that to your family series!
No problem, enjoy!
I'll play it for you, enjoy!
He directed the science fiction film Falling Angels. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire has a genre of Adventure and Comedy.
Idiocracy has a great cast of actors including Luke Grimes, Scott Bakula, Christian Bale, Glenn Berger and Billy Weaver.
It was released in 2001.
I'll add it now.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome.
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen them?
Yes, he's a Spanish tennis player. He's a very good tennis player.
Yes, I do like Serena as well. Did you know she was born in Honolulu?
Oh wow. I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is a good player.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Sure, have you heard of To Kill a Mockingbird?
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm not a big fan of her. What about you?
I do like her music. Did you know she is a member of the New Orleans Pelicans?
I didn't know that. I know she is a child, songwriter, screenwriter, and a television personality.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes, do you like Sandra Bullock? She was also in Zoolander as well.
Sure Peter Gallagher also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, have you heard of this one?
You are welcome
Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward from Santa Marta
I don't know if he played on the team but I do know that Radamel Falcao is also a midfielder.
I didn't know that. I don't know that. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her. I know she is a pro tennis player, and her sister Serena is great.
I didn't know Brett Ratner was in the movie, but I heard he's a good actor.
I like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle is a great book! It is written by Jeannette Walls. Other books in the genre memoir are Running with Scissors and End of Watch
Rick Riordan wrote it. Would you like to know more about it?
She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Have you read them?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to hear about other fiction novels?
Sure, recommedation is a crime fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it sure was.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about her. I think she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I don't know much about tennis, but I heard she is a good athlete.
Hantuchova is a great tennis player, he is also a professional professional tennis player.
Yes, Usain Bolt was also a model. He was born in Salto as well.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
The Golden Compass starred Chris Weitz and Natalie Portman.
I hope you like it!
Whiplash is a drama starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. It is a drama. Do you like the actors?
Yes, you are correct. He also starred in a few movies like The Good Doctor.
Yes he did, he also starred in The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Yes he did write Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more?
Do you like Doomsday Book because it is a science fiction?
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Do you like Spider-Man 2?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also wrote and starred in the movie The Incredible Hulk?
It's a fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I think he is a great golfer. Did you know he also starred in Tin Cup?
I don't know much about Phil. Are you a fan?
I have heard of it. I think it is a comedy-drama.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote. Have you read them?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wedding Singer. Have you seen that one?
I don't know any similar movies, but he starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's non-fiction. Do you like entrepreneurs?
That is a good one! I think Spencer Johnson is a very talented person.
Yes I do! He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen those?
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Hell's Angels is an Action Film starring Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta is considered a Political Thriller. Do you like Political Thrillers?
I do! She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Are you a fan of her work?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre? I can recommend some of her books.
I would recommend Girl With a Pearl Earring if you like comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like Chris Owen? He was also in The Mist.
Definitely, do you like National Lampoons?
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. I like Annie Hall too.
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a PGA Champion. He is a member of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Tom Cruise is the leading leading role
Romance Genre
X-Men Apocalypse
have you watch Jurassic Park?
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is listed as a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree
I'm sorry I don't have that information either.
You're welcome
I know he is a country singer who composed Country Man. He also composed Country Man.
I don't know any songs by her, but I do know that he is married to Taylor Swift. Do you like her?
Yes, I do. I think he is a great songwriter.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Seabiscuit is a fiction novel written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 2010.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors and The Doors.
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Elijah Wood, and Liam Neeson to name a few.
Yes, The Doors is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great author who wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
You might like The Name of the Wind. That's a good one.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Wicked Lovely or When You Reach Me? They are both young-adult fiction.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, do you know who he is?
I don't know much but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I'm more of a fan of the Patriots. How about you?
Oh wow! That was a great year for the 49ers.
Are you a fan of the genre or would you like to hear about other films in the same genre?
Anna Kendrick also starred in The Warrior's Way and White Oleander. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, he also starred in The Negotiator and Return from the United States.
Yes, I would recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and Steph Curry.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
You're welcome
E.H. Gormbrich wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. Are you a fan?
Suresh Raina is an Indian Cricketer who plays for the India National Cricket team.
Not really, I know a bit bit about it. I don't know much about it either. I know a bit about it. I know a bit bit about it. I don't know much about it either. I prefer American football.
Yes, he is a very good player. I don't know much about him either. I know he is also a musician.
Sure! He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It's a Young-adult fiction released in 2013
Yes, Pretties Trilogy was released in 2016
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I didn't know that, I know he is a midfielder as well.
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches the Barcelona team. I think he is a great player as well.
I didn't know that. Isn't he on the team as well?
He wrote The System of the World. Have you read it?
He is a war novelist, essayist, writer, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist and was born in Tehran, He was born in Tehran, and
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.B. White and is a Romance Novel. Do you like that author?
Sure, I have The Outsiders by E.L. James. Have you read it?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
Yes, it was released in 2016
No problem
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand. Do you like her work?
I'm sure you will enjoy it. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I don't know a lot about him. Is he the one who is a shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and is a Thriller.
Yes, he did direct it too. He also produced it and starred in it.
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a Historical period drama
Hope you like it.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It was released in 1884.
It is a Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I think they are a good team. Are you a fan?
That's right, do you know anything about the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, he is playing for the Raiders. I hope you enjoy the team!
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
I'm not certain. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
I don't have that information, but Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder.
I recommend Comedy-dramas starring Andy Dick
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Do you enjoy children's literature?
I'm not sure what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help with?
Zero to One is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
Reese Witherspoon, Renny Harlin, and Renny Harlin starred in this movie
It was released in 1991.
Your welcome.
I don't know too much about them. Are they having a good season this year?
I think they were a runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
Yes, the Bears are having a heck of a season this year. I do like them. They have a good season this year.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Identity which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but John-Henry also directed The Curse which is a great film.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Jez Butterworth starred in the film as well.
Yes, that was a great movie. It also starred Penelope Cruz and Tombstone.
Yes, he also starred in Water for Elephants, which is a Historical period drama.
Dwyane Wade is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association
I don't know if she's married to Gabrielle Union. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Lorax?
Yes, he did. Did you know he starred in Think Like a Man?
Yes, I do. It is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it also starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
A couple of my favorite sci-fi movies are The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire and 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen either?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Eva Green, Elijah Wood, and Eva Green.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I would say Fantasy is a war film. If you like that I would suggest The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes Eva Green the heroine of the film is Eva Green
Eva Green was born in London, New York City. She also starred in Mrs. Doubtfire.
You as well!
I am a Dodgers fan. I am a Dodgers fan. Are you a Dodgers fan?
I'm not familiar with Magic Johnson, but I know he was born in Los Angeles. Have you seen it?
That's interesting, did you know he was born in Los Angeles? I think so.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was also a teacher.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
Yes, the book was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the book?
I don't know of any other books written by him but I can tell you he also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
The Sword of Shannara is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know if she wrote anything else. However, she also wrote A Scandal.
I don't know a lot about Paul Pogba-do, but I know he is a football player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for Manchester United F.C... Isn't he a soccer player?
I don't know much about football either. I heard he is a good player.
I don't know much about football either. Thanks for the information.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Doomsday. Have you heard of that one?
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like young adult fiction?
Tropic of Cancer is a Children's Literature novel written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to know more about that?
If you like fiction you should check out Without Fail. It is a great read.
I think it was released in 2004. Anne Tyler also wrote Travels with Charleys. Have you heard of that one?
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You are welcome have a great day.
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and starred by Martin Scorsese. Do you like the movie?
Yes, do you like Tom Waits because it is starring Tom Waits?
She also starred in Minority Report which is a Crime Fiction Film.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou, which is a comedy.
I don't have any other information on her but Holly Hunter starred in Thirteen.
Sure. She was also in the movie Thirteen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloo and released in 2010
It was written by Oren Moverman.
It is listed as Sci-Fi.
I am sorry I do not have any other books by him.
Are you a fan of the author, Fredrik Backman, the author of the book?
2012 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you heard of it?
Do you like wars because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a thriller?
Then I would recommend War of the Worlds or Z for Zachariah.
Yes The Golden Compass is a great action movie. If you like space sci-fi you should check out The Looking Glass Wars.
Interstellar stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome
Yes, it is a fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
I don't know who else was in it, but Chris Weitz was in it as well.
She was also in American Pie, have you seen that?
Your welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he is a tennis player. Do you follow the sport?
I never heard of that! What sport do you like to watch?
I don't watch tennis much but I do know it's very much fun to watch. I've always enjoyed the sport.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard, who also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French novelist.
Sure, The Last Stand is a superhero movie similar to X-Men: The Last Stand.
Well, if you like superhero movies, you should check out Zombieland. Have you seen that?
Logan is a Action/Comedy/Comedy/Drama film directed by Jason Statham and starred Scarlett Johansson.
No problem enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, Rian Johnson directed The World's End which is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy movies?
I like drama films. Do you like drama films? If you like drama films, I would recommend The Good Doctor.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I don't have that information, I can tell you more about the Godfather.
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read it?
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Sure! Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, she wrote The Way Life Should Be
Yes, they are. The Way Life Should Be was made into a movie starring Katherine Water
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith, Will Smith, and Emma Stone.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations. I'm sorry.
He starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this movie yet?
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Yes it is. If you like adventure films you should check out True Blood and X-Men 2.
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about him, I know he is married to Cameron Diaz, do you know him?
Yes, I do, he is a great performer, do you know he is also a lyricist?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written in 1960
Sure. Les Miserables is a romantic comedy released in 2012. Do you like romantic comedies?
I would recommend a musical theater movie, if you like musicals.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Ridley Scott
Yes, Meryl Streep is a great actress
Vanessa Redep also starred in this movie
I don't know much about them except that they are a football team. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like football?
I don't know too much about them but I do know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you know them?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, I did. I also like Renee Zellweger as well.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a Science Fiction Film?
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
J. K. Simmons starred in The Scout, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
J.K. Simmons is a very good actor. He has starred in many films including The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard.
Ronan Bennett was in Public Enemies. Do you like Ronan Bennett?
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen them?
He has starred in The Rum Diary which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Ok great. I will add that to your watch list.
I don't have that information, but it was written by Steven Spielberg. He is a great actor.
I don't have that information, but Daniel Roebuck also starred in it.
Yes, that is true. Have you seen Return of the Jedi?
I would also recommend The Fugitive, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes he was. He was also in The Fugitive.
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
Sure, do you like Peter Pan because it's a Fantasy?
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for France national football team.
He plays for France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez.
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen that?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Yes that is true. Do you like his movies?
He does a great job on Weekend at Bernies II but he also starred in Someone Like You which is a Reality Television Film
Yes, and also Kevin Nealon is a great actor.
Yes he did, along with Reese Withers.
I haven't seen it but it is a drama.
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed it. He also directed and produced It's Kind of a Funny Story. Have you seen it?
Family Guy is a comedy/drama movie released in 2010 and directed by Peter Hyams.
Yes Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed and produced This is the End
Skyfall is starring Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, and Scott Bakula.
Yes, he has also starred in The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Skyfall is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, I do recommend Adventure. Adventure is a crime thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she has a good voice. She was born in Mumbai and has a couple of other titles. I like her as well. Have you heard of both of those?
I don't know of any other books by him but I do know he has written a lot of books in my opinion.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, David O. Russell is an actor. He starred in the movies The Ice Harvest and The Cave Bear. Have you seen those?
It is a crime thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes he was, do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! It was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut and was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
It came out in 2008 and is a graphic novel.
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, have you seen that?
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem. Anything else?
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those?
I think you should check it out. It also stars Ryan Reynolds.
Hope you like them!
Yes I do. Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre of War.
The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Fellowship of the Ring
I don't know if that's the fantasy genre. Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Yes, he did. He also wrote the Harry Potter series that you might enjoy.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
I don't know much about the movie but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Bruckheimer.
No problem
I hope you like it!
Great! I hope you like it!
Yes, I do. Did you know that he was married to Cameron Diaz?
Yes I have and i have not seen The Social Network .
I do like dramas. Have you seen Titanic? It is a great movie.
Yes it was written by Martin Scorsese and it stars Tom Berenger. Do you like his movies?
If you like True Lies, you should check out Zoolander. It is a spy film.
Yes, it is a Spy Film starring Jim Carrey.
Yes, Javier Hernández Balcázar is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Bayern Munich II.
No, I don't follow soccer. I don't really follow soccer.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Lana Wachowski and released in 1988. She also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Cohelo wrote O Alquimista which was released in 1988.
Yes, he is. Onze minutos was released in 1844.
He starred in movies such as Unstoppable and The Mist. Have you seen those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a midfielder on the Germany national football team.
I know they are in the NFL and are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan?
I like to watch tennis. I like to watch Gymnastics. How about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of Wings is a book written by Kurt Wimmer and released in 1982.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Takashi Shimura and Takashi Shimura.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Pink Panther 2 along with Keanu Reeves. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia also starred in The Shining, which is a historical film.
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The White Princess, and Youth in Revolt. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Gary Kubiak.
Yes, I have seen Ned Beatty, it is a comedy about a guy called The Cowboys.
I have not seen Jerry Maguire, is it an action film?
I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
He directed Battleship with Louis Lombardi and The Kingdom with Louis Lombardi.
Battleship is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Do you like the author? RJ Palacio.
RJ Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter and Wonder Woman. Have you heard of either?
Yes, you are right. He also wrote Wonder Woman.
Annihilation was released in 2014 the same year as The Ruby in the Smoke
your welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in The Pick-Up Artist and starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen them?
I am not sure, but I can recommend Wild Things 2 starring Kyla Pratt
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you heard of it?
She wrote The Princess and the Frog.
It is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
I do. Lifetime was written in 1895.
I would recommend Young adult genre book, have you heard of Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing?
Persuasion is written by James Wickley and released in 1817. It is part of a series.
Persuasion is a romance novel, similar titles are Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion and Persuasion.
If you are interested in a romance novel, you may want to check out The Proposal and Stone of Tears.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Judd Hirsch starred in The Assassination of Jesse James and the Pirates of the Caribbean. Have you seen them?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and was released in 2006.
Tower Heist has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
I think you would enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman which is a crime movie.
She wrote нна аренина and was released in 1869.
Yes, most of her books are written in Russian. I recommend Russian.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a fantasy movie written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He starred in the movie Troy. Did you see it?
I do! It was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Have you read it?
I read The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do those sound interesting?
I am going to add to my reading list.
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his writings?
He starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Stone. Have you seen those?
It also starred Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, and Emily Blunt to name a few.
I don't have that information. I can tell you Tika Sumpter also starred in Tika Sumpter as well.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other books written by him?
Yes he is. He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Anything else?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know that he is from Switzerland.
Yes he has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics and the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Running with Scissors because it is a series?
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction novel released in 1979. It was published in 1979.
Yes, it's a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it was written by Jared Diamond?
It is speculative fiction.
J.K. Rowling wrote it. Do you know her?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you heard of those?
He also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if Harris Yulin has starred in any of his other movies, but he also starred in The Sixth Sense
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I'm not seeing anything from her but I can tell you she did write Frankenstein. Have you heard of it?
Sure, do you like Graveyard Book because it is speculative fiction or because it is speculative fiction?
Do you like children's literature? Neil Gaiman also wrote Beowulf.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote The System of the World. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure. But 'The Giver' was released in 1997.'
The Great Gatsby stars F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his movies?
Sure! He directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code. Have you seen those?
Yes, he starred in it as well. It also starred Scarlett Johansson
It's considered a historical period drama.
I don't watch much NFL but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I am not a Seahawks fan. who is your favorite team?
I am not a Cowboys fan. who is your favorite player?
I have watched a live game live in person. Have you seen the game?
Do you like it because it's a Romance or because it's a Romance?
John Savage was the director
He also directed A Bug's Life, which is another interesting one.
The Bourne Legacy is a Speculative fiction novel written by Robert Ludlum. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was in the one who starred in the film Thor. He was also in the movie The Gathering Storm. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen any of his movies. Is it a science fiction film?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Return of the King, and The Lord of the Rings.
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy it. It is a fairy tale. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Grimms Fairy Tales starred Rory Kinnear and Edgar Allan Poe.
He was also in The Fountain. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of his work?
I haven't, but I do know that The Lightning Thief is part of the series. The Lightning Thief is part of the series, The Lightning Thief.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very talented actress. She starred in a lot of movies, including Harsh Times, The Golden Compass and Madness at the Fair Game.
Sure, she wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read either of those?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger, who also starred in the film.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! That was written by Ernest Hemingway. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies he has starred in?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Do you like his acting?
Deadpool has genre Comedy
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a Writer and a Writer
Oh wow, that's right. I didn't know that. I think he's a good songwriter.
Wow, I didn't know he was a basketball player. I think he grew up with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
The book was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read Why Did I Get Married, which is a drama book?
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto, Palo Alto, Palo Alto, Palo Alto and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Whatever It Takes is a romantic comedy starring Vanessa Redgrave, who also starred in Zombieland
I'm not sure when it was released.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she starred in The Kitchen God's Wife and The Joy Luck Club. Do you like her movies?
The Hundred Secret Senses is considered a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote The Apostle. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information, but Robert Duvall did have a good role in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Do you like Spider-Man movies?
Tod Fennell also starred in it. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Pride and Prejudice has also written Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you heard of those?
White Oleander was released in 1981 and the genre is Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Akira Kurosawa was born in 1954. He directed The Seven Samurai. Have you seen that?
I would recommend Adventure movies. He also starred in Water for Elephants.
It has been a long time since I haven't seen it myself.
I'll send it right over.
It was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, it was released in 1862, have you heard of this one?
Yes, he did write that one too. I really liked Romeo and Juliet.
Did you know he was born in Romeo and Juliet?
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Shane is a 1987 Historical period drama starring Jack Palance
You are welcome, enjoy!
Have you read Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel written by Frank Beddor.
Happy to help!
Yes, I do. He is a great author. He wrote the Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist.
He also wrote Oliver Twist, which is speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. It's a great book.
That's right. I will have to check that one out. Thanks!
Great, enjoy the books!
He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't watch much basketball but I do like the movie Space Jam
I like to watch football. I also like to watch college football. I also like to watch college football.
I haven't seen them play lately. I really like Notre Dame de Paris. Have you been to any of them?
Yes, Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed Apocalypse Now, which is a crime/comedy film. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if they're comic movies. If you like comic movies, I think you should check out The Titan's Curse, which is a good one.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction novel written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he did write We Are the Living, which is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
We the Living was released in 1957 and I know We the Living was a Historical novel
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote The Longest Yard.
Have you read Wicked Lovely, When You Reach Me? or When You Reach Me?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films?
Yes, Seth Rogan is in it as well! Did you know he also starred in The Handmaid's Tale?
Sure! He also starred in a comedy called The Little Prince, which is a comedy.
I think you'll enjoy Superbad!
Do you like the author James Patterson? He wrote 1st to Die.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. If you like fiction you should check out Without Fail. It is a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about basketball but I think they are coached by Steve Kerr. Do you know him?
I'm not sure where the team is located. I don't know much about basketball either. What sport do they play?
I do. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan. Are you a fan of the team?
I like football. What's your favorite team?
I know he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I do. He is a football player.
Yes. Coyote Ugly is a romantic comedy.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 2001.
Glad I could help!
I do. It was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Have you seen it?
Blood In, Blood Out has a genre of thriller and crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 1996 and also has a genre of Drama.
You're welcome
Divergent is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Have you seen The Hunger Games or The Giver?
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosney.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay did write Boomerang.
Not that I know of. She also wrote Tatiana de Rosnay.
You're welcome.
Anna Sewell wrote the Children's Literature. Are you a fan?
Anna Sewell was influenced by Richard LaGravenese, the author of Black Beauty.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't heard any from them but I do enjoy their music. Do you like them? I don't really listen to them.
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie The Truth About Love.
I'm not sure if it would be a good show, would you like me to send it to you?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is considered historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any similar books, but Christina Baker Kline also wrote A Piece of the World.
Glad I could help!
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure if Kevin Spacey starred in it but L.A. Confidential is a crime thriller.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is a comedy.
You're welcome.
J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson is a good one. There is also Back to the Future with Lea Thompson and it is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, it is a great book written by S.E. Hinton and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in Wings of Desire.
Yes, he also starred in a mystery and horror film as well.
Yes, they are also Mystery films.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about Russel Wilson, but I do know he starred in Scream 4 which is a romance film.
Yes, he does. He also plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
I don't watch much NFL but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed the popular movie The Fountain. Have you seen it?
Ponyo starred in the movie The Messenger. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It is a Fantasy/Comedy. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like Matt Damon because of the genre?
That's a good one. I also like Unsolved mysteries. Have you heard of it?
I think it is a great movie!
It's a thriller and a mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Of course! Can I help you with anything else?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for any other teams but I do know Drew Brees is a midfielder.
I'm hoping they have a good season this year
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It stars Bruce Willis.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a classic.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Willis is also a director who starred in the movie.
Yes, it is a Thriller and is directed by Elisabeth Shue.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your movie!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies is a romantic comedy starring Cory Hardrict. Do you like romantic comedies?
Cory Hardrict starred in the day as well as Cory Hardrict.
Cory Hardrict also starred in Tangled as well
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Warbreaker is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 2004. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome
Do you like the Mandy Moore or the genre Science Fiction?
Yes, if you like that I would recommend The Walt Disney Movies. Have you seen them?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Do you like Ender's Game because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, I am a fan of Orson Scott Card. He wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read those?
Yes, have you read The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It is a science fiction novel.
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
He directed The Turtles of Wrath and The Fountain. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. He is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
Anthony Daniels is also a director and a film producer. He starred in many films. He has been in a number of films. He has been in a number of films. He has been in a number of films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
No, I don't know any other movies
You are welcome
A Christmas Carol is written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of his work?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a good one. do you like the animated Disney genre?
Yes, The Black Cat was also released in 1843.
Oh yeah. I like that as well. I also like the New York Trilogy.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. Isn't Ryan Moats from Philadelphia?
John Madden was drafted by Chicago Bulls. I don't know who drafted him.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Watership Down was written by author author Amy Tan. Do you like fantasy books?
That is correct! The Lord of the Rings is also speculative fiction.
Yes, it is speculative fiction as well as fantasy.
I know they are a team in the NFL. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure but I heard they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Maybe they will be the Runner-up of the Super Bowl this year.
Sure. He wrote Troy, which is a comedy film. Do you like comedies?
Have you heard of Troy? I heard of that one. It is a historical film.
It's a great movie. United 93 is starred by Kristen Stewart, who also starred in Mrs. Doubtfire.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I do know that Return of the Jedi stars Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of his?
There are 3 sequels, but the most recent one is Inception. Have you seen it?
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron. It's a great movie!
I'll add that one to your watch list.
Yes, it's a great movie. 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like those genres?
Yes he was. That was a great movie. Stephen King also starred in it as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that show.
Are you a fan of the author, Nicholas Sparks?
The author is Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it's a good book for teens. A Walk to Remember is written in English. It's a great book for teens.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is married to Gisele
I agree Wildcats was great. I liked Rudy because he was also a model.
Yes, I agree. Couples Retreat is great. Have you seen it?
Sure. Are you a fan of sci-fi thrillers?
Volcano was directed by Roland Emmerich and is a Sci-Fi movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi action movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects. Have you seen those?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak too.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of it but I heard it was very good. It was written by Eric Brass and Eric Stolen. Is it a drama?
He has starred in The Final Destination, The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination
I would recommend thrillers, which is a thriller.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Christmas Blessing and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
The Voyage Home is starring Walter Koeing. He also starred in The Graveyard Book and The Lion King.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
The Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't heard of that one. I heard it's very good. I haven't seen it yet.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Chelsea and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about football either. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal. I know he is from Spain.
I don't know much about them. I do know their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
Yes he was a point guard. I don't know much about him. I guess the team is coached by Jason Kidd.
Yes, he did coach the Bucks.
Memento is a thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like thrillers?
I do not know who starred in The Prestige but I know The Dark Knight Rises was directed by Christopher Nolan.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a DJ, record producer, record producer, singer, singer, and songwriter. He is also a record producer.
Rita Ora is a dancer and lyricist. Do you like dance music?
I hope you like it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Have you seen The Hobbit? It's a fantasy film.
Great, enjoy!
Certainly!
OK. Have a great day.
He is a basketball shooting guard for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him either. I heard he is a good player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is one of the best player in the league right now.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is starring Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, have you seen Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
your welcome
Crescendo is written by J.K. Rowling and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silent in the Grave and Pulse
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, The Maze Runner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Scortch Trials is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor, and Liam Neeson.
You are welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a Drama/Crime film.
Sure, do you like it because it's a Drama/Crime film?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a highly recommended movie starring Meryl Streep and Michelle Pfeiffer. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits. Have you seen it?
Annie is starring Rory Kinnear and Anne Hathaway.
Jamie Foxx has starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in Shaun of the Dead, and Shaun of the Dead.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle.
I believe he was born in New York City.
Message in the botte was written by Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by J.K. Simmons and is a historical novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Nick Stahl-David. Do you like his work?
It's a romance starring Vaz. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books written by the same author, J.K. Rowling?
Chris Bigsby is a great writer. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons. Have you read them?
Yes he did. The Crucible is a tragedy and was released in 2000.
He wrote The Crucible, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
No I don't have any other books written by him, but Chris Bigsby directed it.
I don't know much about them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yes, they were a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
They're looking good. They'll win the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Lolita is a Romance novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko. Are you a fan?
It is a mystery/suspense novel.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
No, I haven't heard his music. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz?
Yes, Jessica Biel was married to Kelly Preston.
I haven't seen it. I've heard it's very funny.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. Do you like J.K. Rowlings?
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Cursed Child, and The Cursed Child. Have you read any of those?
Sure, she wrote The Silkworm, which is a fantasy novel and was released in 2014.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote The Golden Compass.
It was released in 2002 and is in the English language.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, J.K. Rowling also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Cursed Child.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was released in English.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't, but I do show it was filmed in English.
I hope you like it!
Total Recall is a science fiction movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't know much about him. I think he plays for France national football team.
I like James Harden too. Who is your favorite player?
I have watched a TV show called High School Musical. I enjoyed the show.
I'm going to watch the American show. I'll watch it now.
I don't know if he is a good actor. I think he is a good actor.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger. Do you like his movies?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Virgin Queen?
Enigma was released in 1999 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes I will add it to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the Harry Met Sally, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
He has produced The Interview and The Last Samurai
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford has written a couple of books. Jamie Ford wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read either of those?
I don't know that information. Is it fiction?
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like her acting in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Selena Gomez was in it.
It is a drama. I think you will enjoy it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a comedy?
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know they won the World Series in 2010.
I am not a fan of the sport. Are you a baseball fan?
I don't know, but I do know our team is the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a baseball fan?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he won the PGA Championship and a couple of PGA Championships.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods. I think he lost to Roger Federer, right?
I didn't know he's married to Phil. Is he a tennis player?
Do you like Drama movies? If so I would recommend The Hurt Locker.
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Deceit is a horror film starring Evangeline Lilly and Whitney Houston, and is a thriller.
I'll add Trucker to your watch list.
I don't know a lot, but I do know that they play in the NFL.
I don't think so, what position does he play?
I do like college football. what is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him. Isn't he married to Sergio Aguero? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer, either. I just heard they're coached by David Beckham.
I don't really watch soccer but I do like American Football. My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
El amor en los tiempos del cólera was written in 1985 and written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Have you heard of Marley & Me?
Yes, it is written in English as well.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is also a thriller and a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by Steven Spielberg and is a Science Fiction.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McHattie and stars Gerald McRaney. It was released in 2002.
Then I recommend Then Came Love. It's a good romance movie.
The Sun Also Rises is a Tragicomedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Jurassic Park. Have you heard of that?
You might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zathura: A Space Adventure.
Sure, some of the actors are Vanessa Redgrave, Billy Boyd, and Chris Hemsworth.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, do you like the author because it's written by Lisa See and because it's a romance novel?
It is Fiction and Children's Literature. Do you like those genres?
I will have to check it out, thanks.
Yes, Saina Nehwal plays for the Indian national badminton team. Isn't that a sport?
No, I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Yes that is true. Do you like that book?
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a classic. What genre do you like?
I don't know if she wrote anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, do you like Sense and Sensibility because it's a historical period drama?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I don't know much about him but I heard he's a good singer. Do you like him?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was born in Salto, Mexico?
I do as well. Do you like dance music?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He was also in The Aviator.
Yes, he starred in The Aviator, which is a romantic comedy.
I will add it to your watch list.
He directed School Dazed and Playing for Keeps
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is also in it. It's a great movie starring Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read them?
It is a Children's Literature novel, do you like that genre?
The Historian is a dystopian novel
Yes, I will send it right now.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
what sport do you like to watch?
i didnt know that. what sport do you like?
I like football as well. what sports do you follow?
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what sport do you like?
i love the Dallas Cowboys. what do you think about them?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Georgia Dome is starring in the movie The Atlanta Falcons.
I am a Patriots fan. who is your favorite team?
Yes, she wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign that was released in 1958. Have you read that?
I do. Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that was the year that released The Man in Havana.
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
Vulgar is a science fiction film starring Ethan Suplee. He also starred in Chasing Amy, which is a crime fiction. Do you like those?
Yes, he was in the Butterfly Effect as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't have any information on them but they are owned by Buddenbrooks.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Viva La Vida.
I don't have any idea. I do know that Coldplay is touring. Do you like touring?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and owned by Tom Brady.
Yes, that is true. Do you like football?
I don't know either. I guess the team is coached by Louis van Gaal.
Nice chatting with you! Thanks for the information.
Terry George directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
He also directed the Pirates of the Caribbean. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama.
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2003.
I don't think so. Beatrix Potter has many professions. She is also a film producer and a film producer.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by X-Men Apocalypse.
He has been in The Wolverine and has starred in other X-Men movies.
The Proposal has genre Thriller and Drama. Are you into thriller movies?
It's a Turbo is a Biographical Film.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about Sandra Bullock?
Alice In Wonderland was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Anything else?
The Incredibles is a family comedy. Do you like family movies?
Yes, that is a great family friendly movie written by John Lennon.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that John Ratzenberger also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about it, I just heard it is a good sport to watch. What sport do you like?
I do, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't watch sports but my favorite sport is Basketball. I do like to watch the Carolina Panthers.
I don't know much about the sport but I heard they are a good team as well.
Yes, Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite is What's Your Number. Have you seen it?
I haven't heard of her since she branched out, do you like her?
I'm not a big fan of the music, but I heard she has a good voice. I guess she should give her a try.
I prefer Heavy metal. Rock is my favorite.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller and was directed by Ron Howard. Do you like Thriller movies?
Do you like Shooter because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Another movie written by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee
Rum Diary is starring Matt Damon, who also starred in The Rum Diary
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
Didn't he lose to Roger Federer? He is a golfer.
I haven't played golf but I have heard of it before. Do you play golf?
Serenity is starring Sandra Bullock, Rory Kinnear, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if it's scary. I'll add it to your watch list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a writer. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Be Kind Rewind starred Maurice Sendak, Melina Kanakaredes, and Meryl Streep.
I do! I love their music. Adam Levine is a great performer. Do you like them?
I like them too, I like Teenage Dream and Teenage Dream
Do you like Teenage Dreams?
I'm not a huge fan of his but I do know he starred in The Wiz. Have you seen that?
I'm not a big fan of Thriller, but I do remember when Diana Ross was in the movie The Titans.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
He plays on the Argentina national football team. Are you a football fan?
I am not a huge fan of soccer. I prefer American Football. What sport do you follow?
I don't know if I've heard of him. Is he a soccer player?
Sure, Shrek is a comedy and drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, do you like this movie because it stars Tom Schneider and Megan Burns?
I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
I don't have any information on who starred in it but Lea Thompson was in it.
I don't have any information on who starred in the Wild Life. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you heard of those?
I don't know, but she also wrote Silence
These books fall under speculative fiction genre
You're welcome
It was directed by Minnie Driver. Do you like Minnie Driver movies?
He wrote a lot of comedy movies including The Simpsons movie
Zoe Lister-Jones is one of the starring actors.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote the Family film Rango. Have you seen it?
It is a crime/comedy film. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, Rango is considered a thriller and crime fiction.
No problem! Enjoy!
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ride along has a Thriller and was directed by J.K. Simmons.
You're welcome.
Zoolander 2 is a great blockbuster comedy movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess. Are you a fan?
I have read The Tale of the Body Thief. It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a speculative fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, I will check it out. Thanks!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Athena.
I'm not sure. I'm sorry.
I hope you like it!
I know she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance?
I like murder mystery too. Would you like to know more about this genre?
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express. Did you know it was directed by Liam Neeson?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
These books fall into a science fiction genre.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Sure. She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Amelie is a romance film and was produced by Frances Mayes.
He's a great director. He also directed The Princess and the Frog.
Luke Bryan composed the song We Rode in Trucks. Do you like country music?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. Do you like his music?
His record label is Country Pop
Marlon Brando has starred in several films. Do you like action films?
Viva Zapata has a genre of Drama and Comedy. He also starred in The Black Dahlia which is a Children's Film.
I'd recommend a drama. It's a drama.
I don't know a lot about him. I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors. Isn't he a basketball player?
Yes I am a basketball fan. I like the Golden State Warriors. Who is your favorite player?
Yes he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by David Koepp.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
He has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Luigi Pistilli was also in Wonder Woman as well.
Yes she was, she also starred in the Notebook.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of my favorites. What genre do you prefer?
I don't know a lot about that, can you tell me who was in that movie?
Well, he starred in the movie The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that?
Ok great, I will send it to you.
Yes it also starred Thomas Lennon as well.
The Dark Knight is a Superhero thriller, similar to The Dark Knight.
Have you seen The Dark Knight rises? It's in the same genre.
The most popular adventure movie is The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen that one?
i dont think it is a blockbuster. what genre do you like?
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M. Montgomery wrote The White Princess and The Rilla of Ingleside.
The Blue Castle came out in 2003 and is a fantasy novel.
The classics came out in 1926.
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Wrestler and The Fountain. Have you seen those?
You might enjoy The Warrior's Way, or Then Came Love. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes he did, it is a drama. do you like drama?
I haven't seen Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a composer and sang Night of Your Life, Love Is Gone and Wild Ones.
I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Justin BIeber and Justin Bieber. What is your favorite artist?
I like Micheal Jackson too. I like his music. I think he is from France.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a psychological thriller and sci-fi. Do you like that genre?
I hope you like it!
You're welcome have a great day
Did you enjoy it because it stars Seth Rogen or because it was a comedy?
Knocked Up was released in 2003.
I'm not sure who is in it, but Eminem also starred in The Wash and Funny People.
You're welcome!
Paul Pogba is a Midfielder and he is playing for Chelsea F.C..
Yes, that was the same year as Ryan Griggs.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I heard they are a great team.
I don't know much about him other than he's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like him?
It's a romance and a comedy. Do you like those?
Yes he did, he also directed it as well.
Sure, do you like her writing? She wrote The Polar Express. She also wrote that.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he has a significant J.K. Rowling, who is also an influence.
Yes he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna and The Lacuna.
It is speculative fiction and science fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a comedy and adventure film written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome
I don't know much about her. I know she starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts is a comedy.
Yes, I like Ashton Kutcher. I also like him as well. Have you seen him in a few shows?
Dead to the World is a Speculative fiction book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like that genre?
Then I would recommend Dead to the World.
Of course! It is a speculative fiction novel. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and is a film adaptation.
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace was directed by William Shakespeare. Do you like his movies?
Skyfall is a historical period drama
I do not have that information right now
I hope you like it!
I don't watch much NFL but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and their coach is Mike Zimmer.
I didn't know that. Isn't he a coach?
Wow, the Steelers won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked. Are you a fan?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? It is a thriller.
I have not seen Unfinished Business. I will have to check it out.
I do like hip hop as well. Do you like hip hop movies?
I like rock. I also like the Beatles. What is your favorite genre?
Yes I like Zipper as well. Do you like his music?
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is also a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome!
I know that he is a professional American footballer who plays as a Forward for the Denver Nuggets of the National Football League.
Olivia Wilde also starred in Knocked Up as well
Working Girl is a Science Fiction Film starring Olivia Wilde, who also starred in Year One
You're welcome!
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Angela's Ashes is from California.
I didn't know that. I'd love to visit the San Diego Chargers.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it stars Channing Tatum?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down.
It was released in 2013. Would you like to see it?
Your welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Oz and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes she has a good voice. I really liked her in Princess Protection Program. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. Did you know that she also starred in Princess Protection Program?
Yes she does. I really liked Impersonations as well. She also starred in Who's That Girl.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2004. Do you like that genre?
The next book in the series was Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. Do you like his movies?
Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore. Do you like thriller movies?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, he plays for the National Football League. He is a midfielder and forward.
I am not a huge fan of football but I do know he plays for the Columbia national football team.
He plays midfielder and he is also a midfielder
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Would you like to see it?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
Harold Ramis is the main actor. Do you like his movies? Harold Ramis also directed it?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film and is produced by Harold Ramis.
Kuriyama starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Do those sound interesting to you?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 1995. Do you like horror films?
I don't show any other actors in the Sky Crawlers, but I can tell you that The Sky Crawlers was released in 1994.
I don't show any other actors in the Sky Crawlers, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War starred by Frank Beddor.
I don't play that right now.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not heard of her, but I heard she is a great songwriter. Do you like her music?
I haven't heard that one, but I do enjoy electronic dance music. Do you like electronic dance music?
I didn't know she was born in Los Angeles, have you seen it?
Truman Capotes In Cold Blood is a crime fiction. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has starred Shia LaBeouf, Meryl Streep, and Emily Blunt to name a few. Would you like to hear more?
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, he won the MTV Video Award for Best Original Score.
Yes, he is a writer and starred in the movie The Fugitive. Have you seen that one?
It is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy movies?
You're welcome.
Great, I hope you like it!
Guy Kawasaki has been in a number of movies. He was in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on his other work, but he did write it
1926
your welcome
I don't know much about him except that he is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I don't know of any other point guards I know. Are you a fan?
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
I'm not a huge fan of the Mets, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon.
I don't know too much about baseball. Are they having a good season this year?
I like the Dallas Mavericks. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I don't know much about him, I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not a huge fan of him, I just heard he's a defender.
Stephen Sommers directed Van Helsing and The Mummy. Have you seen either of those?
The Mummy Returns has genre Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies? The Looking Glass Wars is starring Frank Beddor.
Yes, that's correct. I'll add it to your watch list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a Fiction?
Have you seen the King's Speech? It is an Indie Film starring Shirley Henderson.
Then you might also enjoy The Good Doctor, which is an Indie Film. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Rogue Nation is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. Have you seen them?
Pound of Flesh stars Jason Statham and Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revenge of the Fallen.
Young adult fiction is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it's part of a series.
Then I would recommend The Tempted. Have you heard of it?
Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Islands in the Stream is a fiction novel.
I would say Tolls in the War genre. It is a war film.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about football but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and coached by Tom Brady.
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know they are a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
I'm not sure who she's married. I guess she's a great wife. I really like the Cowboys.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also directed it. Have you seen it?
eli craig
Yes. Eli Craig directed it.
Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a comedy starring Zach Galifianakis. Do you like comedies?
Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie are a couple good sci-fi movies.
War of the Worlds starred Olivia Wilde and Salma Hayek.
I don't know if he directed anything but I do know he also directed The Goonies, have you seen that one?
I think Katy Perry is a great singer, songwriter and songwriter. Are you a fan?
I did not know that. Did you see that one? It's a drama.
I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brand. Isn't he in a movie?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, he is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, he starred in that one as well. He also starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that was a great movie! I really liked him in that one as well.
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot and stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
Merryl Streep also starred in The Shawshank Redemption, which is a comedy film
Yes, I do recommend it . It is a great comedy film starring Vanessa Redgrave
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter klage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a X-Men: First Class.
Some other movies in the Fantasy genre are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Vivica A. Fox and Jennifer Lawrence are the lead in the film.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you heard of that one?
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. It's a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he wrote Into the Wild as a Actor. Do you like Actor?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I do. It stars Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Sure, I would recommend The Rum Diary or The Rum Diary. Have you seen them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Have you heard of J.K. Rowling?
Sure, do you like Ship of Magic because it is a Fantasy?
Happy to help!
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read them?
Yes, you are correct. Dorian is also a historical novel as well.
I don't know that but I do know it was released in 1969.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. It was released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and is in English. Have you seen it?
Sure, have you watch The Assassin's Blade or World War Z?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Million Dollar Baby.
Yes, he wrote Mark Boal as well. Do you like his movies?
I agree, she is a great actress. I think you will enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know a lot about him. I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Oh yeah, Shakira is from Columbia. What sport do you like?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan?
I don't either. I am a huge sports fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I don't. I know they are a football team. I don't follow football much.
I don't like soccer, but I do enjoy watching the World Cup. Have you seen it?
I'm a huge fan of American Football. I do like football. What sport do you like?
I didn't know he was a football player. I'll have to check him out.
Do you like books written by Stephen R. Covey or self help?
He wrote Principle Centered Leadership and The Improbable Adventures of Highly Effective People
The Magic of Thinking Big was also released in 1989. Have you seen it?
ok great I will add this book to your library
Pacific RIm is a Fantasy Fiction. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family movie, do you like family movies?
Yes he is in the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies have you seen The Rum Diary?
He is a great actor, one of my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movies is The Rum Diary
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Jonathan Nolan. He also wrote The Hunchback of Notre Dame de Paris.
Milo Forman also directed a drama called The Curse of the Black Pearl.
Great, I also like Prefontaine. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like historical period dramas I would suggest The Fountain, which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She wrote The Crucible and Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you read them?
Vanishing Girls has genre Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy!
I do! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon. I love his work.
Didn't he play the Tambourine? I don't know much about him.
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yes he is one of the most well-known players in the NBA All-Rookie Team.
He is a point guard. Did you know he is from the United States?
The Island was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also directed The Island. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen The Island? It's a sci-fi adventure film.
It stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Glad to be of help
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen it?
I don't know too much about Thriller but he was also in Battleship with Kristen Stewart.
It stars Christian Bale and is a drama/romance and was directed by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Sea of Monsters are both fantasy novels
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national football team.
I don't know much but I know Sergio Aguero plays for the Argentina National Football team. I don't follow the sport.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you follow?
He wrote The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of those?
yes it is in English.
thank you too.
Haaaa
I don't know much about them except that Leslie Alexander is their coach. Do you like them?
I don't watch sports but I do like basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't know where they play, but they are a good team, too.
Yes, he wrote Candide and Breathing Lessons.
I don't have that information. But Candide is a musical theater.
I would recommend The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the genre because it children's literature?
He also wrote The Tao of Pooh. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he is a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool and he plays Midfielder
Yes that is where the team is from. Do you like soccer?
I know they are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
I don't know. Are you a fan?
Not really, but I heard Copa del Rey is a great player.
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like the author or the genre?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a Pulp Fiction. Do you like Pulp Fiction?
Yes, I can tell you that John Travolta also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Mexico and he played on the Argentina national team. Do you like soccer?
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he wrote The System of the World.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have the Spanish version.
No problem.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
They have a good season, but they haven't won a World Series since 2010 and 2010 World Series.
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help with?
I know they are a team in the NFL. Are you a fan?
I've heard Marcus Mariota plays for the Seattle Seahawks. Isn't he on the team?
LIKE TheM Haha is my favorite player. What is yours?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a thriller and was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, she wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read them?
Yes, she wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
That was released in 2010 and is a great book.
Yes, he is, as well as a writer.
Sure. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin. Do you like his work?
He also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He starred in Taking Chance, Salt and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen those?
Kathryn Bigelow starred in it, and he also starred in Water for Elephants.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure. She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is.
You're welcome!
I know he is a golfer from Northern Ireland. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I think he's from Northern Ireland. I'm not a big golf fan. I don't like golf either. How about you?
I'm not a huge fan of his, but I do know he is from Northern Ireland, have you been?
Sure! The most popular sci-fi movie that has starred in it is The Avengers. Have you seen it?
It is a science fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
OK, enjoy the movie!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller directed by Neill Blomkamp. Do you enjoy Sci-Fi Thrillers?
I agree. Then you might enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
The Neon Demon stars Johnny Depp and Jacki Weaver.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her but I heard she starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her?
Oh, I didn't know that! I know he is a very talented person.
I like a lot of different types. I think I like a lot of different types. My favorite singer is Taylor Swift.
I'm not sure if they were released, but Classic rock was released in 2015.
Yes I do. It was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't have that information right now. Anything else I can help you with?
I don't have any information on any other books he wrote, but I can tell you that he's also a writer and a scientist.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote the Hangover Part II which is Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II?
It is a comedy. enjoy!
Kyrie Ivring is a fan of the NBA. Is that the sport you are looking for?
Yes, it's a good one. It was written by Philip K. Dick. Have you read it?
It's a romance novel right? I don't know much about it either. What genre do you like?
Yes she did. I think you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe.
I am not sure but I know he is from Spain
THX 1138 is a great book
There are many, please let me know if there is anything else
Up was written by Sam Mendes and is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
She has also written The Longest Yard. Have you heard of that movie?
It is a drama
I would recommend Family Movies also starring Craig Ferguson
You are welcome.
I don't know a lot, but they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
Zak Penn was the runner up
I don't know much about Hardaway but I do know that he was a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets
I have never heard of Renaldo Balkman, he is a good player
The Gunslinger is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
It was released in 1996 and is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or Drama?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Fight Club was produced by David Fincher.
I'm not a big fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about the Texans. I'm more of a Dallas fan.
I'm not a big fan of the Browns. I do know Randy Lerner is a former coach for the Houston Texans.
I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He starred in 1Q84 Movies and 2Q84 books. Have you seen those?
He wrote The House of Mirth which is Non-fiction
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
I am not sure , but I can tell you he is a shometsu
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is a novel written by Saulius Dagye.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction and thriller.
Sure. He also wrote The Fountain, The Constant Garden, and The Fountain.
You are welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark of the Moon stars Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Predators has genre Thriller and Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a superhero movie
I don't have much information on that one but Predators is a Sci-Fi movie
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a Children's Literature. Do you like the author?
Sure. Some other examples are The Honk and Holler Opening Soon
He also wrote The Crucible, Do you want to know more about it?
No problem.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like his movies?
It is a romantic comedy starring Topher Grace. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is! Sex starred in the movie, which is a comedy.
Yes, he was. Too Big to Fail also starred Charlize Theron.
He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Scarface is a crime genre. He also starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, do you like science fiction movies or science fiction movies?
Do you like the Avengers because it stars Scarlett Johansson?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
Happy to help
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like him?
I don't watch soccer, I like to watch soccer. Who is your favorite team?
I do, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't. I think their coach is John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
I would. Outlander is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross.
Xenocide is also a great Sci-Fi book. You might enjoy Outlander 2 or World War Z. Have you heard of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about it?
Oh ok. That's a great book. I heard it was a good book.
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The team is coached by Louis van Gaal, who also played for FC Bayern Munich II. Have you heard of him?
He's a defender on the team, and he was also a musician.
Sure, One for the Money is written by Sylvia Plath and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, it was co-written by Stephenie Meyer as well
Yes, it is part of the series The Princess Diaries.
Sure, have a great day
The Inside Out is a Thriller starring Kristen Stewart and Tim Allen. It is a Thriller.
She was also in V for Vendetta. Did you see that?
This is the End is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy the movie!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, she starred in a television show called The Longest Yard. Would you like to hear more of her?
She has been in a number of movies. She has been in a number of shows, including The Running Man, and the TV series, The Running Man. Would you like to see any of those?
Sure, Ron Howard directed The Missing. Have you seen that?
Well, he directed Mad Max: Fury Road, which is a thriller. Do you like action movies?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? It's a historical film.
Well, he directed it right? I don't have anything in mind.
Mr & Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy starring Brad Pitt. Do you like romantic comedies?
He also starred in Troy, which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes he did write the box and it was released in 1982.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller.
Have you seen The Looking Glass Wars starring Frank Beddor? It is also a Fantasy film.
You're welcome.
Have you read The Assassin's Blade? It is a great book.
The Throne of Shadows is a Fantasy and Children's Literature.
I would recommend The Assassin's Blade, it is a great book.
Sure, do you like thrillers? If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night.
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama and was released in 2002. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
If you like Sandra Bullock, you should check out The Proposal.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Your welcome, enjoy!
I don't know alot about the book but I do know that it was written by John Green. Do you like the author?
Yes he wrote Go Set a Watchman and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of them?
It's a young adult fiction book. It's classified as a memoir.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you a fan of Outlander because it's science fiction?
It was released in 2009.
It is speculative fiction.
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
You're correct. She also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline
I don't have that information at the moment
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He also starred in it as well.
Have you seen Welcome to the Monkey House? It's very funny.
I don't know much about her. Isn't she dating Rory McIIroy?
I like Sarena better than Venus Venus. I think she's better than her sister Serena. I really like her as well.
I'm not sure but I do know that Serena starred in Hair Show.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Resident Evil. Have you seen those?
Yes, some of the actors are Vanessa Redgrave, Vanessa Redgrave, and William H. Macy.
Yes, it is a comedy and also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, if you like Science Fiction I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read it?
Then I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. Have you heard of them?
Yes, it's part of the series The Sweet Far Thing. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes, I would recommend The Golden Compass, if you haven't read it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca is written by Sylvester Stallone.
I'm not sure, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Rebecca.
I do. Daphne du Maurier also directed My Cousin Rachel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the Denver Broncos.
Case Keenum is a former American football player who played as a defensive back in the 90's. Do you like basketball?
The current coach is Wayne Weaver. Have you heard of him?
I enjoy basketball as well. What sports do you enjoy?
I don't know if he's a player. What sports do he play for?
He is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I'm not sure who else is on the team. I know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, it is. It is the home stadium.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by American Madeleine L'Engle
It is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like Fantasy books?
I would recommend Xenocide if you like science fiction.
Yes he did. It is a great book. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him. I know he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
My favorite song is Don't Mess with the Zohan. What is your favorite song of his?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Isn't that a comedy?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was made into a movie.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a war/romance novel. Do you like war?
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
I know a little bit. I know he is a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a Quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats is a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. They are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
Did you know that Woody Harrelson starred in a movie called Defending Jacob.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and A Very Long Engagement.
Micmacs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zulu is starring Jack Black, who also starred in Johnny Depp.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He wrote The Future of Us. Have you heard of that one?
I do. We will like them both.
That's a great book. It was released in 2009. I think he'll enjoy it!
It was written by Emma McLaughlin and released in 1847.
Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion is a great romance novel. Have you heard of those?
It was released in 1817 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he's a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine which stars Tilda Swinton.
The Red Violin stars Tilda Swinton and Michael Clayton which is a mystery film. Do you like mystery films?
Sure, I will add that as well.
