Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
It was a great movie, if you liked it, you should definitely check out The Matrix series.
Yes, Death Wish is a drama and a biography. Do you like dramas?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a action movie and the action movie is based on a book by E.L. James.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
It was released in 2012 and is a cartoonist
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary was written by Nick Cassavetes. It's a comedy.
Sarah Silverman has been in a lot of films, including There's Something About Mary, The Big Lebowski, and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ben Stiller also starred in I Am Comic. It's a comedy.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i do not know any other books by her
no, she did not write The Moon and More.
I hope you enjoy it.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy starring Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
It stars Don Cheadle, Roscoe Lee Browne, and Roscoe Lee Browne to name a few. Have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was born in India.
He is on the India national team. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he is a Cricket player from India.
Mike Newell directed The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity.
Pushing Tin was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he is a pretty good basketball player but I don't know much more about him.
No, I don't know much about him. Isn't he a basketball player?
I'm more of a basketball fan myself. What is your favorite sport?
Is Dimitar Berbatov an Indian tennis player?
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller and was directed by David Fincher.
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but Simon Pegg was in it too.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Wild Geese is also in the Romance genre. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do. The Game is a great movie starring Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
I do like thrillers. Did you know Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt? It is a great movie
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Will do. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Did you know that McG directed the movie This Means War?
We Are Marshall was written by Meg Cabot.
Brian Geragtly has starred in many great films. Would you like me to send it to you?
Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, it is a horror film. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
Como agua para chocolate was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, William also directed The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen those?
The Devil and Father Amorth has a genre of Romance and Drama.
The Great Gatsby is a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote To Build a Fire and The Great Gatsby.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Glass.
Will do. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven was a great movie. Unforgiven was written by David Benioff who also wrote Unforgiven.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that the movie was released in 2005 and the same year was released
X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games and The Giver. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockinjay.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I love Madonna. She's a great singer. Did you know she was also an actress?
He was also a voice actor, a voice actor, and a voice actor. He was also a voice actor.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend some of Guy Ritchie's movies if you'd like.
Isn't he a cricket player for the India national cricket team?
Yes he did. He also played for the Pune Warriors.
You're welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this one?
what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls is starring Amy Poehler. what else can i do for you?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey is an actress. what else can i do for you?
Arsenal is a sports team and a sports team.
Not really, I'm more of a Dodgers fan.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Jane Adams also stars in The Wackness, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
It was released in 2014.
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen either of those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3
Yuvraj Singh also stars in Taken. It's a thriller.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Green Bay Packers. I don't follow the NFL much, but the Green Bay Packers are having a good season.
I am not a huge football fan, I don't know much about the football team.
I don't know anything about Aaron Rodgers. What do you think about Mike McCarthy?
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a screenwriter for The Last Temptation of Peter Gallagher.
Yes. Did you know that Tate Donovan is also a film producer?
Yes. It was written by George Clooney. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the author Dean Koontz or do you like Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music was written by Jane Austen. It's a thriller and was released in 2008.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles rankings.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a lyricist. Do you like him?
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that David Guetta is a DJ, songwriter, and songwriter.
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Emily Bronte. She also wrote A Christmas Carol. Have you read it?
That's right. Did you know it was also a movie?
I would recommend thrillers like Shark Night, xXx and xXx.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy comedy Knocked Up. Have you seen it?
Groundhog Day was written by David Ayer and produced by David Ayer. It's a comedy.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Isn't That Is Now, which is a comedy.
I don't know any other films he directed, but he did write The Is 40 and The Is 40.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 1985.
I don't know if he wrote any films he wrote, but I do know that he was also a teacher.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he's a composer and song writer. He's a great composer.
yes he is
Oh yea hes great, he is also a composer
yea i love Ryan Ross, he is a great singer
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Do you like Ben Stiller's Something About Mary because it is a comedy?
It is also a Romantic Comedy. You should definitely check it out.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Sure! Both books briefly are historical fiction and historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by George Orwell or because it was released in 1945?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars: A Fairy Story.
I do! She wrote The Color Purple which is a Speculative fiction.
It was released in 1951
The genre is fiction
You are welcome
Oldboy is a drama/mystery movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both in the mystery/thriller genre.
Lady Vengeance stars Keanu Reeves, Kyla Pratt, and Kyla Pratt.
She starred in a thriller movie called No Country for Old Men
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and starred in Hollywood Chinese
He wrote Ang Lee's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Iceman, and The Huntsmen.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate, to name a few. Have you heard of those?
I don't know much about Zsa Gabor, but I know she was born in New York and she wrote Wonderful Town: New Yorker.
Touch of Evil is a mystery, drama, and crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg, do you like his work?
Jurassic park is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic Park III.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta.
He also plays golf as a midfielder.
I don't know much about golf but I do know Adam Sandler is also in it.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit and The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
Then you should check out My Soul to Take, which is also a Horror Thriller.
Yes, I think Joshua Leonard is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Have you seen Zombieland or Zombieland? They are both adventure and science fiction films.
If you're into X-Men, you might also want to check out Zombieland.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Rear Window.
Surviving Picasso was born in New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, New York.
Sure. Joss Ackland also stars in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse
The Little Prince is a drama, The Little Prince is a drama and drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a great football player, but I don't know much more about him.
Yes, he was also in that movie. It is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes it was a good movie. I loved it in the 90's.
I don't know much about Die Hard with a Vengeance but I do know it was written by Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance, which is a comedy. Have you seen that one?
He did! He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance, which is a comedy.
I think you will enjoy it!
Alien is a young adult fiction and science fiction film. Are you interested in this genre?
If you like horror movies, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
Bats was released in 2010 and stars Kyla Pratt. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, David Lynch directed The Devil Wears Prada and The Invisible Man. Have you seen either of those?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
Yes, he did. Saw III was also a great sci-fi movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Repo Men is written by John Lennon.
Eric Garcia also wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Assassin's Blade.
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room and The Wide Window. Have you read either of those?
The End was released in 2014 and it is a fantasy novel
Sure, Lemony Snicket is a writer, poet, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter as well
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
That's right! He has a son, Selena Gomez, who also starred in The Nanny Diaries which is a great movie.
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Will do. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Windtalkers, The Warrior, and The Hunt for Red October.
Windtalkers is a drama and Warrior is a drama. It is also a drama.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Slater, and Roscoe Lee Browne.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I think he's a good football player but he's not as good as he was.
I don't know much about football but I do know that he's a famous player.
That's a good one. I think he's also a musician.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Richelle Mead.
Harry Potter and the cursed child, Jack Thorne, have you seen Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince?
I don't know much about the Kansas City Chiefs, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Warpaint, do you know who he is?
They're part of the AFC West.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Tombs of Athena which was also made into a movie.
Yes, it was released in 2008
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a great read
I do! I like Selena Gomez and Selena Gomez.
I don't know much of his music, but I do know he's also a singer and a singer.
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he's a singer.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know much about basketball, but the Boston Celtics did have a chance to win any championships.
That was the final score for the Timberwolves yesterday.
Sure, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Yes, рестуление is written in English.
He is very old, but he was influenced by William Shakespeare and William Shakespeare.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass are both fantasy books.
I would suggest The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He's a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder.
I don't think so, he is a soccer player from Germany. He is a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is also a Cricketer. He was born in Borussia.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in this movie?
A Corn of Thorns and Roses was written by James Patterson. Would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Sarah J Maas also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is also a Fiction book.
The Assassin's Blade was released the same year as The Assassin's Blade.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed True Lies and The Lone Ranger. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a romantic comedy.
Titanic was released in 2010
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Madame Bovary is a Romance novel?
If you like romance novels, you might also like The Secrets of a Fire King. It is also a Romance Novel.
It is considered a romance and a romance. Do you like those types of books?
She wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
I am not a huge tennis fan, but I do know Venus Williams is very talented.
I agree. Stefi Graff is a great tennis player, but Martina Navritalova was better.
Yes, she is the best female player in history.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
That's right. Did you know she won the U.S. Women's Golf Championship?
That's amazing! I hope you enjoy the LPGA Tour!
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. She also wrote You Again.
Reflected in You and One With You is a romantic comedy.
I don't think so, but I do know that she did write Reflected in You
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of those?
The Handmaid Tale is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
He also starred in "Carlos" and "Carlos" which is a thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Did you like Untamed: A House of Night Novel because it was written by Doc Rivers?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi
Yes, Ignite Me was released in 2014, and Ignite Me was released.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and Caroline Kepnes. It was released in 2014.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel. It is written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
We Are Water was released in 2015. It is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
They are thrillers and science fiction.
The star of Neverland is Jada Pinkett Smith.
It was released in 2003
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
You are welcome
He wrote A Separate Peace which is a good novel.
It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a similar book to Un Lun Dun.
You are welcome
Sure, Emma was written by Jane Austen, who also wrote The Nanny Diaries.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read either of those?
I would recommend The House of Mirth. It is also a historical drama.
Sure. Wuthering Heights was also written by Elizabeth George Speare and was released in 1847.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, would you like more books by him?
Okay, then you'll like Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like Fight Club because it was a comedy or because it was a comedy?
Yes, I will download Straw Dogs.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix? Part 1 and 2 is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret Life of Bees, The Secret Life of Bees, and many others. Have you read any of those?
Sure, Why Not Me is written by Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
Sure, Everyone Hanging Out Without Me has a genre of Fiction.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote аренина and аренина.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
Red Riding Hood has a genre of Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know what else she has directed, but I can tell you that the movie is based on the comic strip.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I don't know much about him except that he played Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he is a top tiertier player for the team.
Yes, I like Hurt Locker. Did you know he starred in The Matrix series?
Yes, he was in the English Patient and he was also in the Thriller/Horror Film.
I agree with you. She was also in The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple. It was released in 2012.
That was a great movie. Did you know she also wrote The Importance of Being Earnest.
Will do.
Sure! She wrote Winter's Tale, which is a Romance novel.
Torment was released in 2010 and is a Romance novel. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote Cars 2 and Cars 2 as well.
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
The Looking Glass and The Rum Diary are both great movies for kids.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I know they are coached by David Platt and David Platt.
I don't know of any current players, but I know they were the runner-up in the 2009 championship
You're welcome!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, The Diary of a Young Girl, and The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read any of those?
You should read Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
It's a Thriller. It's also a drama.
You're welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie
The Simpsons movie was written by Richard Linklater. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, they are! He wrote a bunch of TV series for The Simpsons movies.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him but I do know he's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of an American Football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I don't know much about him either. I'm more of a tennis fan myself.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
He also starred in The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes I do. The Death Cure is written by James Dashner.
Rick Riordan wrote Death Cure.
Yes, it is also a young adult fiction novel.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. It was released in 2005.
Then you might also like The Nanny Diaries. It was also written by Emma MdLaughlin.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling and stars Morgan Freeman.
I don't think he's a TV show but he starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
I am not sure if there is a TV show or a TV show. The first one is definitely a series.
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure, Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction.
Sure, Grindhouse is starring Quentin Tarantino. He also starred in Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction.
Death Proof is starring Rosario Dawson and Roscoe Lee Browne
Hope you enjoy it!
Katy Perry is a great singer. Did you know she was also a model?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is a Thriller.
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I don't know who else starred in it, but I do know it was written by John Carpenter.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom.
Then you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is also a thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Venus has a relationship with Serena.
Oh, I didn't know that. Who is the coach of the Dolphins?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't think he is a captain for his team.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
I would. Home Alone is written by John Hughes and starred Tom Hanks.
Home Alone has a sequel Home Alone and the sequel Home Alone has a genre of Comedy. You like comedy movies?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. What do you think?
In My Head is a great song. I like his other songs like The Muppets and The Muppets
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure, do you like Shawshank Redemption because it was written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mists of Avalon
You're welcome!
Are you looking for something by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a fantasy?
Through the Looking-Glass is a fiction novel.
Yes, he wrote the book Through the Looking-Glass.
I do! He starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is also in The Transporter Refueled and The Transporter Refueled.
It's a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
It is a thriller, similar to The Transporter Refueled.
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
The Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman. what else can i do for you
Rohit Sharma is an Indian international cricketer for the Mumbai Indians.
He is an Athlete and plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not sure, but Rohit Sharma is an Athlete.
I am not sure, but Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
He wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you seen that?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1987 and Brave New World was released that year.
Yes, Jim Morrison also wrote The Doors of Perception and Brave New World.
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and is a thriller.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Nightingale which is a suspense film.
The film is a thriller and The Quiet American is a drama.
Without Remorse is a thriller and a suspense movie. You should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Drama movies?
The genre is Thriller
The Thirteenth Floor starred Brad Pitt, Brad Pitt, and Rosario Dawson.
Are you looking for something in the same genre?
Did you like The Help because it was a drama or a crime movie?
Yes, she is. Did you know she also starred in X-Men 2?
You are correct. Ryan Reynolds was also in X-Men: First Class.
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, it was written by James Dashner.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like those kinds of movies?
The Firm is also a thriller and a drama, do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I think he's a great football player but I don't really follow soccer much.
He is a soccer player and plays as striker
I enjoy watching American Football, what sports do you like?
I don't know much about baseball, what sports do you like?
Definitely! Packer is a great Packer, he is a great player
I don't know much about them except they're coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Isn't David Platt still the coach for the team?
Yes, they are a great team.
Do you like travel traveler's Wife because it is a satire or a satire?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Have you read Pride and Prejudice and Zombies?
Zoombies is written by Emma Stone
That was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote The Secrets of a Fire King.
He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
She is a great singer. Did you know she was also a model and a model?
No, I didn't know that! Is it a comedy?
Yeah, I love that one, I think I'll watch it again.
Sure, I can help with that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend some other adventure films if you like adventure films.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which was released in 1845.
It was released in 1856. It is a romance novel.
Sure, if you like romance you'll like Welcome to Temptation, you'll like this one.
He was also a recurring writer on The Nightingale which was released in 1856. Have you read it?
Sure, he also wrote Madame Bovary, which was released in 1856.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel and was released in 1856.
Then you'll like The Secrets of a Fire King by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
He wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes, The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale was released in 2011. It's a Thriller and was released in 2011.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2009.
Sure, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
I don't know if there is anything else I can recommend
The author of Your Heart Belongs to Me is Gerard Butler
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't think so, but it's more of a romance novel.
You're welcome!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is another similar book.
Veronika Decide Morrer is an American novelist, essayist, and essayist.
Veronika Decide Morrer also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Kyrie Irving is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I don't really know much about sports. I am more of a basketball fan.
I am more of a Lakers fan myself. The Lakers are the best in my opinion. Do you like the Lakers?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist in English. Paulo Coelho also wrote The Iliad.
Yes, I would.
Sure, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. Would you like me to recommend other books in the same genre?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood, have you read it?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sarah J Maas wrote Throne of Glass , The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade.
Throne of Glass was released in 2013 and she also wrote Assassin's Blade.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was written by Rick Riordan and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Kodi also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like those movies?
Dead Europe is an action film, it is also a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a drama, Gremlins is another drama you might like.
You are welcome have a great day
The Is The End is a drama/thriller. Do you like this genre?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I'm sorry
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a War or because it is a political thriller?
He also wrote A Fistful of Dollars and A Fistful of Dollars
Thirteen Moons was released in 2005 and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Will do. Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
He was also in the X-Men series. Have you seen those?
I didn't know that. Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Sure, S.S.A.L.A.L.A.L.A.L.A.L.R. Tolkien also starred in The Incredibles.
It is a drama and a biography. Do you like dramas?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and The Giver. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know much about it, but I can tell you Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Kids Are All Right.
She's a great actress! She also starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a comedy.
It's a drama/thriller.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey's Lover is one of my favorites. Have you read it?
He was in The Kite Runner and The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, The Help, and The Help.
Cicely Tyson also starred in The Help.
She has starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, do you like Star Wars because it is Sci-Fi or because it is a comedy?
Indiana Jones was the main star of the film, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Paula McLain or because it is a fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Fiction.
I don't think so, but it's a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix series, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
She has starred in several children's films, including Winter in Wartime, Winter in Wartime, and Winter in Wartime. Have you seen any of those?
That is a good one. Have you seen Back to the Future Part II?
He also wrote Back to the Future Part II. Have you seen that one?
Red Dawn is a great action movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola starred in it?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen that?
Yes, he did directed The Godfather II.
He wrote Undead and Undead and Undead and Unwed.
He also wrote Undead and Unwed, which is a romance novel. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2004. I think you will enjoy it.
You got it! Enjoy!
I know he's a soccer player for Real Madrid C.F.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, Bitterblue.
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like romances?
She was also a teacher and a teacher.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare is a good one
The author is J.K. Rowling.
I think he's a good football player. What's your opinion?
I don't really watch much football but I do enjoy American Football. How about you?
I haven't, but I've heard he's a good quarterback. He's a quarterback.
It was a lot of fun to watch, but the Bills haven't had a chance to go to the field for a long time.
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lost Hero has genre Thriller
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure, Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters, Inc., and Monsters, Inc.
I don't know, but I do know that Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, which is a comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Niccol Machiavelli wrote Inheritance Cycle and The Invisible Man.
The Prince is a Thriller.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Yes, I do! He's a great singer, songwriter, and musician.
Oh yes, I love all of his music. What about you, what is your favorite genre?
I think you will enjoy some of his music. Have a great day!
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear more titles by him?
Then you might also enjoy The Subtle Knife then. It is also crime fiction.
You're welcome!
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and it was released in 2010
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a biographical biography.
Walk the Line was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a fiction book.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell was written by Richard K. Morgan and was released in 1999.
I think she is a very talented singer, but I don't really know much about her. What do you think?
I am not a big fan of her music, but I have heard some of her songs like Valentine's Day, The Giver, and The Giver.
I don't know much about Shakira, other than she does write and sings her music.
She starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is starring Quentin Tarantino. It is a Thriller and is a drama.
Coming of Age is a drama/fantasy/fantasy movie starring Matt Damon and Matt Damon. It is also a comedy.
Yes, Whale Rider is a great actor. I think you will really enjoy it.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1971.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Charles Dickens and William H. Macy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure, Marley & Me is a romantic comedy. Have you seen Marley & Me?
Scream is a horror movie. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, you should check out Nightmare on Elm Street if you like horror movies. It's a great movie.
Sure, it also stars Johnny Depp. It's a drama and a comedy.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The Expendables
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expendables. Would you like me to send it to you?
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Have you heard of it?
The City of Bones is a fantasy, adventure and adventure film.
Great! Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex which is fantasy.
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
Royal Kill stars Zoey Deutch and Robert De Niro.
He is a table tennis player from China.
Do you know any other table tennis players you like?
I don't know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
How about you?
Yes, Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You.
It's a romantic comedy and Matt Damon was also in it. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know who else is in it. Sorry. I don't have that information.
He directed The Skulls and The Skulls.
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend some other films he has starred in such as The Skulls.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It is a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Yes, he was
I don't know much about him other than he is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like cricket?
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta.
You're welcome!
He directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist.
The Tourist is a thriller and The Lives of Others is a thriller.
I am not sure who starred in this movie, but Florian also directed The Tourist and The Tourist.
It was released in 2005. It is a great movie.
The author of The Dead Undead is Frank Darabont. It is also written by him.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I'm a big fan of the Warriors.
I don't know much about him except that he's a basketball player.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player.
Jane Eyre wrote a book called Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes he has written many romance novels including Welcome to Temptation, Waterworld, and Waterworld
Then you'll like The Time Machine
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I didn't know he is a Canadian.
He wrote Boyne: The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
It was written by James Frey. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure. The authoi is a fiction novel that was released in 1985 and was released in 1991.
Yes, he has directed many films such as The Fault in Our Stars, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. It was released in 1600
Yes. Shakespear's Tale is part series by William Shakespeare.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
Yes he is, he is a midfielder and forward as well.
Not really a soccer fan but I'm more of an American Football fan.
Isn't he a tennis player?
It's a tennis player from Belgium.
Isn't she a singer/songwriter?
No, I didn't know she won that award.
That's true. I believe she's also a composer and model.
Do you like Jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was. He also starred in Zookeeper.
You're welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Louis Sachar.
Amelie is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys.
The skulls is a thriller and crime fiction film. Do you like those types of movies?
The skulls was released in 2014 and is written by Steven Spielberg.
Sure, Craig T. Nelson is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. He is also a screenwriter and screenwriter.
I don't know what else he has been in, but he was also in the Thriller, The Passage
You are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I don't really know much about football, but I do know the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I like to watch the Patriots and the Raiders. What about you?
I love Linkin Park, how about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Somewhere I Belong is more of a pop music and I think I have heard of some of their music.
I don't really know much about football but I do enjoy American football. How about you?
That's true. Did you know the Philadelphia Eagles won the Super Bowl XXXXVIII Championship?
The New England Patriots were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like more titles by him?
The Nightingale and The Nightingale are a few more Crime drama novels by him.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, do you like Tom Skerrit because it is a comedy?
It is a drama and a comedy. Do you like dramas?
Garfield also stars in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I am not a huge fan of basketball but I do enjoy watching the NBA finals.
I do. The Nets are on the Eastern Conference and the Barclays Center is the venue for that.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Peter Hyams and starred Tom Hanks?
She is a very talented actress. She was born in New York, New York, and died in New York. She was born in New York.
Ted was a great movie! It also starred Mila Kunis.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Yes, Robin Williams was also in Birdcage. Do you like drama movies?
No, I don't have that information.
I don't know much about the movie, but I do know that Orlando Bloom starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was! He was also in The Golden Compass. Have you seen that one?
Troy Garity is a thriller he was in. Shark Night is also a fantasy movie.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is a thriller?
Sure, he also starred in Wolverine, which is a thriller and a comedy.
Waiting is also a coming of age film also starred Matt Damon and Roscoe Lee Browne.
You're welcome.
True Grit is a war movie. Would you like me to recommend True Grit because it is a family movie?
Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak
Sure, Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak, which is a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Boyhood was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Are you familiar with his work?
He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2003 and is starring Denzel Washington.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
King Kong was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Al Pacino. Do you like his movies?
It is classified as a thriller and a drama. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it was released in 2005, and stars Tom Hanks. I think you'll like it.
I don't know much about them except that they are a sports team
I don't know much about them except that they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but I think they did win Super Bowl XX though.
Sure, Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent.
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Midwife's Dream, which is a fantasy.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Bourne Identity.
The Vow also stars Seth Rogen and Angelina Jolie.
You're welcome.
The Silence of the Lambs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes has been in a number of great films, including Red Dragon, Men in Black, and The Red Dragon. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome
Anything else I can help you with?
The Lion King is one of my favorite movies.
Sure, I would recommend The Lion King, which is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know Hancock was written by Vince Gilligan and starred in it?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness
It is a drama/thriller. Do you like dramas?
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
Isn't he a football player?
oh ok i didnt know Fabrio Capello was also a midfielder.
I don't follow sports much, but I do know Fabrio Capello plays for the France national football team.
That is a great Christmas movie! It was written by Steve McQueen, and stars Steve McQueen.
I don't know much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop singer.
Definitely, South Korea is a great country music studio.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure if they did start there. Is that a place to start?
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Mists of Avalon and many others. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you that Jason Flemyng starred in The Punch.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Thriller and was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is a drama or because it is a family movie?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. It is also a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's an author who wrote Alejandro Amenábar. He's a poet.
He was also a physician, screenwriter, and screenwriter.
No, I don't know much about his films, but I do know that he is also a musician and a musician.
Well, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ziggy Marley is also a composer.
Sure! Epatha Merkerson starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a romantic comedy.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama/thriller. Do you like dramas?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama and The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama. Have you seen this one?
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is an American Author born in Chicago. He wrote The New York Trilogy and The Lone Ranger.
Yes, it is a good read. Steven D. Dubner is also a screenwriter and author.
I haven't, but I have heard of Duanesburg. I haven't read Duanesburg though.
Do you like the author Stephen J. Dubner because he is an author?
Edgar Wright wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was great in that movie. Did you know he was also an actor?
Yes, I do. I love Coldplay, it's a great song!
The Escapist is a drama and a comedy. Do you like dramas?
Sure, I can tell you that there is also a film of the same name written by The Escapist
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Dreams of Gods.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2011 and is in the English language. Are you familiar with this author?
It was released in 2014. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
I didn't know that! What is the name of the basketball movie Blazers?
I have seen him play on TV. I'm more of a basketball fan myself.
Sure, Quentin Tarantino starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rhett Reese. It is a Thriller.
Sure, Grindhouse is starring Quentin Tarantino. It is a thriller and a crime movie.
Do you like Big Fish because it is a family movie?
Kenny Ortega also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions. Anything else I can help you with?
I would recommend The Wedding Date, it is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, Zambezia also starred and starred in X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse.
It is a drama, do you want me to add it to your queue?
You're welcome!
The Nets are a basketball team and the Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
That was a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was a sci-fi movie?
If you like action movies you should also check out Zombieland.
It is a action movie starring Ramon Rodriguez. Do you like action movies?
Sure, do you like it because it is a romance or because it is a drama?
Do you like Voyager because it is a Romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a tennis player.
I'm more of a tennis fan, but I don't follow tennis much.
I have never seen it, but I did know that she is also a model.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It is a comedy and a comedy.
Yes, he was also in The Manchurian Candidate which is a crime drama.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, it was written by Joseph Heller.
She also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know any of the songs, but Christina Perri is a composer and songwriter.
Yes, it was released in the early 2010
You're welcome
He is a great actor. He starred in Taken 2, have you seen that one yet?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's one of my favorites.
No. Mark Boal also wrote The Hurt Locker, which is a thriller.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy and a comedy. Rob Riggle also starred in The Other Guys.
Sure. Rob Riggle also starred in Unaccompanied Minors, which is a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
Sure. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he wrote The Darkest Road and The Darkest Road to name a few
It's a Thriller and was produced by Walt Disney Pictures.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. It was written by John Boyne and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, it was. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Tolstoy was also involved in a movie called Predators, which is a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Twilight was written by Stephanie Meyer. She also wrote The Chemist. Have you read that one?
Yes, she wrote the Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure, The Social Network was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Timberlake. It is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Holden Scott helped write The Social Network. It is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Wild Wild West is a great movie from these films
You're welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an American writer best known for writing David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling wrote The Sweeney and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read those?
Zadie Smith also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is a great book.
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is a Thriller.
The Fog has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller. The Fog has genre Thriller. Do you like those genres?
She's a great actress. She also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a science fiction film.
Escape from New York is a drama/fantasy.
The Fellowship of the Ring is the next book in the series, have you read that one yet?
Women in Love was written by Elizabeth George Speare
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and Lord of the Rings
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by Madeleine L'Engle
A Wrinkle in Time is also a Science Fiction book. It is also a part of a series.
Yes, it is. It was released in the year 1922.
The Maze Runner is a Young-adult fiction book. It's part of a series.
It was released in 1974. It's also a Science Fiction book.
You're welcome!
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Matrix series, have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire has a genre of Thriller.
Swarup was released in 2011.
you're welcome.
Aidan Turner is an American screenwriter who wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you heard of this book?
Aidan Turner also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Thriller
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy drama
The Golden Compass directed by Philip Pullman
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zacharia is a great children's book. Would you like to know more about this?
The Last Colony is actually a book of the same name written by John Scalzi.
Yes, I do. It was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. The Secret History was also written by Donna Tartt
Yes, Dinna Tartt was born in Washington.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was also written by Jojo Moyes, you might also like The Ship of Brides
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green.
He also did Paper Towns, which was written by John Green.
Wow, I didn't know it was released in 2015. I don't have any information on that one.
I'm going to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
I don't know what genre it is. However, I can recommend some other books by Scott Fitzgerald.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tim Miller wrote Deadpool. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Goon is a horror movie starring Denzel Washington. Do you like horror movies?
Some of the Goon movies are The Goon and The Goon movies
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was released in 2000.
I don't have any information on the genre for the movie, but I do know that it is in English.
The Looking Glass Wars is another great fantasy movie starring Alex Angulo.
Sounds great! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide
Yes Kate Nelligan also starred in The Water is Wide and George Carlin was also a film.
The Vampire Chronicles was written by Michael York, did you know that John Green wrote it?
Yes, I do. He wrote , , .
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good book.
I do enjoy dramas. I also like The Last Colony and The Last Colony.
Robert Duvall is a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in No Country for Old Men?
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Wild and starred in it.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also wrote Into the Wild which is an adventure movie.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
Sure, you can try The Miserables 2 or The Last Colony.
You're welcome!
I think he is a very talented singer. I think he's a very talented singer.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she was born in Santo Domeno.
I would agree. I'm more of a Palentin Tarantino fan of hers.
You're welcome!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal.
The coach of the team is Louis van Gaal.
I am not sure but I do know that they won the 2009 PGA Championship.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The author is J. D. Salinger
You're welcome
Sure! She wrote The God of Small Things, which is a great book.
The God of Small Things is a fantasy novel
Yes, it was made into a movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
it was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction.
the book is based on the book was written by Mark Isham
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula.
Nina Auerbach wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Nina Auerbach also wrote a book called The Assassin's Blade.
You're welcome
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor.
He's a great actor. He also starred in The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't follow them much. I think they are a pretty good team though.
Not really a football fan. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
What do you think about the Texans owner or Texans owner?
Julian Glover starred in Winnie-the-Pooh and The Odyssey.
Matthew McConaughey stars in it. Do you like his acting?
It came out in the early 2000's. It's a great movie!
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte, and stars Emily Bronte. It was released in 1847. It's a romantic comedy.
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in the year 2013
The Waves was released in 1931 and is a Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't Maria Sharapova a tennis player?
I don't know much about tennis but I know she is also a model and a model.
I don't know much about football but I do know that he is a tennis player.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Como agua para chocolate was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I don't have any information on what else was released in 1989. However, I can tell you that The Incredibles was also released in 1989.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like The Avengers because it is a superhero movie or because it is a superhero movie?
Yes he wrote X-Men and X-Men 2
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
You're welcome
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Okay. Ryan Gosling also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now, which is a romance film.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Sure, he wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
He was born in Palo Alto.
The Dead Zone is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know if he has acted in any Romance and Crime Fiction Film
Sure, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne which is a romantic comedy
Unfortunately, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tom Hanks also starred in The Simpsons Movie, which is a romantic comedy.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Yes, it is a mystery and also a mystery.
It does star Pierre Perrier as well. It is a thriller.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Pete Carroll and owned by Pete Carroll.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but the Seahawks are a pretty good team though.
I don't know much about the Seahawks. Are there any other sports you enjoy?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli. It was released in 2004.
He also wrote Girl, Interrupted, and The Fault in Our Stargirl.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't really know much about him.
I don't know much about tennis but I heard he's a good tennis player.
What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Sure, do you like the author Mary GrandPre because it is a young adult fiction or because it is a fantasy?
J.K. Rowlings is the author of those books.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was also written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
My favorite team is the Redskins
I don't know much about the Jets.
I don't know much about him. I do know he's married to Gisele F. Scott.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
X-Men 2 was written by Stan Lee. Would you like me to recommend X-Men 2?
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
She wrote The Hiding Place and The Switchblade.
The Hiding Place is a self-help book. It was released in 1960.
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you might enjoy the movie Martial Arts, it is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it yet?
Ok, I will add it to your watch list.
Great, enjoy the movie!
He directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street.
Veronica Roth starred in 22 Jump Street. She is a great actor.
I don't think so, but Channing Tatum was also in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Would you like me to add it to your highness to your Queue?
Yes, she was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like World War Z or X-Men: First Class
Zombieland is starring Xander Berkeley, who also starred in The Last Colony, have you seen it?
I don't know, but I know he was in X-Men: First Class
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other one, but I do know that it was also released in 2005.
You're welcome!
That was written by Little Lord Fauntleroy, who also wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy.
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I would recommend We Were Soldiers, it is also Speculative fiction.
Sure, A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Then you'll like To Kill a Mockingbird, The Time Machine and The Time Machine
A Farewell to Have and Have Not was released in 1989. It is a Romance and Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day was written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand.
James Franco is one of the stars in Year One.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, how about you?
The Green Lantern was written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like movies with Stephen King in them?
The Walking Dead is a great one by Stephen King. Have you seen it yet?
There is a sequel to X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes she was in Seven Sons too. She also starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Baschet wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information when he started his career. He is a comedian.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You're welcome.
It's a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and starred Al Pacino.
I don't have any information on other suspense movies, but I can tell you that Tommy Lee Jones starred in The Hobbit and The Hobbit.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the Dictator because it is a thriller?
It is a Thriller and is a drama. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a spy genre. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome!
He's a great actor. He's a famous author. He wrote The dumas and The Dumas.
Yes, he was the only writer of the Three Musketeers that I know of.
The Count of Monte Cristo was released in 1844, the same year as The Three Musketeers.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Little Friend and The Time Machine as well as The Time Machine.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it but did you know Peter Capaldi is also an actor and a director?
Great, I think you will enjoy it
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
Yes there is The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins is a sequel
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like the Hunger Games because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Then you might also like Catch-22 which is a thriller you might like.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked Appetite Movie and Wicked Appetite
Walking Disaster has a genre of Thriller.
I don't know any murder mystery, but I do know it was released in the year 2013
You're welcome
Sure, did you like The Matrix Reloaded because it was a Sci-Fi movie or because it was a sci-fi movie?
Keanu Reeves is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
John Wick also stars Keanu Reeves. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her, but I do know she composed Titanium. Do you like her music?
Yes, she did win the MTV Video Music Award for choreography.
Yes, Australia is on the bucket list. I think she will make a lot of choices for her.
Lana Wachowski was in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure about it, but I'm sure you'll like it
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Then you might enjoy The Secret Life of Bees by Richelle Mead. Have you read it?
Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was also written by Richelle Mead, it is a great read!
Yes, he did
Sure! Did you like Mission: Impossible because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
Sure! You might also like the sequel, The Lego Movie, or the sequel, The Lego Movie.
Yes, he starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted. He also starred in Ted.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, she wrote The Subtle Knife and The Glass Castle. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Modern Prometheus was written by Maurice Hindle and released in 1818
Yes, they were written in English. I think you will enjoy them.
Sure, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Name of the Wind and The Invisible Man.
It was released in 1856. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I am not a huge fan, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about football, but I know they are in the National Football League in Charlotte, NC.
I don't know much about any sports, but I do know that Charlotte Hornets is a professional American football team based in Charlotte, NC.
There is a sequel to Toy Story, including Toy Story and Toy Story 2.
Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3. Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks
Will be happy to help out! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, I will send it now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
Sure thing! Blade Runner stars Keanu Reeves, Scott Bakula, and Robert De Niro. It was released in 2011.
William Sanderson also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a science fiction film
It's very entertaining. It's more of a crime fiction, but it's more of a crime movie.
Bood Diamond starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a great movie.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen this one?
I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Way is a drama and drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Wimmer and starred Keanu Reeves. Would you like to see it?
Then you'll like Zombieland, X-Men and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Then you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Steven Spielberg or because it was a Thriller?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Last Man.
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of her. I am a huge fan of her. I am a huge fan of hers.
I am not sure, but I know she has a good voice. One of my favorite songs from her is What's Your Number.
Did you know that Lady Gaga is also an actress and an actress?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
It was released in 1987. It is a speculative fiction book.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it's in English.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
It is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the Untouchables because it is a Crime Fiction movie?
Yes, Capone is a drama and crime movie. Another mafia movie is Untouchables.
It is a great movie. Did you know it was also a movie?
The French Connection is a drama and crime fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome
I have not, but I know it was written by Natalie Portman and was released in 2011.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a drama
Yes, I would recommend X-Men 2 and World War Z
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005
You're welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure if it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction, but it's also considered a Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like this genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is another fantasy movie you might like.
It was written by J.K. Rowling and stars Emma Watson.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She also wrote The Wedding Date.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night has a genre of Romance and Comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue.
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is also written by Kristin Cashore
You're welcome
She wrote a book called The Search.
The Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1943
Yes it was
Isn't he a football player?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What about you?
Yes, David Fincher is an American filmmaker, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. Do you like his work?
Yes, I have seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. Isn't David Fincher the one that I mentioned?
Sure, David Fincher directed The Peabody Award and the MTV Video Music Award.
Sure, Embeth also starred in Shackleton which is a drama.
Kevin McNally is also in Shackleton.
It was released in 2010
William Goldman is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote The Complete Maus and The Complete Maus. Have you seen any of these?
He wrote a lot of good literature. He also wrote A Modest Proposal and A Modest Proposal.
The Avengers: Age of Ultron is a good one.
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote White Oleander and The Assassin's Blade.
I would recommend The Truth About Forever by Sebastian Schipper. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Stan Lee. Do you like any of them?
Yes, she is married to Emma Stone. She was also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, Rashida Jones did star in The Social Network. Are you familiar with her?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Secrets of a Fire King. Are you familiar with that novel?
Then you will like Things Fall Apart. It was written by Chinua Achebe
No, I did not see it. It is a good movie.
You are welcome have a good day
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in Django Unchained.
Your welcome.
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, Tuesdays with Morrie, Tuesdays with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesdays with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrieriet
Tuesdays has genre Memoir
Tuesdays with Morrie is a Non fiction book you might like
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Keanu Reeves, and Laurence Fishburne.
I'm not a huge fan of that genre. Isn't that a romantic comedy?
Isn't Echoes of Silence a song?
I don't think so, but Echoes of Silence has a similar feel
I do! It was written by John Grisham, and it is a Thriller.
I would recommend X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Brethren was released in 2003. It's a suspense thriller.
The Scarlatti Inheritance is the most popular novel by him.
Yes there is. The Vanished Man is written in English.
You're welcome.
It was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
Then you might also enjoy The Cat in the Hat, The Cat in the Hat, and The Cat in the Hat.
Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are good choices.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he's also a singer?
Do you like Maroon 5 because Maroon 5 is a singer?
I'm not a huge X Factor fan, but X Factor is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a sci-fi/fantasy. It's also a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. It's a great movie.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Then you might also like Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, Anthony Hopkins starred in Waterworld, The Sparrow, and The Invisible Man. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know Anthony Hopkins is in that movie, but he is also in The Wedding Date
It was released in 2004.
He was also in the movie Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass, which is a great book.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman: The Endless Nights of Dreams.
He was influenced by Richard Linklater, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Yes, it is a children's literature, and it was released in 1971.
I hope you enjoy it.
Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson stars in a romance, comedy, and adventure film. It's also a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Great! You'll enjoy those films!
The main star of Under the Skin is Scarlett Johansson. It's also a drama and a comedy.
Under the Skin was released in 2004. It's a great movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a very good movie. Did you know it was written by Stephen King?
Uma Thurman is a great actress. She starred in Vol. 1 and also in Vampire Academy.
Yes, Uma Thurman is in Vol. 1 and also starred in V for Vendetta.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't know much more about them.
I don't know much about him other than he was a captain of the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Robert Duvall starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle with Farrah Fawcett and Valerie Tian.
Sure, you might also like The Last Colony and The Last Colony.
Christina Perri is an American poet born in Chicago
no i didnt know that. what else do you like?
Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years is starring Hilary Swank.
i hope you enjoy it. what is your favorite?
I think he's a pretty good singer, but I don't really know much about him.
I don't really know anything about Justin Timberlake, but I do know he was married to Hailey Baldwin.
That's a great one. I think I'll have to check it out.
The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
He was in The Fellowship of the Ring and The Hobbit.
Christopher Lee also starred in The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Then you will definitely like The Titan's Curse of Labyrinth.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
Sure! He also directed The Simpsons Movie, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Then you might also like The Simpsons Movie. It's the first one of my favorites.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked, White Hot Kiss and Wicked Appetite.
Yes, Wicked was also a play written by Jennifer L. Armentrout.
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout also wrote Requiem for a Dream.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon which was released in 2011.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Braveheart which is a historical drama.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you read those?
The Bone Clocks was released in 2014 and it is in English. Have you seen it?
The Bone Clocks was released in 2014 and it is in English. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Sure, James Gunn directed The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Super is a great movie. James Gunn also directed X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Sure, Zach Gilford also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a romantic comedy.
Okay, enjoy the movies!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice which is a Historical Novel.
Yes, The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra was released in 1606.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie! It's a great movie! It's a great movie!
I haven't seen him yet, but I'll check it out.
Yes, have you seen Gravity or Inception?
You're welcome
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Sam Smith starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
There was a popular one released in 2016 called The Thrill of It with Sam Smith.
I don't know any artist like Pray, I know a lot about him. I'm not sure if he's an artist like him.
I'm more of a rock fan myself. I'm more of a rock fan. What about you?
He wrote рестуление инакаание and накаание.
It was released in 1847
Throne of Glass was released in 1971
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, isn't he a Brazilian professional footballer?
I don't know much about him except that he was born in Sao Paulo.
I don't know much about her, but I know she's also a Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which was a very popular book.
James Franco is also in it. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome.
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What about you?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know other books by her?
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
The Pacifier is a thriller and The Pacifier is a thriller.
Underdog is a thriller and The Pacifier is a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
City of God is a drama and crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Seu Jorge and Seu Jorge.
He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou which is a thriller.
He wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
Sure, you might also like Catch-22. It is a great young adult fiction.
Sure. The White Stag is another good book by Jay Asher. It is a teen fiction.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 1981.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
City of Lost souls was released in 2011.
You Are Not So Smart is a book you might like.
Sure! The Historian was written by Silvia Colloca. It's a great novel.
I don't know much about suspense, but I can tell you it was written by William Steig.
Without Fail is written by David Fincher. It is a thriller and was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the book because it is a speculative fiction?
Did you like the movie Help because it was a drama?
Yes, he was in it as well. Did you know that Zoey Deutch starred in it?
What's Your Number is a drama/crime and drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
I don't have that information, but there is one that comes up in the same series that comes up for you.
Yes, he stars in it as well.
You're welcome!
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
Kristen Stewart starred in Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
The Brothers Grimm also wrote War Horse, have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan and it's part of a series. The next book in the series is The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the music, but I do know that The Weeknd is not too boring.
The Muppets is a great movie, did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in it?
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy that also stars Selena Gomez.
I don't know much about her, but I know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Will Smith is a great actor. He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, Michael Ealy was also in it as well. It's a great movie.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Then you'll like That Thing You Do! It's a good movie.
Yes Man is a great movie, I think you'll like it if you liked it.
Yes, Evan Goldberg is a director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
Great, Emma Watson also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen that?
This is the End has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avil is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few.
I don't know any other movies that John G. Avil starred in but Sylvester Stallone wrote The Matrix series.
I am not sure who starred in the Last Dragon, but Sylvester Stallone wrote it.
Yes, she is. She is a great actress.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
The Queen of Attolia is a war movie
The Looking Glass Wars is a similar movie
There are 3
Yes, this movie is directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. Would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It was also written by Jean M Auel
The Shelters of Stone was released in 1993 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Then you'll like Zoe's Tale. It was written by John Scalzi and is a great book.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Derek Jacobi
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life, which is a thriller.
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
He is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Serena Williams is also a Tennis player.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know he is also a Tennis player.
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Golden State Warriors.
Space Jam was a great movie. Did you see Bill Murray on that movie?
That was a great movie. I think Ivan Reitman was in it too. Did you know that?
I am not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. Are you a Patriots fan?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
The Lightning is a fantasy.
The Looking Glass Wars is written by Rick Riordan
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
This Side of Paradise was originally published in 1851 and is in the English language.
He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is a great author. He wrote a lot of thrillers and thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
You might be interested in hearing about similar writers like Kristin Scott Thomas.
Robin Cook is an American novelist, writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer and producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer producer
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a great movie.
Yes he does. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand
I don't know any other songs by him, but I do know that he's married to Haha, Haha.
Yes, it was a song by Ed Sheeran
I don't know if he wrote anything, but he's a celebrity friend to Tyga
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. She also wrote Siddhartha.
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Brooks.
He has also written The Subtle Knife and The Thief of Always.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you'll like The Return of the King
He's a great actor. He's also an award winner.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. He also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins.
The Perfect Game was written by Suzanne Collins.
I don't know any other films filmed in Mexico, but The Girl on the Train was filmed there.
I do! He's a great singer. I love his music. Do you like his music?
I do like her fathers music, but I don't know much about her. What about you?
I do. I love her music. My favorite song of hers is Whatcha Say.
I do! He's a great director. He's starred in The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like her acting?
I don't know any other movies, but I do know David O. Russell starred in The Hangover which is a comedy
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1985. It's a great book.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama
You might like The Manchurian Candidate by Christopher Bigsby
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, Marisa Tomei also starred in The Wedding Date
I don't know any of her movies, but if you like Marisa Tomei also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse
Yes, it is a great movie. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He directed The Legend of Tarzan and The Colditz Story. Have you seen those?
He also directed Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a very popular film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Illustrated Man and The Illustrated Man.
The Looking Glass Wars is a similar book
You're welcome
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. He also starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic and Roscoe Lee Browne. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The power of the lead character is a Thriller/Romance.
That was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Yes, we were Liars is in English. The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is in English.
You're welcome.
Interstellar stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
If you like Interstellar, you might also like Zombieland. It is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know who stars in this movie, but I do know it was released in 2013
Then you might also like Zombieland, which is a sci-fi film.
Isn't he a singer/songwriter from Nashville?
I don't know, but I don't know what genre of music do you like?
I don't know, but I don't really know what genre of music do you like?
He directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I don't know much about Equilibrium, but I do know it was written by Kurt Wimmer and starred Christian Bale.
Great, I think you will really enjoy it. It is a drama that also stars Emily Watson
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sidney Lumet is a writer, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote The Twitts and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you heard of those?
I don't know any other books by him but I do know that Sidney also wrote Thriller
Crime is a fiction
The Selection was written by Kiera Cass. She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard.
The Selection is also written by Kierra Cass, which is also a Young-adult fiction.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Richard Linklater wrote WALL-E which is a romantic comedy.
It is also a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Okay, enjoy!
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon.
He did direct The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen those?
That's right! He was also in My Own Private Idaho, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I'm sure there's a lot of other movies you might enjoy!
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and What Happened to Goodbye.
He is an American writer best known for his work When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. He was born in SantaLand Diaries. He was born in SantaLand in SantaLand Diaries. Have you heard of it?
Flannery O'Connor was influenced by David Sedaris. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Sure, it was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure! E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, which was released in 2014.
It's a great book. It was released in 2014. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain is a historical novel.
Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain is written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome
I don't know much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop singer.
I don't know much about their song, but I do know that they are friends with Selena Gomez.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
He is a table tennis player from China.
He did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 is by Mooyaart-Doubleday.
It is in English
I don't know anything about Eleanor Roosevelt, but he was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You're welcome
Did you like that movie because it was starring Leonardo DiCaprio or because it was a drama?
Goodfellas is a drama. Do you like Robert De Niro because it is a drama?
Sure, do you like Leonardo DiCaprio or Robert DeNiro?
What Just Happened is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. what else can i do for you?
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You're welcome
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a drama?
Brad Pitt plays Lies Beneath. He also starred in Troy which is a drama
What Lies Beneath was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I don't watch much football but I do know that Wyc Grousbeck owns the Boston Celtics.
Not a big sports fan, but I do enjoy the Lakers.
He's a great player. I think he's also a point guard.
I do! He starred in The Pianist and The Pianist. Have you seen either?
Yes Jason Statham is great in that movie. He was also in The Mists of Avalon
Yes, Simon West has great reviews about movies he has directed
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature and is a children's literature.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, Tom McCarthy starred in Independence Day. Did you know that?
You're welcome
Basher Savage starred in Gravity which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gravity was released in 2009. I don't have that information.
Gravity was released in 2013. Alfonso Cuarón also directed Gravity.
Aeon Flux is another good Sci-Fi movie you might like
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Las Vegas, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas fan myself.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I'm more of a Dallas fan myself.
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale.
Yes, The Prestige is also starring Scarlett Johansson
Rebecca Hall has starred in a lot of great films such as X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
You are welcome, enjoy!
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It's a war novel.
Catch 22 is a satire and was released in 2002.
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It is a satire and was released in 1961.
You're welcome
P.C. Cast wrote Untouhable and Untouhables.
It was released in 2005. It's about a young girl, who is looking for a young girl.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I do! It's a great book by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
It is. It was also made into a movie.
I agree. Did you know that Zadie Smith also wrote A Christmas Carol?
You are welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Cars 2 was released in 1999. He also directed Cars 2 along with John Lasseter.
Peter Jacobson has a voice over over. He was also a voice over actor. He was also a voice over actor.
You're welcome!
He's a great boxer, but I don't really know much about him. What do you think?
She starred in Ocean's Eleven which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
Yes, Denzel Washington is talented. I think you will really enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
I don't really know much about the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about the redskins, but I think they were runner up in Super Bowl XLV
That was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
That is correct. Wyrd Sisters was released in 1978.
Have you read Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad
He's on the Golden State Warriors.
He is a basketball player.
I don't think so, but he is pretty tall
You're welcome
Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Fault in Our Stars.
If you liked that one, you should definitely check out The Silence of the Lambs. It also stars Matthew Cowles.
You're welcome!
I am not a huge fan of that genre, but I do like the action/adventure aspect of it.
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in it as well.
Shia Lebouf also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. What do you think of him?
Not really a basketball fan. What about you?
Yes, the Bulls were released in the 90s.
Sure, Hush Hush was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote The Nutty Professor. Have you read that?
Yes it is a series
Yes it is a romance novel
Great, I hope you enjoy them
You too!
Justin Rose is a golfer from London.
I don't know much about golf but I do know that Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I have seen Happy Gilmore, isn't Adam Sandler in any other movies?
I don't know much about the Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but I do know that the Miami Dolphins is owned by David Nicholls.
I don't know much about their team, but I do know that they are a good team though
Yes, he wrote Rayuela de mis putas tristes
Rayuela was released in 1960 and is in the English language. It was released in English.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga
Yes, she was also in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
The Giver was written by Anne-Marie and is about a boy who is in love with his wife.
Are you referring to the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't have any information on what else I can do for you. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome
He starred in Truman Capote, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I don't think so. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Truman Capote. You should definitely watch it.
Sure, Nathan Greno starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. It's a family film.
Of course! You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he was. He also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a great movie.
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne. He's a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is also a Sci-Fi movie. Steven Speilberg also wrote The Goonies, which is a thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can recommend other movies by Steven Speilberg you might like.
A Beautiful Mind is a drama starring Denzel Washington. Do you like dramas?
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in What's Your Number?, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It is starring Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Al Pacino.
I don't think so, but he did write The Godfather: Part III.
He has starred in many films, including The Godfather: Part III and The Godfather II.
Witless Protection is a thriller and also stars Al Pacino.
Sure! Witless Protection is also a thriller and stars Al Pacino. Al Pacino also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a thriller.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino, Joss Whedon, and Al Pacino.
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer.
Some of her most popular albums are Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga, and Lady Gaga
I am not a huge fan of their music, but I know they are very popular in the music industry.
I personally enjoy their music, but I don't know much about them. What is your favorite song?
I don't know much about their music, but I'm familiar with their new music. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in a number of movies, including Winnie-the-Pooh and The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen any of those?
Pete Doctor also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
He was also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Incredibles 2.
Tyrone Giordano also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know any other movies she was in but I do know that he was also in The Wedding Singer.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar and The Journals of Sylvia Plath are all written by her.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm not sure what his most popular song is, but Michael Jackson was influenced by Michael Jackson, who was such a talented man.
I don't know much about it, but I heard he's a good singer.
It's about a man who runs a horse and a horse. It's a great movie.
Sure, Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool has a genre of Thriller, Comedy, and Drama.
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander but Ryan Reynold directed Zoolander.
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe.
It's a great book! It was released in 1513. It's a classic!
I don't have any information on History related books, but I do know it was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli, and was released in 1513.
He wrote I Am Number Four and The Imitation Game.
Marina was released in 2014. It was released in 2014.
Yes, it is written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple which was also a book. Have you read it?
The Color Purple was released in 1985
The Color Purple is a musical theater theater movie, starring Selena Gomez, is a musical theater movie
It was written by Christoper Nolan and has a genre of thriller.
James Franco is the main star of Memento. He is also a director.
You're welcome
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
I don't know much about Real Madrid, other than he is a midfielder and forward.
I like Arsenal as well, they are a good team
Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was written by John Green or because it was a romantic comedy?
He is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
The World According to Garp is a Fiction Novel.
It was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Are you familiar with either?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. She also starred in The Lorax, which is a great movie.
Sure. Treasure Planet is a Thriller/Romance starring Kyla Pratt and Roscoe Lee Browne. It is a Thriller.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Sure, Ocean's Thirteen is starring Denzel Washington. Do you like the same actor?
The Fight Club is a drama/fantasy/fantasy/fantasy starring Brat Pit is a drama/fantasy. Do you like dramas?
I don't know a comedy but I do know it was released in 1999
Brad Pitt is a great actor, actor, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. He is also a screenwriter and a screenwriter.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might enjoy Wild Wild West or Wild Wild West. They are also Romantic films.
It is a Romantic film. You might also like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Isn't he an athlete on the India national cricket team?
Yes, it is a popular sport you might like.
He was born in Nagpur, India. He was also born in Nagpur.
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know that the Los Angeles Lakers are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I think he is a good coach, but he's also a coach.
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote Unbroken: A House of Night Novel which is also written by Louis Sachar.
It's a great book club. I think you'll enjoy it.
He's a basketball player. He's a point guard.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know that he is also a professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors.
They are in the NBA and the NBA is a good choice
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar and Vulgar
Sure. Vulgar is a comedy and drama, released in 2005.
Sure. Vulgar is not only a person, but a person, a person, a person, a person, and a person. You're welcome.
Kevin Smith is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know much about soccer, i know nothing about it, what sports do you like?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is a speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Sure, a few you might enjoy are; Wizard's First rule, Wizard's First rule, Wizard's First rule and Wizard's First rule.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It is a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know if he has written Fiction novels, but he did write The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It is a fiction novel.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
He is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know he was born in Houston?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's a great quarterback. He's a quarterback too. He's a quarterback.
I don't know much about him except that he's a boxer.
Yes, he was also a good boxer.
I didn't know that. I know he is also a boxer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds
It was written by Philip Pullman.
It is a Thriller and Science Fiction, I would recommend it.
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Then you might want to check out The Time Machine or The Invisible Man. Have you seen those?
Sure. Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi.
Great! I think you will enjoy both of them.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield. Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
I am not sure but I can tell you that Emma Stone won Academy Award for Best Picture of the Year
How to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dal carnegie. It was released 1936.
How about How to Win Friends and Influence People?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer is another good one.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Jack Reacher is a horror movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like horror films?
Then you might also like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt. It is a thriller.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Kate Winslet.
I do! He's one of my favorite artists. I love his music.
I don't know much about him other than he is a Musician.
You got it, I recommend you check out Mama Tambien.
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a family movie?
Have you seen Ratatouille? It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Se7en is a thriller and stars Brad Pitt. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a crime Thriller.
I don't have that information, but David Fincher also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a crime fiction.
Great. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
I have not, but I have heard it's a great book!
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was also written in English.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she's a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
I like Stronger. What about you? What is your favorite song?
I don't know if she has any other celebrity fans, but I do know that she is a great singer.
Yes, I do. I love reality TV.
I would recommend City of Fallen Angels because it is a good book.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
She also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Mortal Instruments: The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
Sure, Terry George directed The Sworn Sword and The Secrets of a Fire King.
Hotel Rwanda has a genre of drama, crime, drama, and adventure.
The other Boleyn girl starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a drama/thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama.
Sure, The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. It is also a film.
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Zoey Deutch
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle was released in 2005. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
The Castle was released in 1958. It's a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
The Goonies is his latest one, have you seen it?
Catch Me If You Can has a genre of Thriller. Catch Me If You Can has a genre of Thriller.
Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of these?
I am not sure if it was a movie, but it was turned into a movie
You're welcome!
Kiera Cass has written The Siren, The Queen, and The Queen.
The Selection is a thriller and The Queen is fiction. Do you like fiction?
The Queen is definitely a good book for her. It has a genre of fantasy as well.
Sure, The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
He also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
He has also produced The Modern Prometheus and The Modern Prometheus.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, I do. It was written by John Green and it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is in the Young-adult fiction genre.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a big basketball fan?
Yes he was, he was also a point guard as well.
Yes, they have become a point guards as well.
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner and stars Tom Wilkinson. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes I have. It is a great book.
Sure, do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or because it is a action movie?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Rise of the Planet of the Apes is also a film.
Volcano was released in 2015 and stars Denzel Washington. It is also a Thriller.
I have not, but I have seen the movie Moulin Rouge. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It also stars Morgan Freeman.
Missy Eliot is the lead in the movie, Moulin Rouge.
You're welcome
I know he's a soccer player for the Portugal national football team and he's a forward.
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan.
I don't know much about sports but I do enjoy American Football. What about you?
Then you might also like the american football team the San Francisco 49ers.
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I think they will win the Super Bowl this year.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is romance?
Have you seen X-Men: Apocalypse?
That's right! Rodney Dangerfield also starred in A Christmas Carol, which is also a comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
That's a great movie. Did you know Steve Carel also starred in The Princess Diaries? It's a great movie.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007 and was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome!
I know he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't really know much about him other than Jason Derulo is a singer
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is married to Jordin Sparks
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2009. It's a great book. You should definitely watch it.
Sure, Ender's Game was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Speaker for the Dead.
Speakers of the Dead is also Speculative fiction and Speculative fiction
Waylander is written by William Shakespeare
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Aladdin
You're welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Lady Gaga recently released You and You as well. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen it?
I love Coldplay! Do you like it because it is a band?
Do you like this one because it is a romantic comedy?
Yes they did. Amsterdam was a great place to start.
Sure, Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. also starred Al Pacino. It is a comedy.
Yes, she is in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
The Prophet falls under the genre of Thriller. what else can i do for you?
it was released in 1985. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Justin Timberlake is an American singer-songwriter who has starred in many films including The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity.
Justin Timberlake is a singer, actor, singer, and actor. One of the most popular songs of his is Apocalypse Now.
It is a pop music and pop genre. Do you like that type of music?
I don't know much about him, other than he's a celebrity. Are you a fan of his?
It is a fiction book
It came out in 2010
I would recommend checking it out.
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama
William Joyce wrote The Wolverine, I am not sure.
You are welcome
Red stars Morgan Freeman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Sure, The Last Dragon is starring Mike Starr. It's a drama, do you like drama?
Rick Riordan wrote it. It's a great movie.
It was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but Stephen Hunter also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse which is a thriller.
Yes, he did. The O.C. is a Thriller and The Lost Symbol are two of my favorites.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Then you might also enjoy Catch-22. It's a crime movie.
I don't know who stars in it, but it is a crime movie.
Sure, Maleficent is starring Matt Damon and was written by J.K. Rowling.
Sure, she also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mr. and Mrs Smith was in the movie Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
I didn't see that one, but I'll check it out.
Yes, Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. He was also in The Glass House and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
He plays midfielder and forward.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team. He's also a forward.
Isn't he a player on the Portugal national football team?
It is a soccer player from Spain.
yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Would you like to know more about it?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a romantic comedy.
I love Bill Murray, he is a great actor.
Great, enjoy the movie!
I don't know that one, but I do know that it's a romantic comedy.
I like a lot of comedy, but I'm not sure what genre it is. Do you like comedy?
I like murder mystery too. I think you will enjoy it too.
I haven't seen Pacifier, but I haven't seen it yet.
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of those?
She's written a lot of books in the romance genre. She's also a film producer, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. She's also a screenwriter and screenwriter.
Beautiful Creatures has a genre of Thriller. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team but I don't know much more about the Yankees.
He is from New York in the United States of America.
Yes, it was written by Dan Brown. It's a Thriller.
I don't know who produced it, but he did write it.
I don't know what else he produced, but he did write Inside Out.
I am not sure but I do know it was released in 2012.
It is a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and more. Do you like any of those actors?
Yes, Robin Williams is also in Good Will Hunting.
Yes, The People Speak is a romantic comedy and The People Speak is a drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
I did like Joe Montana, he is a great player. I like the Patriots though, do you like them?
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I think the Seahawks have had a chance to win that one.
The Throne of Fire and The Assassin's Blade are similar to The Throne Birds.
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor.
Oprah Winfrey also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome.
Dark Lover was written by J.R. Ward and it is a vampire novel. Do you like vampire novels?
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Then you'll like The Mist and The Maze Runner. It is also considered a sci-fi thriller.
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale and X-Men: First Class.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in The Last Colony and The Last Colony.
It's a great horror film starring Simon McBurney.
I'm not sure what genre it is. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion has a great cast of actors like Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
I don't have any information on anything else she's been in. However, I can recommend some other thrillers.
You're welcome!
He's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She has starred in Cadillac Records, which is a romantic comedy.
Lady Gaga is a talented singer. I think she's also an actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper was also a musician?
Will Smith also starred in The Muppets, it is a really good movie.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that one?
It's a non-fiction. It's part of a series written by Martin Gardner.
Yes, Victor J Stenger also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You're welcome
Do you like the Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers because it is a fantasy?
He also starred in Troy, Troy, and Troy.
Zodiac is a drama based movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, other than she's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
I like Caddyshack too. Did you know Adam Sandler was also in that movie?
Yes, I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you see it?
He directed The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller and The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Pelican Brief was released in 1999 and is a drama/fantasy. Do you like dramas?
I don't have any more information on that one but I can tell you it is also a crime/action film.
Sure, do you like Juno because he is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
I would recommend The Hangover or The Hangover. Both are young adult films.
It is a comedy and a comedy.
Bradley Cooper stars in The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper starred in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower, which is a comedy drama
I don't know if he's in any comedy movies, but if you like comedy movies you should check out Zoolander and Zoolander.
The Light Between Oceans was written by M.L. Stedman.
Yes, The Light Between Oceans was released in 2012.
Sure there is The Darkest Road and The Darkest Road to name a few.
Yes it is a great movie you should watch it.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
John Green is the author of Lullaby.
I don't have any information on any other books he wrote, but if you are looking for something similar to Pride and Prejudice, he is a great author.
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
Did you know that Tate Donovan also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Peter Gallagher also starred in The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one yet?
It's a great movie! It also stars Josh Brolin. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it is a family movie?
Then you might like Catch-22. It was also written by Sylvester Stallone. Have you seen it?
Undisputed is a martial arts film and martial arts film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like Romance films?
If you are looking for something similar to historical period drama, you should check out The Invisible Man and The Invisible Man.
It was released in 1926.
You're welcome
I didn't know he's a basketball player, but I did know he's a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about him except if he won the NBA All-Rookie Team.
What is your favorite team?
Wasn't he in the 2010 NBA Finals?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and stars Tom Hardy.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon. It was released in 2001.
Sure, do you like Marlon Brando or Marlon Brando?
Captain EO is a drama and crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Apocalypses Now is a great movie! Apocalyps Now is a great movie!
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie
I do! She's a great singer. I love her music.
Do you like it because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
I don't know much about his music, but I do know that James Newton also starred in The Amazing Spiderman.
Private Benjamin and Private Benjamin is a Parody
You're welcome.
Meg Cabot wrote The Secrets of a Fire King and The Great Gatsby.
Underworld is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't know any other books by her. However, I do know that she is a Canadian author born in Ottawa.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Insomnia has a genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Crime. Do you like those genres?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend War. It is a Thriller. It is a Thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can recommend it for you.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie-the-Pooh and V for Vendetta. Have you seen either of those?
Winnie the Pooh also starred in How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Saving Grace was released in 1985.
Isn't Simona Halep a tennis player?
I don't know much about tennis but I did know she was born in Bogota.
Isn't Victoria Azarenka a tennis player?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Yea, he was a really good coach, and he was a runner up in Super Bowl XLI.
It seems to be a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
127 Hours is a drama/crime movie. Other movies that you might like are The Last Samurai, The Reunion, and The Last Samurai.
James Franco also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
If you like James Franco, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Tom Hardy also starred in it?
It is a Thriller/Romance
You're welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player from Dehli?
It's more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Aside from Virat Kohli, he's also a cricket player.
The Chronicles of Narnia was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair.
It's a fantasy, fantasy, and fantasy.
No problem, enjoy!
Peter pan was written by J.M. Barrie. He wrote Peter pan.
The Lord of the Rings was also released that same year.
Sure, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was also made into a Musical Film
It's a great book!
Sure, The Sea Wolf was written by Frank Beddor and was released in 1904
The Sea Wolf was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
He wrote рат арамаов and ос.
Eecbl was also written by Richard Pevear.
I'm not sure but Eecbl was released in the same year.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods was written by Lauren Kate, and starred Tom Hanks.
Kristen Connolly wrote it. She also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen 2012 but I do know that it is a drama/thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Did you like the movie because it was a superhero movie?
Sure, he also directed Superman: Apocalypse Now
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
2006 was the year that released A Scanner Darkly
The Blind Side has a genre of Thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
I would recommend World War Z. It is a Biographical Film if you like Biographies.
Into the Wild is a Biographical Film starring Sean Penn and Sean Penn. It is about a family who runs a ranch and falls in love with a family.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Venus Williams is a great tennis player, do you like her sister Serena?
I don't follow tennis much but I do know Venus is also ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
Venus has a doubles partner, Serena.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt and is a superhero movie. Have you seen it?
Woman in Gold has a genre of Thriller. Would you like to see either of those?
Yes, she was great in The Other Boleyn Girl. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like it because it is a mystery or a crime movie?
It was directed by Ridley Scott.
James Franco is one of the stars in it.
It came out in 2005.
I haven't seen Superman Returns. what else can i answer for you?
it is a Thriller. do you like any other movies
oh ok i didnt know that. do you like him?
yes Tom Hank is also in that movie.
do you like it because it's a thriller?
you're welcome
Do you like the Deception Point because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Techno-thriller has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you?
Sure, do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
The Wide Window has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. Would you like to know more about this?
OK. Let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, you are correct. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Outlander is written by Steven Spielberg and is a speculative fiction. Do you like his work?
She also wrote The Invisible Man and The Fault in Our Stars.
The Own Heart's Blood is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Drums of Autumn is the first book of the Outlander series. Drums of Autumn is the second book in the Outlander series.
I think he's a good soccer player but I don't really follow soccer much.
I don't know much about football, but I do know he's also a midfielder.
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie. I'm not sure if Hayden Panettiere also starred in The Titans.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day.
Independence Day has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Gary Ross directed Wyatt Earp.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know that she starred in The Incredibles?
I like Selena Gomez. She's a great singer.
Michael Jackson is a favorite of mine. My favorite song of his is Thrillers.
I like the New York Jets, but I'm not a huge fan of the New York Jets.
I don't know much about football but I do know that the Jets are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about football but I do know that the New York Jets is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yes, Guy Ritchie wrote Snatch, Snatch, and Snatch.
Sure, it was released in 2015 and is a thriller/thriller/fantasy.
Sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, I have heard of BTS, I know they are a TS professional TS professional TS professional TS professional TS professional TS professional TS professional TS professional trictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictrictric I have heard of BTS. I have heard of them.
OMG, I love Tobey Maguire, who is one of my favorite artists.
Definitely! The hype is a lot of fun to watch. The hype is a lot of fun to watch.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, and Deadpool. Are you interested in any of his movies?
I don't think so, he was also in X-Men: First Class.
Eminem is a rapper. Do you like rappers?
Yes, they are both friends with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did compose Romeo and Juliet, it is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Shelley Duvall starred in The Virgin Blue, The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Time Bandits is a comedy/drama film that was released in 2003.
It is a comedy/drama starring Shelley Duvall and was released in 2003.
I don't have any information on her but I can tell you it is a Romantic Comedy.
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was produced by Michael Bay. I don't know much about him.
It is a drama. Do you like Dwayne Johnson?
You should check it out it's very interesting.
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer for the Mumbai Indians.
Not really, I know a little about him. I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about football but I do know that Rohit Sharma is a cricketer.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I think the commercials will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream, The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
No, she was not in Babysitting but she was also in Little Rascals. Have you seen that one?
I don't know any other actors in that movie, but I do know that Lea Thompson was also in The Little Rascals which is a romantic comedy.
I'm sure you will love it. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Machine
Time Traveler's Wife is a Traveler's Wife.
Stanlee was written by Audrey Niffenegger. She also wrote Winter's Tale.
Sure, she starred in a lot of movies. She's a great actress. She was also in V for Vendetta. Have you seen that one?
Memento is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Scorpion King.
He also wrote The Darkest Road and The Darkest Road.
Added to your watch list.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they're coached by Mike McCarthy.
I don't know much about the Kansas City Chiefs, but my favorite team is the Redskins. What about you?
I don't know much about the current head coach, Mike McCarthy.
I don't know much about the Cowboys.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Yes, that's a great book! It was written by Victor Hugo and is a great read.
I'm not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote The Last Temptation of Christ.
Sure, Deadpool is a superhero movie. Is that what you're looking for?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a great cast.
Deadpool was released in 2010 and stars Bruce Willis.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Belgium national football team?
I like American Football. What about you?
What do you think of the team name?
I don't know much about her, but I know she starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
Yes, I do. I like Men in Black 3. It's a romantic comedy.
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Step Brothers stars Brad Pitt and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I agree. Did you know that John C. O'Brien was also a director?
It was released in the early 2000's. It's hilarious.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a novel.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is by William Shakespeare.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
The King's Speech is a drama and film starring Tom Hooper. Do you like dramas?
The Zero Effect was released in 2005.
I think they are a pretty good team but I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots.
I don't know much about him, other than he's a former coach of the Panthers.
That's right. Did you know that John Fox also coached the Denver Broncos.
Nicolas Cage starred in this movie. It's a Thriller.
She's a great singer. Did you know she was also a model?
I don't know who else was in it, but I do know that Rihanna is also a film producer. Do you like her?
I think you will enjoy it. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, AB de Villiers is a singer, songwriter, and athlete. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers is a tennis player. He is also a musician.
Yes, I do like R&B.
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was also in The Rum Diary?
Yes, I have seen Mortdecai and Olivia Munn in The Pirates of the Caribbean. Did you see it?
You're welcome!
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Do you like Juraissic because it is a Romantic Comedy?
The Maze Runner is a science fiction movie
Yes, Burt Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, he is best known for his role in Starship Troopers
X-Men: Wolverine, X-Men: Wolverine, X-Men
The Maze Runner is a good one
I don't think so, but he starred in X-Men 2
He wrote Wizard and Glass, The Graveyard Book, and Wizard and Glass.
Yes, it was cowritten by Stephen King.
The Stand is a great one. It also has a sequel to "The Graveyard Book"
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they're coached by Lovie Smith.
My favorite player on the team is the Redskins
He plays the midfielder position
I am not sure but they have to make the playoffs
I don't know much about her, other than she has a daughter, Caroline Wozniacki. What do you think?
I don't know much about her but I heard she was in Battleship
I don't know much about them, other than they are a good actor
Yes I do, I have The One Plus One, and The One Plus One. Have you heard any of them?
yes he was in Desperado, have you seen it?
i'm not sure what is her latest single. what is it about?
I would. Charlotte Bront wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
It's a very good book. It was released in the year 1922.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Sure, Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844.
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read that one yet?
It was originally written by Robin Buss, and it's a drama.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote The Lone Ranger, The Lone Ranger and The Lone Ranger.
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, I am familiar with the book The 5th Wave. It was written by Rick Yancey
Yes, I do. Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, Robert Graves also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea
He also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
King Richard the Second is written by Robert Jackson
It was released in 1595
Do you like the Notebook because it is a romance or because it is romance?
Then you should definitely check out The Notebook. It's a historical historical film.
Water for Elephants stars Sam Rockwell, Sara Shepard, and Rupert Everett.
Sure thing. Enjoy!
I do! It was written by Jamie Ford. It is a great book.
I have not read Songs of Willow Frost, but did you know it was released in 2005?
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
The Chamber was a great book and movie.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a superhero movie?
Then you might like The Incredibles or The Avengers.
He also starred in The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
Do you like the book because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Man in the Iron Mask or The Man in the Iron Mask.
Then you might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by James Patterson.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891
He wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You're welcome
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Speculative fiction
The Looking Glass Wars is another great book
The goonies is a fantasy
Your welcome
Do you like The Catcher in the Rye because it is a Speculative fiction?
No, it was written by Simmons.
He wrote Insomnia and Inception.
I do, he starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know of any other movies he's acted in, but James Coburn is also a great actor.
You'll love them!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. I don't really know much about him other than he's an athlete.
I don't really know much about basketball but I do know he is a basketball player.
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Sure, do you like the Catcher in the Rye because it is a Speculative fiction?
Sure. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The House of Mirth.
The K-Pop group BTS is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know anything about that, but I can tell you what genre of music are you looking for?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she's a singer, songwriter, and musician.
The Poisonwood Bible is written by Isaac Asimov and is a Speculative fiction.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1958.
I would definitely recommend World Without End, it is a very good book.
That is a great book by Barbara Kingsolver. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Looper is a sci-fi/fantasy movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
yes The Brothers Bloom is a comedy. what else can i do for you?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a drama/thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, he also directed The Beautiful and Damned, have you seen that one?
You're welcome
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Tanner.
He also wrote The Man in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America.
Someone Like You is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Sure, Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, I have it is a book released in 1954.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player for Argentina.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004.
I am not sure but I do know it was also released in 1962
The House of Mirth is a good drama
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a great movie.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, The White Queen, and The White Queen.
It's a Historical novel, similar to The White Queen, have you read it?
Yes, The White Queen is a historical fiction book that was released in 1987.
You're welcome
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Massachusetts.
I'm a Packers fan.
Yes, I do like Wally Lamb. Did you know Wally Lamb is an American novelist, screenwriter, and screenwriter?
I Know This Much Is True is written by Wally Lamb. It is a Fiction novel.
That's great. Anne Tyler also wrote This Much Is True. It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I do not watch much football but I am a Packers fan. How about you?
I'm a Packers fan myself. What do you think of the Patriots?
Sure, do you like Thrillers or Drama movies?
It has a great cast of actors, including Chris Pratchett, Keanu Reeves, and Robert Downey Jr. in it.
It was released in 1999 and also starred Alexander Payne.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know that she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy?
Did you know Victoria Justice was also a great sitcom. She was also a great actress.
I'm not sure but I do know Zoey 101 also starred in The Last Samurai
She also starred in the children's tv show, which is a funny.
Downfall is written by Malala Yousafzai
Windtalkers is a war film, and Windtalkers is a war film. Have you seen it?
Will do. Enjoy!
The Catchter in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, it is also Fiction and was released in the year 2013.
Sure, I'll add Wuthering Heights to your reading list.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Thriller and is starring Daniel Henney.
Yes,Wreck-It-Ralph is also a Sci-fi movie.
Yes she was in Despicable Me. Did you know she was also an actress?
Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck It Ralph, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I think they are a pretty good team but I'm not a huge football fan.
I don't know much about them. I don't really know much about them. I don't really know much about them.
Tony Romo has been a lot of people do not know much about him. Who is your favorite player?
Do you like adventure movies? Wes Anderson starred in The Incredibles.
Owen Wilson is a great actor. He was also in The Royal Tenenbaums and The Royal Tenenbaums.
Yes, he is also a Minority Report and he is also a teacher.
Justin Rose is an American professional golfer born in London.
I don't know much about him except that he's a golfer from England.
I don't know if he is a golfer, but he's also a golfer from England.
She wrote The Waves, The Waves, and The Waves.
Sure, she wrote The Glass Menagerie, The Glass Menagerie, and The Iron Queen.
To The Lighthouse was released in 1847.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He's on the New Orleans Pelicans. I don't know much about him.
I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself. What do you think?
Shelly Duvall starred in The Virgin Blue, The Last Samurai, and The Last Samurai
Time Bandits is an adventure, comedy, and adventure film.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Incredibles and The Incredibles.
He has directed many movies, including What's Your Number is, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
It is a Tom Cruise fan of Tom Cruise, who is also a great actor.
Would you like me to recommend Frances Mayes, Frances Mayes, Frances Mayes, Frances Mayes, Frances Mayes.
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in Valentine's Day?
I haven't heard any of her songs, what is the genre of it?
It is a romantic comedy do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know he's a football player.
He wrote Dark Star. Have you read it?
She wrote The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You'll like Evermore in the fantasy genre, Shadowland is a great book.
You're welcome!
Yes, James Rodrguez is a midfielder for the Colombia national football team. He plays midfielder.
Yes he is a midfielder and forward. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him other than he is a football player.
Dead Poets Society is a drama starring Charlize Theron. Do you like dramas?
Dead Poets Society is a comedy/drama film.
There's The Good, the Bad and the Ugly which was written by Tom Schulman
I don't know if there is anything else I can help you with
You're welcome.
I know a little bit, I know that John Tiffany wrote The Twilight series, have you heard of it?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote both The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, The Silkworm was made into a movie. It was made into a movie.
He wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Milan Kundera was influenced by Keira Knightley.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Bourne Identity is a thriller and stars Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Then you'll like The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity. It's a thriller starring Matt Damon. It's a great movie.
The same people are similar to The Bourne Identity. I am not sure who else starred in it.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption.
Sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that this book was released in English.
Sure, he directed Walk Two Moons and Walk Two Moons to name a few.
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. She was also in Walk the Line, which is a Biographical Film.
I don't think so, but I do know that Joaquin Phoenix won the award for Best Actress of the Year.
I don't have any other Romance movies, but I would recommend The Incredibles. It's one of my favorites!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a fiction book written by Harper Lee.
It is a fiction book, do you like this genre?
Jason Cope starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Spud has a genre of Thriller
Yes, he stars in the romance movie Spud
Rosario Dawson also stars in that movie
Yes, he directed The Last Temptation of Christ and The Return of a Man Called Horse.
The Return of a Man Called Horse was released in 1999 and The Last Temptation of Christ was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know who stars in The Other Guys, but he is a comedian and actor.
It was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in The Fast and the Furious series. Have you seen those?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama.
Yes, Jonathan Hyde is a great actor. He also starred in The Green Mile
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, and The Aviator?
That is a great movie to watch. It was written by Christopher Nolan who also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight.
He did! He also starred in The Dark Knight, which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like Romance?
Well, from what I can tell, there is also a film adaptation of 50/50, have you seen it?
I do. Vanessa Fertilio also starred in a romance movie, The Secrets of a Fire King, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, the Nets are a basketball team. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes, the Washington Redskins are a basketball team.
I haven't seen Nanking, isn't Stephen Dorff a basketball movie?
I do! She wrote These Happy Golden Years. Are you familiar with her work?
These Long Winter is a romance novel that was released in 2005.
The Looking Glass Wars is another historical fiction book released in 1940.
Sure thing. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
Do you want me to add it to your reading list?
Sure, another great book is The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read that one?
Afraid of Desire is also a play written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you heard of him?
One child's Courage to Survive was directed by David Ayer.
It was released in 1988 and is a drama.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he did. Jay Leno also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller.
The Pacifier was released in 2003 and Frederik Du Chau is starring in it.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Devil Wears Prada has a genre of Romance and Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
The Devil's Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
Sure, you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, it is a romance novel
It was directed by Sue Monk Kidd
It was released in 2011
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Taken and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
He is a soccer player for the Colombia national football team. He plays midfielder.
I don't know much about the team other than James Rodriguez plays for them.
I believe he was born in Bogota.
He was born in Columbia. He was also born in Bogot.
Yes, it is starring Will Smith and Roscoe Lee Browne. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, As Good as It Gets was written by James Dashner who also wrote What Happened to Good and It Happened to Goodbye.
Terms of Endearment has a genre of drama, comedy, comedy, and comedy. It is also a film.
Terms of Endearment was released in 2004
You're welcome
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't know much more about them.
Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
Sure, she plays Badminton, Warrior, and Warrior's Way. Both are very familiar.
That's right! She did! She's a really good athlete.
I'm more of a tennis fan myself.
He's from Northern Ireland. He's a great swimmer.
You're welcome
He wrote Two By Two, True Believer and The Notebook.
It was released in the English language.
He was also in The Notebook, The Notebook, and The Notebook.
Yes, he was also a Screenwriter.
Tony Hendra also starred in Shackleton which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is a sequel to Kill Bill, which is also a Quentin Tarantino film.
Uma Thurman is in it. She was also in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know Sin City also starred Keanu Reeves?
Sin City is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Robert Rodriguez starred in it as well as Robert Rodriguez.
No problem, I am happy to help.
The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini
Yes, it was made into a movie starring David Benioff and David Benioff.
There is The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Christina Lamb is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, and columnist to name a few. Do you like any of those genres?
Yes, he did. Veronika also wrote Morrer.
Yes, The Pilgrimage is a theater theater director, and The Alchemist was produced by Steven Spielberg.
Peter pan was written by J.M. Barrie. He also wrote Peter pan.
Peter Pan is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like novels?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1997.
I don't have any other books in the same genre, but I do know that The Great Gatsby is a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is the author of The Great Gatsby
It was released in 1925. Would you like me to send it to you?
The Fighter is a great movie, it stars Denzel Washington. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I don't know any other books by her, but if you are a fan of hers, you should check out The Road to Little Dribbling.
Villette is a Villette, Villette is a Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and What Happened to Goodbye.
This Lullaby is written by Sarah Dessen.
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blod Prince has a great cast!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him except that he was a singer, songwriter and athlete.
AB de Villiers is a former international cricketer who plays as a forward for the South African national team.
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure who starred in this movie but I do know it was written by Baz Luhrmann
You're welcome
You're welcome
I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it also stars Meryl Streep?
Some of my favorite Disney movies are The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spiderman.
The Princess and the Frog is an animated Disney movie. Then you might want to check it out.
That's a good one! It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a really good read.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a Speculative fiction novel.
The Time Machine is another good fiction book by the same author.
It's a great book. It was released in 1851.
I have. Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
I agree. Walking Disaster is a great book. It was also made into a movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! Enjoy!
you're welcome
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy and a comedy.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the Arizona Cardinals, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill
The Bears are currently 4th in the AFC West in the AFC West division.
I agree that the Saints will be a good contender as well.
Did you like the Beloved because it was written by Toni Morrison?
Do you like Tombstone because it's historical fiction?
Love Actually stars Keanu Reeves. It's a great movie.
I think she's a very talented singer. I love her music. What do you think?
Yes Liam Hensworth is a great singer. I am not sure if he is a fan of hers.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie.
The Lucky One was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a romantic comedy.
The Notebook was made into a movie. The Notebook was made into a movie. Have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wild Wild West, The Great Gatsby, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Jean-Marc Vallée starred in X-Men 2.
No, Young Victoria is a history, drama, and drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Well, I'm not sure if they're in it.
I'm not sure what else she has starred in.
Sure, will do.
The Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like his movies?
The Fast and the Furious movie was released in 2014
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez
Your welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a Thriller or because it was a thriller?
The Last Samurai is another similar movie to World War Z.
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Frank Capra. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse were also in Slow West.
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
You might like The Last Colony or The Lone Ranger.
The Sirens of Titan was also released in 1959. Have you heard of it?
You too!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player, do you like basketball?
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard. He was a point guard as well.
I don't know much about basketball either. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I don't know much about Sam Smith, but I do know he starred in The Hangover and The Hangover.
I do not have any information on any other singer, but I can tell you that Sam Smith wrote The Goodbyes
yes it is. what else can i answer for you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Mike Woodson.
I didn't know that, but I did know that the New York Knicks is owned by Woody Allen
I don't know much about the 76ers, but the 76ers are more of a football team.
Yes, he starred in American Pie, The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
It also stars Chris Weitz. It is a comedy.
It is. Warren Zide also produced it. It's hilarious.
The Day After Tomorrow is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie.
I don't know if he was in that movie, but he was also in X-Men: First Class.
Oh yes, he was also in The Avengers, which is a drama/thriller.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I'm not a huge basketball fan. Are you a fan?
That's pretty cool. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
I didn't know that! I'm a huge fan of Will Smith, but I'm not sure about Jada Pinkett Smith.
I didn't know that! I love Kevin James, he's a great actor.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in the 1800s.
I don't know any authors similar to this author, but I do know that Margaret Mauldon also wrote Madame Bovary.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
J.K. Rowling wrote it and she also starred in the movie A Christmas Carol.
Some of his most popular movies are True Grit and The Tao of Pooh
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that she's also a former professional tennis player.
Yes, she's a pretty good tennis player.
Aha, that's definitely a romantic comedy.
Yes, Ridley Scott wrote and starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
All The Money in the World is written by Ridley Scott
Sure, All The Money in the World is written by Ridley Scott
I don't know any other movies he has done but I do know that Ridley Scott also starred in The Invisible Man
Sure, enjoy!
Shakira has released a new album, titled X-Men: Apocalypse Now
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film. Shakira has a new name in it, would you like me to look it up for you?
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Love in the Time of Cholera
I think Coraline is a great movie. I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a good movie
I don't know, but I do know that it was also a movie. It was also a movie based on a book.
I'm not sure if you're interested in other films by Gaiman, but if you're interested in more of his movies, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman and is a Thriller.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride.
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows.
Wilson Rawls has also written The Red Fern Grows
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it is a romantic comedy?
The Notebook was also written by Nicolas Sparks and it is a Romance novel.
The Choice was also written by Nicolas Sparks. It's a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick, The Whale and Moby Dick.
That's right! It was released in 1851.
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog, Go!
A Fish Out of Water is considered Children's Literature.
Yes, he did. Go, Dog, Go, Dog, Go!
Sure! He wrote Lord of the Flies and Jurassic Park. Have you read those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller, Drama, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Suspense, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller
Surviving Picasso also starred Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando.
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don.
The Last Don is written by Mario Puzo and he wrote The Sicilian.
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, James Franco also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
127 hours is a Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. It's a great movie!
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, Troy, and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
Troy is a romantic comedy
Troy is a romantic comedy
Eddie Redmayne is also in that movie
You are welcome
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Chris Evans starred in What's Your Number?, which is a Action/Adventure movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't really know much about soccer, but I do know she won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome.
Die Verwandlung is a good one he wrote.
Die Verwandlung is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet. Isn't it a thriller?
Mike Colter also starred in Zero Dark Thirty, which is a thriller.
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, he did star in it as well.
Twin Town is a great movie. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming.
Casino Royale is starring Rory Kinnear and Robert Wade.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Tom Tykwer is a great actor. He also directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice, which is a Sci-Fi film.
Charlize Theron also starred in Revolutionary Road and The Incredibles
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Taxi Driver has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
There's Zero Dark Thirty, which is a thriller you might enjoy
Great, enjoy!
Do you like the Pillars of the Earth because it is a science fiction movie?
Ken Follett wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Thriller. Have you seen that one?
The Day of The Day of The Jackal is a thriller that was made into a movie in the Thriller category.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Sure, you might also like Zoe's Tale and X-Men.
Sure, Rise of Theodore Roosevelt was released in 1817. It's about Anne Frank's life, but Anne Frank is not her.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, do you like Star Wars, because it is a Sci-Fi?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed True Romance and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure, another comedy you might enjoy is What's Your Number is.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, McG is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote, directed and starred in this movie.
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie, starring Meryl Streep. Do you like football?
The Game of Their Lives is written by Angelo Pizzo. It stars Angelo Pizzo and Angelo Pizzo.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Tampa, and is a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
Yes, he did. I'm more of a Bears fan myself.
Have a great day!
I do not know much about him but I do know that he is a football player from the United States.
I'm a huge sports fan. I like American Football and Football. What about you?
I'm a huge huge fan of the Washington Redskins. What do you think of the Redskins?
Sure, do you like Scream because it is a Horror or a Horror movie?
Yes, it is.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
V for Vendetta is starring Stephen Fry, Stephen Fry, Stephen Fry, Stephen Fry and Stephen Fry.
V for Vendetta is a drama and adventure film.
Sure, do you like the author Cornelia Funke or the genre of the book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Inheritance Cycle, which is a romance novel.
Cinderella has a genre of Speculative Fiction.
King Kong was written by Lukas Haas. It stars Sam Shepard and Hugh Jackman.
Naomi Watts has starred in The Wedding Date, The Last Anniversary, and The Wedding Planner.
The Painted Veil is starring Naomi Watts. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children.
I don't know, but, I can tell you that The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment has a genre of Comedy.
Yes, he wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Love Languages of Children, and The Five Love Languages of Children.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he is a singer/songwriter. He is also a musician.
He wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read that one?
He also starred in The Mask which is a comedy
I don't know much about him, but he did write It's a Wonderful Life
oh ok i didnt know that
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1959
I believe it is in English
I do not have that information
I don't have that information
That's a great crime drama. Did you like it?
It's a war film. It's a war film.
The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. It's a great movie.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo and the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I'm not a huge fan of the Redskins.
What do you know about the Raiders?
I don't really know much about tennis, but I do know it is a great sport to watch.
Sure, do you like comedy movies or comedy movies?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and was released in 2012. Do you like Fantasy Fiction books?
It is a drama and was released in 2012. Do you like dramas?
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed Angels & Demons. He also directed Angels & Demons.
Steven Soderbergh starred in The Good German, which is a drama. Steven Soderbergh also directed The Good German.
He also starred in The Good German, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Sure, Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights.
Sure, Wuthering Heights was released in 1847. It's a very good book, based on the true story of aristocrat Mary Booh.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction book.
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Rules of Attraction was released in 1997 and it is a Thriller
Sure thing. I would recommend Return to Paradise, it is also part of the series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy has a genre of Adventure
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read any of these?
Yes, the Pickwick Club was influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson, Charles Dickens and Charles Dickens.
That's correct. Did you know Charles Dickens was born in Great Britain?
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a great actor. Did you know he was also a teacher?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Long Walk. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he did. He also produced The Longest Yard with 50 First Dates.
I don't know who else is in that film, but Adam Sandler is known for his role in that one as well.
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
JK Rowling also wrote The Legend of Tarzan and The Greatest Showman: A Space Adventure.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a fantasy novel.
Sure, Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It is a Thriller.
Yes. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a book that was written by JK Rowlings.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/thriller and was directed by Michael O'Neill. Do you like dramas?
Then you might like Catch-22 which is a crime drama and Seabiscuit is a crime drama.
You're welcome.
He's a soccer player for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him other than Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player. Do you know anything about him?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2005. Todd Phillips also wrote The Hangover Part II and the Hangover Part II.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in this movie.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, I like murder mystery more. What genre do you like?
Shutter Island is a murder mystery, it is also a horror film.
Sure, Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote The Last Man, and The Last Man.
Persuasion was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Lindsay Sloane is a great actress. She starred in The Hobbit and The Invisible Man.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
I think he's a great tennis player. Did you know he was born in Switzerland?
I do not watch much tennis but I do enjoy tennis. How about you?
There are a lot of tennis players you enjoy watching, but there are a lot of matches for you.
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a romance novel.
You might also like The Fault in Our Stars, which is written by Cornelia Funke
I have not read any of her books. What do you think about her?
Gary Paulsen wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
The River is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like Thrillers you might like Shark Night. It is also starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum, which is a comedy.
It stars Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly. It's a great movie!
Real Steel was produced by Shawn Levy. Shawn Levy also produced it
Did you like the Untouchables because it was a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction movies you should check out The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, and The Maze Runner. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Another Crime Fiction movie you might enjoy is The Maze Runner
I don't know much about him, other than he's a football player. Do you like him?
Yes, the team played in Wembley Stadium
Are you a fan of Alice Walker, or would you like to know more about her?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
I think he's a good soccer player but he's not as good as he was.
No, I didn't know that!
Yes they have a lot of good players like Jose Mourinho, René Russo and Angelina Jolie.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a tennis player.
Yes, I do like The Wise Man's Fear. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things has a genre of Thriller
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and The Guard.
The film was produced by Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Jesse Eisenberg also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Hummingbird Project came out in 2014. Did you know Aaron Sorkin also starred in The Interview?
You're welcome.
I love Treasure Island, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Have you read it?
It is a thriller and a mystery. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, you can also try The Invisible Man. It is a great book.
Yes, I did. Did you know it was written by Philip Pullman?
Danny Aiello is a great actor. He also starred in Wildest Dreams and The Wildest Dream.
Yes, he was in that one as well.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit.
Then you might also like Seabiscuit. It was released in 2015.
It was originally published in 2003. You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
Aladdin is a great movie. You might also like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
The Lion King came out in 2005.
You're welcome!
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not. It is one of my favorite short stories.
It was released in 1937. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
Isn't she a singer?
yea i love that movie
Yes, he is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. Are you interested in his work?
White Oleander also stars Sylvester Stallone and Roscoe Lee Browne.
White Oleander is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1942.
A Grief Observed was released in 1946
That is a great book! The Weight of Glory was written by C.S. Lewis as well.
Will do. Enjoy!
Sharlto Copley is an American novelist widely known for The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read any of his books?
I don't know much about them except they're a basketball team. Are you a basketball fan?
No, I haven't. What is the name of the New York Knicks?
I like the Hornets a lot, they are a great team, one of my favorite teams, one of my favorite is the Redskins
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of these?
The Lady & Sons Savannah is a great book.
You are welcome!
You're welcome
It was directed by Alaska. Are you familiar with her work?
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great book.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which was a great book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
I don't know much about him except that he is a football player.
I don't know much about him except that he is a football player in Germany.
I agree. He has a good stats. I think he is a good player.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a Thriller and Rango, a similar movie.
Well, Rango was directed by him, and starred Keanu Reeves, who also directed Rango.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan
The Prestige is a thriller and drama.
The Prestige is starring Hugh Jackman
Memento is starring Roscoe Lee Browne
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a drama film
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It does fall under the fantasy genre. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Yes, Voyager is also a fantasy and Children's Literature.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Sea of Trolls.
I don't know any other romance novels, but I can recommend some other books by her if you like.
You're welcome!
Sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't know, but I do know it was released in the year 2013
It is a romantic comedy-drama film.
Thrillers you should check out is Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth
WALLE is a great movie! Did you know WALLE was written by William E. Macy, Jr.?
He also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you heard of that one?
Sure. Wolverine is a sci-fi movie starring Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that Brett Ratner also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
It stars X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Do you like any of those actors?
I'm not sure of the release date of the movie.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like her work?
Sure, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, The Outsiders is also written by Sarah Dessen and it's a drama.
She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a children's literature. It's considered children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not, but I have seen Ocean's Eleven and Ocean's Eleven.
Ocean's Twelve is starring George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great, I hope you enjoy the movie.
Robert Lewandowski is an American footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich in the Premiere League.
I don't really know much about football but I do know that he's also a football player.
I don't know much about him except that he's a German soccer player.
Paul Sorvino is an American actor, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He starred in The Rocketeer and many other movies.
Yes, he is a screenwriter for The Assassination of Jesse James.
It is a fantasy novel, do you like those types of books?
I don't think so, but he is a film producer.
You got it. Enjoy!
She wrote Snow Angels and The Secrets of a Fire King. Have you read either of those?
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was released in 1997 and it is a drama/fantasy.
Snow Flower was written by China Dolls. It was released in 2014 and is about Chinese Dolls.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
Grindhouse was directed by Quentin Tarantino, and he also directed Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
Sure, Reservoir Dogs was released in 2014 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo trilogy was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Michael Parks is an American film director, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote and starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Wicked is a Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Ken Kesey wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it's a great movie! It was released in 2001.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him except that he was in Space Jam. Do you know if he's an actor?
I love Ghostbusters, too! I'm also a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not sure if he did, but he did write Ghostbusters 2
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls and The Skulls.
Yes, Vin Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and The Fast and the Furious
That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in A Man Apart.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, The Winter of our Discontent and The Winter of our Discontent.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in What's Your Number? and The Lone Ranger. Have you seen those?
Yes he did, he was also a great actor.
Yes, it is a very good movie. It is a drama and a comedy.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the National Football League and in the National Football Conference.
I'm not a huge football fan, but if I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What about you?
I'm going to watch the New York Giants tomorrow.
The Paris Wife was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
Circling the Sun was written by Paula McLain, who also wrote Circling the Sun.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead has a genre of Thriller. what else can i do for you?
drama. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes! Josh Boone is famous for his role in "The Fault in Our Stars."
It is a young-adult fiction. It is also considered young adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was a drama or because it was a drama?
It was written by Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom and Lord of War. It's a war film.
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a war movie starring Kevin Corrigan and Kevin Costner.
I think you will enjoy it.
Sure Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2005
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Well, he starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden, and Top Secret. Would you like to know more?
Stephen King wrote The Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
Glad to help out!
Peter Gallagher starred in Zero Dark Thirty, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you seen any of these?
The O.C. is starring Kevin Bacon and Roscoe Lee Browne.
Rick Worthy wrote it. It's a recurring film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yaphet Kotto is an American Author, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. Have you heard of any of his other works?
The Running Man is a thriller and The Thomas Crown Affair is an action film
Some other action movies you might like are Zombieland, XXX, and World War Z.
You're welcome
Hush Hush is a great Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush is written by David Gal Galifianakish
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush Hush, Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush Hush,
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Hope you enjoy it!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. It was released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls
The Silver Castle was released in 2005
You are welcome
Sure, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is a drama.
Yes, he did. Did you know that John Carpenter also directed Escape from New York?
Well, I don't know anything about Kurt Russell, but I can recommend Escape from L.A. if you like Kurt Russell, you might also like Shark Night.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Magic
The Secret was written by Sean Byrne, who also wrote The Power.
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a documentary film.
Sure, John Ratzenberger starred in The Mechanic and The Mechanic.
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy starring John Ratzenberger. Would you like to know more about it?
Your Friend the Rat is a Ratatouille, which is a Ratatouille, and also a Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Maurice Sendak and is a Speculative fiction.
Sure, you might also like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. It's very funny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Still Alice is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tom Hanks?
That was a good one. Did you know it was also a movie?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote The Sitter and The Big Lebowski. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film and the Curious incident of the dog in the night-time.
Yes he did, he also produced it as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, Frank Coraci starred in It's a Wonderful Life. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
It's a comedy and also a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in America was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a good crime fiction movie. Another crime fiction movie you might like is The Maze Runner.
I don't know who stars in it, but if you like crime fiction you might also like Shark Night.
You're welcome!
I know a little about him, he's an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
It came out in the year 1967
I don't know who else starred in it, but I do know it is a comedy
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on any other Drama movies, but I can tell you that The Blind Side is also a comedy. Have you seen it?
Moneyball is written by Michael Lewis and stars Denzel Washington. It's a great movie.
City of Bones is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Secrets of a Fire King.
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex is written by Frank Beddor and was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Little Friend. Have you seen that?
Yes he did direct Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, I can tell you that the genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It was written by C.S.Lewis and is a Speculative fiction.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can recommend some other books by him if you like.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great artist. He wrote Yellow Submarine
I don't know much about Liverpool, but I do know that they are owned by Paul McCartney.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that he's a Beatles fan.
I don't know of any songs in my playlist, but I do know that Paul McCartney also wrote The Yellow Submarine
She's great! She wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and Twisted.
Wintergirls was released in 2011 and is a romance novel.
Will do. Enjoy the book.
Yes, Rihanna is a great singer and actress. She has been in a number of popular songs, including What's Your Number and The Fault in Our Stars.
yes, Rihanna has won the award for Best Female Video of the Year
Battleship is a drama, comedy, and adventure film.
He's been in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers.
Sure! He starred in The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles. Have you seen any of those?
Finding Neverland is a romantic comedy starring Kevin Costner. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mockingjay is an American novelist, screenwriter, and screenwriter.
Have you read X-Men: Apocalypse Now? It is a great book.
Yes he did. It is a Thriller.
Jonathan Dayton is an American actor, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine which is one of my favorites.
Yes, he also directed Little Miss Sunshine, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, you'll love it. Elizabeth has been made into a movie yet.
She is a very talented actress. She has been in a lot of films, including The Princess and the Frog, Little Miss Sunshine, and Little Miss Sunshine.
You're welcome!
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Wedding is also a teen drama written by Nicholas Sparks
Yes, True Believer is a Thriller, Drama, and Drama. Do you like any of those genres?
Then you'll like True Believer then. It is a drama and crime fiction as well.
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski and directed by Lana Wachowski.
The Matrix Revolutions also stars Keanu Reeves
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Jada Pinkett Smith was also in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a comedy.
I don't think so, but he was in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a comedy.
Kevin Bacon directed Mystic River and it was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon West directed The Mechanics and The Mechanic.
Did you know the Mechanic was produced by Simon West
I don't know if he has yet but he does have some other recommendations
You're welcome
Sure thing! Enjoy the movie!
The Light Between Oceans was written by M.L Stedman.
I haven't, but I heard it was a good movie. Did you know it was also a movie?
Sure, he also directed The Three Musketeers which is a romance/comedy.
You're welcome!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel is a romantic drama. It was released in 1938.
Jamaica Inn was released in 1946.
Great! Enjoy!
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Massachusetts.
oh ok that is a great place to visit. do you have a favorite stadium
i don't know much about him. what is your fav player?
i think he is a good guy. do you know anything about him
oh ok i think he will make it to the sueprbowl
I am not a huge fan of his but I do know he is married to Hailey Baldwin.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Justin Timberlake also stars in The Hangover Part II.
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song of hers is What's Your Number.
American Idol is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have any information on that host. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I didn't know she is a doll, I think I saw her in Valentine's Day.
Do you like Joseph Sikora because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Watcher is a thriller, which is also a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did star in Shutter Island with Leonardo Dicaprio.
You're welcome
Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Some other poets you might like include Will Grayson, Will Grayson, Will Grayson, and Will Grayson.
You're welcome!
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction
Some other fiction books you might enjoy are The Subtle Knife and The Chemist
It was written by Shelley Duvall
You're welcome
Downfall is a war movie and a war movie. Do you like war movies?
James Franco is the main character of the movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Andrew Stanton also wrote Toy Story 3. He also wrote Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like The Crucible, you might also like X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Then you'll like 2012, it's a drama that was released in 2014.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He's a great writer. He wrote Night at the Museum, which is one of my favorites.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It's a great movie!
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I haven't, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh
It also stars Seth Rogen and Danny McDonagh. It was released in 1999.
Yes, he did star in Wrath of the Titans and Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure, Chris Weitz wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed American Pie, which is a romantic comedy.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a drama/thriller?
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Yes, I would. It was written by Christopher Nolan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Kristin Hannah wrote The Nightingale, which is a short story. She also wrote The Nightingale which is a short story.
I don't have any more information on what else I can do for you.
I don't know much about him except that he starred in The Expendables 2.
I think Novak Djokovic is a great tennis player, do you like tennis?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Die Hard with a Vengeance but I do know it was written by Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
He also wrote A Clockwork Orange which is a great movie.
Sure, How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Woody Allen who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The Lorax is written by The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat is written by Theodore Lesieg and is a children's literature.
Yes, The Cat in the Hat is also a Picture book written by The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat Hat.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Whiplash is a drama, starring Melissa Benoist, Melissa Benoist, Melissa Benoist, Melissa Benoist and Melissa Benoist. It was released in 2014.
Isn't she also in The Longest Ride?
Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy.
Yes, I have seen Faster or Men of Honor have you seen any of those?
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan and Mike Shanahan.
Oh yea, that's a lot of fun to watch. The Los Angeles Lakers also have a favorite team, the Lakers.
I agree. The Lakers have a good season this year!
She wrote рат карамаов and рат карамаов.
He wrote рат арамаов and рат арамаов.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it is romance or because it is romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction yet?
Yes, it is written by David Ayer.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Redskins, but I do know they are owned by Mike Shanahan.
I don't know much about him other than he was a Redskins fan.
I don't know much about sports people. What is your favorite sport?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail was released in 2016
You're welcome!
The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's a fantasy novel, similar to The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
I don't know it, but I do know it was produced by Ben Stiller.
Yes, I have seen it, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good one?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote The Little House on the Prairie
Sure, do you like books by Lois Lowry or books in general?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction book
I don't know much about her other than she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I did not know that, but I did know that she also starred in The Hair Show which is a comedy.
I didn't know that. I do know that she is a tennis player, though.
Yes, The Lost Symbol was the best seller list. Would you like me to list more of the best sellers list?
Tom Hanks also wrote Larry Crowne, which is a thriller.
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and the Inferno.
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
There is a sequel to Bourne Supremacy, which is a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, I do like X-Men:Wolverine, it's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
X-Men:Wolverine is a sci-fi and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, you'll like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that Robert Downey Jr. starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891 and is in the English language
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey wrote The Last Temptation of Rick Yancey is also a novel.
Sutton has also written The Subtle Knife and The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
You're welcome
We're The Millers is a great movie. Did you know it was produced by Steven Spielberg and produced by Spielberg?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, I think you will enjoy them.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars or The Man in the Iron Mask.
The Untouchables is written by John Grisham. The New World was written by John Grisham.
You're welcome!
Did you know that Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Last Song was released in 2013
I don't know much about the K-pop group, but I do know they are a singer.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenherz.
Inkheart was made into a movie starring Cornelia Funke. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it was a comedy or because it was a comedy?
It was written by David Ayer and starred Keanu Reeves and Richard E. Grant.
You are welcome
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is an Indian international cricketer for the India national cricket team.
I don't know much about soccer, but Robert Duvall is a famous actor. He also starred in Hook Ya Crook
Robert Duvall was in Hook Ya Crook. He was also in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Virgin Blue, and The Virgin Blue. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature that is a children's literature that is similar to The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't know any autobiographies that Quentin Blake wrote any autobiographies of the movie, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
You're very welcome!
Yes, the team is coached by David Platt. Do you like Football?
I do! He wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read either of those?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or because of the actors in it?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and also starred in The Looking Glass Wars
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk as well as The Incredible Hulk
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones, or are you a fan of adventure films?
Jon Favreau wrote Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Favreau. what else can i answer for you?
He directed The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Then you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes Chris Evans is in that movie. He also starred in The Last Samurai which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was a mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Sharp Objects and Sharp Objects.
I believe it was made into a movie.
What Do You Do was released in 2014.
Yes, he wrote a great book called Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read it?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence stars Kenneth Branagh and Joel David Moore. Do you like any of those actors?
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg and produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote the Complete Illustrated Movie companion.
Yes, it is a vampire series. It was made into a movie as well.
I don't know much about her, but if you like Stephanie Meyer, you should check out The Chemist, The Chemist, and The Chemist.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Seven Psychopaths has genre Psychopaths
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a drama, written by James Patterson.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer born in Murrieta.
I don't know much about Golf, but I know Adam Sandler is from Murrieta. He also plays golf.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that Julia Bowen is a great actress.
Sure, she wrote The Ice Harvest and The Huntsmen. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Olivia Wilde and Roscoe Lee Browne. Do you like them?
The Situation has a genre of Thriller
The 5th Wave is a Thriller, Science Fiction, and Adventure film.
It was released in 2016 and was directed by Rick Yancey
The Last Star is also a fantasy book. It was released in 2016.
The Last Star was released in 2016 and it is a mystery book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, other than she has starred in movies like The Lorax, The Lorax and The Lorax.
She's been in a while since she was in Valentine's Day, and she's been in a while. She's a pretty good actress.
I didn't know she was in Valentine's Day, but she did make an appearance in the comedy Valentine's Day.
I don't know much about Ryan Reynolds, but I do know he's a celebrity.
Yes, Wolverine is a great movie. It is a sci-fi and adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Ted is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Incredibles?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like all of her music. What about you?
Yes, that is a great song too.
Sure, do you like Star Wars, because it is a Sci-Fi?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well. Do you like his acting?
He was also in X-Men: Apocalypse
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2014.
your welcome
Victor Hugo wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of that one?
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1926.
I am not sure, but it was also released in 1891.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. Are you interested in any of his other works?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know any songs he's done but I do know that Sia is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. I don't know a lot about him.
Yea, he's also a composer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in What's Your Number? which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Bobby is a drama and comedy. Peter and Paul is a drama.
Peter and Paul also stars Anthony Hopkins. He's a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I'm not a huge football fan, but the Patriots have a good chance to win the Superbowl.
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. What is your favorite sport?
I agree. Space Jam was a great movie. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, Prince of Denmark was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
This book was released in 1595.
Enjoy your readings!
Yes, Simona Halep is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Oh, I see Venus is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about her but Maria Sharapova is a great tennis player.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
He also coached the Denver Broncos.
I don't know what year it was released, sorry
I do! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was influenced by her.
It was released in 1886.
It was also released in 1886.
You might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Maze Runner.
Stephenie Meyer is one of my favorites.
Sure thing. I'm happy to help.
There was a book called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone that was written by J.K. Rowling.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard and Kenneth H. Blanchard.
You Can Win was released in 1998. It's a self-help book.
You're welcome
The Fountainhead was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, she did write We the Living, which was released in 1961.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror?
The Last Colony was written by Bram Stoker and was released in the same time period.
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. It is a horror novel.
The Girl Next Door is written by Emma Watson and is a horror book.
She wrote I Am Number Four and I Am Number Four.
Under the Tuscan Sun has a genre of Romance and Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
I am not sure but he did write Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it also starred Marlon Brando?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a good movie.
If you like Al Pacino, you should definitely check out The Godfather. It stars Kevin Spacey as well.
Michael Byrne also starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a comedy.
Vampyres also stars Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf has a genre of Romance and Drama.
It is written in English.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Terminator and The Order.
He was also in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Sure, Lionheart is a science fiction film starring Brian Thompson. Brian Thompson also starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Harrison Page also starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is an adventure film.
The Prisoner of Azkaban also starred in this film.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
It was a great movie! Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Seven Psychopaths is a Thriller and in the Thriller genre.
I agree. He's a great shooting guard, but I don't really know much about him.
I don't watch much basketball but I do enjoy watching the NBA. How about you?
Wilson Chandler is a great shooting guard, but he's not too good at all. I think he's a good guy.
Do you like the Wise Man's Fear because it was written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Sure, do you like Alien because it is a sci-fi or because it is a family movie?
Yes he did! It is a great movie! It is also part of the series.
I am not sure if he did anything else, but he did write The Matrix series, which is a horror film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote The Rosie Project and it was released in 2013.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in Olympus Fallen.
He has produced several films including Olympus Has Fallen, Interstellar, and Inception.
War Inc was written by John Cusack, and it is a Thriller.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
That was a good one. Justin Timberlake was also in Better Luck Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure if he has any friends with Will Smith, but Justin Timberlake was in a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.D. Salinger?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1925.
The Great Gatsby and To Kill a Mockingbird were also written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't really know much about them except that they were the runner-up in the World Series a few years ago
Then he owns the Yankees, the owner of the Yankees.
Well, the Yankees have an increased Risk of heart attack, which is also a cause of death, which is also a tragedy.
Oh, that was a deadly heart attack on a heart attack.
Tiny Tim is a composer, screenwriter, musician and screenwriter.
I think she is a good badminton player. What do you think of her?
I don't know much about badminton, but I heard he was great at the 2012 summer olympics.
I don't know much about Western Europe. I don't know much about Western Europe.
I don't know much about Last Sacrifice, but I know it was written by Paula Hawkins.
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and stars Emma Stone and Stan Lee.
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure film and it is also a fantasy.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do
Sharp Objects is a fiction book
What of Sharp Objects?
You're welcome
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and The Great Dune Trilogy
Have you heard of Shark Night? It's a Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure of the release date of the book, but the movie version was released in the same year.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Then you might also like Zombieland, it is a great family comedy.
You're welcome!
The Eye of the World was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it's a family movie?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louisa May Alcott. She also wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Sure, it is directed by David Ayer, and produced by David Ayer.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't read it, but I heard it was a good book.
No, but I haven't read At the Water's Edge.
Yes, I have. Ape House was written by Sara Guen and was released in 2015.
I will have to check it out
You're welcome!
OK, have a great day
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and was released in 2011.
Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a Thriller/Horror Fiction/Horror Fiction.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
She was in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Walk the Line. Have you seen either of those?
Rosario Dawson was also in Walk the Line
Well, I don't have any information on who else was in that movie
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
I don't know much about it, other than it's a sports team.
I don't know much about the Nets either. What's your favorite team?
I'm more of a Lakers fan. What about you?
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal wrote a lot of books. He wrote a lot of books, including X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Zodiac was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that David Ayer also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure, I can recommend a movie similar to Zero Dark Thirty, which is also a crime movie.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 1961.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It is a fantasy novel, would you like me to send it to you?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote Ratatouille and The Mechanic.
What If is also a Ratatouille, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Secrets of a Fire King and The Sea of Monsters
It is a comedy-drama, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I have seen it. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola
Joel Coen also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Paris was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Wally Lamb wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
It was released in 1971.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was released in 2009.
I have not read any of his books, but I heard he's a great writer.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was turned into a film starring Ken Kesey. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was, along with Ken Kesey.
Sure, similar to leo dicaprio is Vivica A. Fox
He starred in The Incredibles and The Incredibles.
I don't know any others, but I do know that he starred in a movie called Valentines Day which is a romantic comedy
I am not sure but I can tell you that Lukas Haas starred in X-Men 2.
Whalberg has been shared in a number of movies, which are you familiar with?
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.K. Rowling.
He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Witch is a great book.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a romantic comedy.
It is a thriller and a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure about that, but Katharine McPhee also starred in Scream 4 and The Amazing Spider Man.
You're welcome!
She's a singer-songwriter, singer, and singer. She's also a voice actor.
I don't have any other songs, but I do know she is friends with Taylor Swift.
You're welcome!
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also a midfielder on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Sure, Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
If you like Bobby Farrelly movies, you should definitely check out Zoolander and Zoolander 2 if you like comedy.
Jim Carrey is also in Me, Myself & Irene. Jim Carrey also starred in Irene, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Derrick Rose is a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves
I don't really know much about basketball either. What is your favorite team?
Sure, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote Number the Stars, and it was released in 1987.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Quentin Blake wrote The Twits and The Warrior's Way.
He wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes it is a fantasty, I think you will enjoy it!
I am not sure when it was released.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns, Paper Towns, and Paper Towns.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1956.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, Stephen Hawking also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
She starred in The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Sneakers is a great movie starring Robert Redford. It's a sci-fi/adventure/action movie.
Yes, she was great in that movie. Did you know she was also in The Wedding Singer?
Scoop has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and This Lullaby. Have you read either of those?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do! She's a great singer.
I did, actually! She's a great singer.
Yes, she's a great singer.
Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
It is also a comedy, do you like comedies?
Yes, she was also in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, he was the one who directed Fair Game. Did you know that Stephen King also starred in it?
Sure, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
The Crucible has a genre of Tragicomedy and Drama, have you seen it?
Sure, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a tragedy drama movie starring Christopher Bigsby
The Fall of the House of the House of the House is written by Christopher Bigsby
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player
I don't know much about basketball but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
He is a point guard.
Mary Harron wrote The Scorpion King, which is a Thriller.
Mary is a drama movie
You are welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
He wrote The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, the Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote The Time Traveler's Wife
Allegiant stars Denzel Washington, Denzel Washington, and Roscoe Lee Browne to name a few. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Theo James is a great action movie. It is also considered a thriller and drama.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has a genre of fiction. Do you like fiction?
I do not have that information. But I can tell you that Roland Emmerich also wrote The Light Between Oceans which is a drama.
You're welcome.
Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles rankings.
Well, Andy Tennant starred in The Hangover, The Hangover, and The Hangover. Have you seen any of those movies?
Fool's Gold is starring Kristin Scott Thomas. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. He was also in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He was a screenwriter for The Incredibles. He was also a screenwriter for The Incredibles.
The Apostle is a book you might like
You're welcome
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that movie?
Taxi Driver was released in 2014 and stars Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also wrote A Clockwork Orange, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a big soccer fan?
Yes he did. Liverpool is a great team.
I don't know much about him other than he is a midfielder and defender.
The New England Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in New England. The Patriots are a professional American football team based in New England.
The Half-Blod Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, did you know that?
That was the sixth book in the series, written by J.K. Rowling.
The Deathly Hallows was written by J.K. Rowling.
O Brother, Where Art Thou is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. It was released in 1960.
Troy also starred in The Odyssey and The Odyssey.
Okay, sorry I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and was released in 1947. Would you like me to send it to you?
It's a great story. Tenessee Williams also wrote The Glass Menagerie which is a classic.
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's a drama and a comedy.
Can I help with anything else?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Station Agent and The Invisible Man. Have you seen either of those?
Ponyo is a romantic comedy starring Xander Berkeley.
Sure, Yûki Amami also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome
Yes, I am familiar with the sport played by Ma Long. Do you like table tennis?
I am not sure about that. I do know that he went to the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know where it was. Sorry.
I'm not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants fan, but I did know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLI
I am not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants fan, but they were runner up in the 2012 World Series
I don't really know much about the Rangers, but I do know they are coached by Mike Tomlin.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I like Manchester United F.C and Manchester United F.C are my favorites.
It's not too harsh for kids.
Yeah, it is a good way to learn about 5th.
You're welcome!
Jennifer weiner wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
I don't know much about her, but she did write the screenplay. Did you know that Susannah Grant was also a writer?
Girls in Bed is a comedy-drama. I think you would like it too.
It's a great choice. I think you will enjoy it.
She's a great actress. She also starred in Then Came You.
You're welcome!
Yes, Odd THomas stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale. Have you seen those?
Worth Dying For was written by Stephen King. It's a Thriller.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice has a genre of Romance, Romance and Drama. It was released in 1817.
It stars Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide to name a few.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Then you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book and movie. Divergent was adapted from a book and movie.
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. Divergent was also turned into a movie.
She's a great actress. She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
I didn't know that. Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal?
The Proposal has a genre of Thriller
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secrets of a Fire King.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Thriller.
They Do it with Mirrors is a mystery novel. She also wrote They Do it with Mirrors with Mirrors with Mirrors.
I do! She wrote The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you read either of those?
Yes, I have seen it. It is a horror film. Do you like those types of movies?
Both of those are good movies. Mirnanda Richardson also starred in The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
Yes, John Woo directed The Woo, which is a romantic comedy.
Red cliff is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like that genre?
Red cliff is a war film and was produced by Luo Guanzhong. Would you like to hear about other war films?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
He was in Madagascar, a comedy, and starred in it as well.
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
It is, similar to The Worlds End, would you like me to add it to your queue?
Shaun of the Dead was directed by Edgar Wright. Shaun of the Dead stars Rosario Dawson.
Will do. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. I think he's also a point guard.
I do, he's a great basketball player, he's also a point guard.
Yes, he is also a point guard
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1942.
He also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, which was released in 1961.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't know much more about him.
I don't know much about tennis, other than Andy Murray is from London.
I didn't know that, I know he was a tennis player from the Dunblane family.
I agree, I would have thought he would be a good tennis player, as well.
He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in Fast Food Nation: The Fast and Furious
Yes, Walt Whitman is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. He wrote Fast Food Nation as well as wrote and starred in it.
Leaves of Grass is a children's literature. It is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls, The Skulls, and The Skulls.
The Fast and the Furious is a Thriller starring Vin Diesel.
Yes, Paul Walker is in both of those movies. I think he was also in Fast and Furious.
I don't know when he passed, but he did write Takers 2
Peter Krause starred in Unstoppable and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know he is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Sure! It is a romantic comedy, and was released in 2005.
I don't know any other psychological thrillers, but I do know Welcome to the World was released in 2014
You're welcome!
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Have you seen it?
Ok, I can tell you that Andy grew up in the saddest town of Toy Story 3 and it was released in 2013.
It is a comedy starring Tom Hanks
Do you like Memento because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's also a psychological thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Mountains Echoed and The Autheist.
Sure, you might also like "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage" by Auel.
I don't know, but I do know that "The Valley of Horses" was released in 1966.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction book.
He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse.
He did. The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich.
I don't know much about soccer either. I'm more of a soccer fan myself.
I don't know much about him except that he is a midfielder.
not really a huge football fan, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. how about you?
i don't follow soccer much. what do you think about him?
Remember the Titans is a great movie.
She wrote Pretty Little Liard, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No, Pretty Little Liars is a teen drama. Pretty Little Liars is also a teen drama
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do like National Treasure. It was written by Colin Trevorrow. Do you like his work?
Yes that is a great movie and a movie too!
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know it was also a Romantic Comedy?
Sure thing! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck, who also wrote The Titan's Curse.
It is a fiction novel.
The novel was released in 2005 and is about a murderer, he decides to seek revenge for his death.
Chelsea is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer and screen producer.
It was actually called the Foorball Team in London. The team was founded by William Shakespeare.
They are part of a League and the goalie is Kepa.
I'm not sure if they play in any countries, but they were also in the Premier League as well.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll.
Michael Henry Heim wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Hero of Ages, which was released in 2014.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 2008
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It's a Zodiac movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's a crime fiction movie.
He also starred in The Last Samurai which is a crime thriller.
Great! I think you will really enjoy the both of them!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse are some of his works.
X-Men 2 stars Laurence Fishburne, Nat Faxon, and Olivia Wilde to name a few.
It is a thriller he is in the Thriller/Thriller genre.
I don't know any other X-Men movies, but I do know that Zak Penn starred in The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a thriller starring Willis. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I would recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron, it is a great choice.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Terry Gilliam wrote The Twilight Series, which is a fantasy film.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 2011 and is an adventure film.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the book because it is a romance or because it is a drama?
Then you might also like The Wedding Date, or The Wedding Date.
The Wedding was released in 2012 and it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance books?
Yes, Zane Grey is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking is written by Art of French Cooking is also a non-fiction title.
Great, enjoy the movies!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Sea Wolf.
Then you might also like The Time Machine or The Time Machine as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
yes it does. what else can i do for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like me to send it to you?
Some other great books you might enjoy are The Secrets of a Fire King, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Gillian Flynn is a writer on Dark Places. She wrote a mystery book called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Sure, The Scar was written by Christopher Nolan, it is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, The Theory of Everything was directed by Lames Marsh.
The King was released in 2014 and is a drama/fantasy/fantasy
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Ronny Cox also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a thriller.
Ronny Cox also starred in The Cuckoo's Calling and A Face.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014. I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it's a speculative fiction book.
Brave has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Maze Runner is a similar movie to Brave. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a Brazilian professional footballer for Real Madrid.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Marcelo Vieira is a Brazilian professional footballer from Brazil.
Yup, Luis Fabiano is also a famous player
Yes, I do. He's a great writer. He's a great director. Do you like his work?
Then you'll like The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
James Franco is one of the stars in that movie. It was released in 2014.
Will do. Enjoy!
I don't know much, but I know he is a cricket player from India.
I don't know much about it, other than Harbhajan Singh is a cricket player
I don't know much about cricket but I do know that Harbhajan Singh is also a cricket player.
If you give a Pig a Party, If You Give a Pig a Party is a great book.
Yes. If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985. It is very cute.
It was released in 1985. If you give a Mouse a Cookie is not too cute.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Simon Elkeles is an American professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the Dallas Mavericks.
Yes, Wild Cards is written in English. Rules of Attraction is written in English.
Perfect Chemistry was written by Simone Elkeles. It is a great book!
Harold Ramis was in Stripes. He was also in The Incredibles. Have you seen that?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Groundhog Day is a comedy. Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs Jobs was written by Quentin Tarantino. It's a sci-fi/fantasy book.
Of course! Other books in this genre include The Time Machine, The Making of the Atomic Bomb and The Making of Atoms.
Sure! If you like books written by Lauren DeStefano, you might also like The Passage. It is also a science fiction novel.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus and The Night Circus.
The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks and was released in 2012.
It is a thriller and it was released in 2013.
your welcome
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about the cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much about the Cowboys. What is the name of the cowboys?
Yeah, the owner of the Cowboys wanted to make an art collection of art collection.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Indians in India.
Yes, he was also in Slumdog Millionaire
If you like horror films, you might also like The Last Samurai which is an Indie film.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and Twits was released in 2005
You are welcome.
I think she is a good badminton player. What do you think of her?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi, but I know he's a tennis player.
I know a little about Venus, but I don't know much about her.
Adam Levine is an American singer, songwriter, singer, and songwriter. He was born in Chico, California. He was born in Chico, California.
I don't know much about her, but she is a famous singer.
I don't know anything else on Interscope Records, what do you know?
Kick Ass has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It is a thriller and Nicolas Cage is also in it.
It was directed by Nicolas Cage.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and The Lord of War is a drama.
Nicolas Cage was the first of his first movie, Lord of War.
You're welcome!
I do! He's a very talented singer. I love his music.
I don't know much about him, but I know he was born in Zakira.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he was born in Zakira.
The Inside Man is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
She's a great actress. She also starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller.
It's a romantic comedy starring Mel Gibson, who also starred in A Christmas Carol.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Spielberg. Are you a fan of him?
It is a thriller starring Liam Neeson, would you like me to proceed with the sequel?
Sure. Schindler's List is directed by Steven Spielberg. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
You're welcome
Do you like the great gatsby because it was written by the great gatsby because it was a family movie?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man are some other good ones
Fiction is also in the Fiction genre. It was released in 1998.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature. It was released in 1926.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento. Have you read that one?
I don't have any information on that one. However, I can recommend El juego del viento by Lucia Graves
Yes, it was released in 2008!
You're welcome!
I believe she is an actress who has starred in movies like The Muppets and The Muppets.
It was released on March 28, 1986
Lady Gaga starred in the Muppets
Lady Gaga is married to Gisele Bundchen
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about him, but I do like Lamar Jackson, he is a great quarterback.
Do you know anything about the Ravens?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't have any other Young Adult Fiction books by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult Fiction and Young-Adult Fiction.
I don't have any other recommendations for other films in the genre, however, I can recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
I don't know any other books by Lois Lowry, but I do know that it is also a speculative fiction.
It is a speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of that?
Sure, do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a drama or because it is a drama?
I don't know of any other titles by him, but I do know that Wes Anderson also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't know who else is in it, but I do know she is also a film producer.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. It's a great movie.
Sure, it was released in 2004 and stars Roger Avary, Zoey Deutch and Stephen King. It was released in 2004.
He has also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Silent Hill was released in 1994. It is a Horror/ Horror movie.
I do! She starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
She was also in X-Men: Apocalypse Now have you seen that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I don't know much about her music, but I do know that she was born in Guadalajara.
I'm not sure about it, but I heard it's pretty catchy.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1595 and The First Man in Rome was released in 1595.
I don't have any information on any other dramas by Colleen McCullough.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
I do not have that information
The Last Crusade also stars Zoey Deutch
You're welcome
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or Harry Potter and the Chamber?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Prisoner of Azk?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is in English.
I don't know much about him other than he's a musician, he's a musician and a musician.
Yes, The Muse is a great family movie, have you seen The Muse?
I do! Goodfellas is a great movie! It also starred Joe Pesci. It was also a great movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Despicable me 2 is a family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes, Steve Carell also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, Zach Galifianakis is a great actor.
Wilson Rawls wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Susan Meissner wrote The Polar Express and The Polar Express.
You're welcome
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like The Terminator because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Sci-Fi?
I don't know any other people starred in that movie. I do know that Will Smith also starred in The Matrix series, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't follow them too much. I don't follow them too much.
The Patriots lost to the Patriots in the XXXVIII.
I don't know much about his wife, Gisele, isn't she married to Gisele?
I like John Lennon, he wrote Yellow Submarine
I don't know any other songs he has written, but I do know that John Lennon also wrote Yellow Submarine.
Sure, Ant Man was written by Stan Lee. He also wrote The Avengers and The Avengers.
I don't have any of those, but I do know that Angelina Jolie wrote Ant-Man as well.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, it is written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2001 and starred Morgan Freeman.
I don't know any other movies related to Pearl Harbor. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, I love that movie, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
The Gremlins is written by JK Rowling.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Golden State Warriors.
I don't know much about basketball but I think he's a good basketball player.
I don't think Steve James is in it, but he's a pretty good actor.
I haven't seen Space Jam, but I've heard it's a good movie.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks
The Immortal Life has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Fiction.
You're welcome!
I know they are a football team and they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Packer is a football team.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Sure, Robert Duvall starred in The Virgin Suicides and The Last Hero. Have you seen either of those?
The Apostle was written by Robert Duvall and stars Timothy Omundson. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him except if he's a boxer. What do you know?
He did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know what else he is in, but he is also a film producer and director.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Maze Runner is a great Sci-fi movie. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Matrix Collection.
The Adjustment Bureau has a genre of drama, comedy, and adventure. It is also a film starring Philip K. Dick.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. He is a quarterback for the Saints.
No, I haven't seen any of his movies. I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
Yes, Last Sacrifice is written by Paula Hawkins and a Speculative fiction.
I am not sure but it was released in 2013
I don't know any other Vampire Academy series
You're welcome
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work because it is a Speculative fiction?
The genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, do you like the very hungry caterpillar because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, he also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar and The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
Another great children's literature that comes under that genre is The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great book.
He also wrote The Passage and The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love, The Republic of Love, and The Republic of Love.
I don't know, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in Wild Orchid with Gary Farmer.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, other than he's a quarterback for the Packers.
I don't know much about him except he played for the Green Bay Packers.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers
Yes, she's a great tennis player. She won the 2007 PGA Championship.
The Historian was released in 2005 and she also wrote The Swan Thieves. Have you read that one?
I don't have any information on the author, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Emile Zola.
You're welcome.
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Invisible Man.
Yes, they are all children's literature in the same genre as Winnie the Pooh.
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
I don't really know much about him other than he's a basketball fan. How about you?
I don't know much about him. I don't really know much about him. But, he's a pretty good guy.
I don't know much about the Freaks, but I heard he's a pretty good player.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, Linkin Park is a band with Josh Brolin. Do you like her music?
Do you like the Road because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Road was written by Peter Hyams, who also wrote Post-Apocalyptic fiction. Do you like this author?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series.
He wrote a whole series of books that you might enjoy. The Way Station is a science fiction book.
Yes he does, he is also a science fiction writer.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Terminal stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Have you seen Larry Crowne or That Thing You Do? Because Tom Hanks also stars in those movies.
The Green Mile is a drama/thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She's an American novelist who wrote The Virgin Suicides. Are you a fan of her?
She was also on Saturday Night Live, and was a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell.
I don't really know much about the saturday night live, but I do know that it's about a satire person.
Yes, it's a satire show.
It's a satire show aired in 1969.
Isn't she a football player?
Well, I know he's also a football player, and a celebrity.
Yeah, she's a woman. She's also a football player.
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. How about you?
I don't know much about Adele, other than she is a singer, songwriter, and musician.
I don't know much about Paul McCartney, but I heard he's a good singer.
Sure, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
I am not sure about that. I do know it was released in the same year.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
They are, and Wintersmith was written by Terry Brooks.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
Freakonomics has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he plays on the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national team. He was born in Elo Ronaldo too.
Yes, she is. She was born in Victoria.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in Van Helsing and Van Helsing. Have you seen those movies?
Sure, it's still playing with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Ella Enchanted is starring Zoey Deutch and Zoey Deutch.
Ella Enchanted is a drama starring Zoey Deutch
There is no information available available to you
You are welcome
Sure, Irwin kershner starred in The Last Temptation of Christ.
The Return of a Man Called Horse was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Thin Red Line.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary.
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1845.
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction.
Law Abiding Citizen stars Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Yes he was
Yes, I haven't seen that movie
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Fiction Novel.
Sure. The Portable Atheist was also written by Paul Hemingway. It is a Thriller.
Yes, it is. It is also in the English language.
Peter pan was written by J.M. Barrie. Have you read it?
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie also wrote the play.
It was originally written in the English language.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Sure! Wuthering Heights is a Thriller and was released in 1847. It is considered a classic.
Will do! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead and is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
I don't have that information. However Spirit Bound also wrote Promise.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for anything else.
Yes, he is a tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and plays Tennis.
I don't know much about tennis but I do enjoy watching Serena better.
That's amazing. I'll have to check out some of their players.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him except that he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know too much about him, but I did know he's also a basketball player.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that The Help was adapted into a movie and starred Hugh Jackman?
Octavia Spencer won the Academy Award for Drama/Comedy.
Viola Davis was also in The Help, which is a drama/thriller.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Invisible Man, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did have a directorial appearance in that musical.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide
Yes, it is. The Great Santini is written by William Shakespeare.
Flannery O'Conner is an American author born in New York. She wrote The Great Gatsby.
Wise Blood is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in a lot of films, including The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen those?
Sure, Tombstone also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance. what else can i do for you?
You're welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most popular works are Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing. Have you heard of any of them?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in The Last Temptation of Paul Verhoeven
He also directed The Last Temptation of Paul Verhoeven.
Total Recall was released in 2014 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2014. Vincent Regan also starred in The Wolverine, have you seen that one?
What Just Happened and Undertow is a drama/fantasy that was released in 2013.
I don't know much about the other actors in this movie, but Vincent Regan also starred in The Chemist as well.
It is a great movie, have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. Public Enemies was released in 2014. I think you'll enjoy it.
If you enjoy Crime Fiction, you might also enjoy The Proposal or The Proposal.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend other movies in the same genre.
I don't know, but Sean Harris was the main actor in Total Recall
You are welcome.
I agree. The Giants are a great team, but I'm not a huge football fan.
I am not a huge baseball fan, I am not much of a baseball fan, I am not a huge fan of the Giants.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Denzel Washington stars in the Equalizer. Are you familiar with Denzel Washington?
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Giver.
Trolls was released in 1994 and is directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional table tennis player from China.
Yep, he's from China. He's a table tennis player.
Yes, that's correct. He also starred in The Hangover, The Hangover, and The Hangover.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was also written by Guy Cardwell. Would you like to know more about this?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Mark Twain. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Pride and Prejudice was one of my favorites. It was released in 1818.
Persuasion is a romance novel.
Hunt for Red October was written by John Green. He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
It's a Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Owen Wilson is the hilarious actor in Zoolander. Did you know Owen Wilson is also an actor?
Yes, Luke Wilson was in it as well.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
She is a very talented singer. My favorite song of hers is Crossroads. What about you?
I don't know much about her but Kevin Federline did have a favorite song of hers.
Yes, I love that movie, it is a great family movie, have you seen it?
Sure, do you like The Terminal because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a drama?
It was released in 2012 and written by Lisa Garner, released in 2012.
Yes, it is, Steven Spielberg also wrote and starred in The Goonies, have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Steve McQueen directed The Matrix Revolutions which is a drama/thriller.
The Great Escape came out in 2014. Steve McQueen also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a prison break.
The Towering Inferno is a great movie, starring Denzel Washington. Would you like to watch that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. He also wrote The Secrets of a Fire King.
Charles Dickens is the author of that book.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book
That is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1937.
The Writers of Oz is William Shakespeare.
This was in the Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is written by George Cukor
I know he's an athlete and plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, it's such a fun sport to watch. Did you know he's also an athlete?
I don't know much about Louis van Gaal, other than he coaches the Belgium national football team. I think he's a great player.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. He also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he was great in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Will do. Enjoy!
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen either of those?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it.
Yes Emma Watson starred in that movie.
Yes, he did direct The Perks of Being a Walflower as well.
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Brad Pitt and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men Apocalypse.
Andres Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about the Dodgers, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
yes they are a goof team. what about you?
yes that's correct. what do you think about the San Francisco Giants play at this time?
I'm not a huge sports fan, but the World Series was runner up for super bowl XLI.
Do you like The Devil's Prada because it is a romance or because it is a romantic comedy?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote Aline Brosh McKenna.
Enjoy!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in The Phantom, The Phantom, and The Dark Knight.
Yes, it was also a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Legend of Zorro has a genre of Romance and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, William Friedkin wrote The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October.
It is a drama/crime. Do you like dramas?
I don't know any other thrillers by him, but Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck is an American novelist who wrote The Good Earth, The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, it is considered a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is also in the romance genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLI
I like the most sports in the world, but I'm more of a basketball fan.
I enjoy watching it, how about you, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't know, but Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is a thriller.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings for each other player of the year.
You're welcome.
David Oliver Relin has a few books, including Seven Psychopaths and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Ralph Steadman is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote and starred in the movie The Invisible Man. Have you seen it?
Absolutely, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was also written by Ralph Steadman. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Ella Enchanted is a great book. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy, it's also considered a Fantasy.
Tombs of Atuan is actually part of the series The Two Princesses of Bamarre, the next book in the series is The Two Princesses of Bamarre
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell
I don't know much about him other than he is a coach
Yes he is a free agent and a free agent
Yes, he's a football player for the Argentina national football team.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't really follow sports sports. I don't really follow sports.
Are you looking for something similar to Greg Heffley's journal?
It is a romantic comedy, yes it is.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is apocalypto written by Francis Ford Coppola and was released in 1960.
He wrote Apocalypto which was directed by him.
The Passion of the Christ is a Romance/Comedy/Comedy/Comedy/Comedy
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Other movies she wrote are Divergent and The Giver.
You are welcome
Yes, Allegiant was written by Paula Hawkins
PS, I Love You was written by Quentin Tarantino. It's a great book.
She also wrote The Secrets of Ahern, The Little Friend, and The Little Friend.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Philip Pullman also wrote The Golden Compass, which is a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information, but he did write The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, but I do know she composed Titanium. Do you like her music?
I like Shakira moretho, she has a lot of good songs.
I don't know much about Ricky Martin, but I'm a big fan of Taylor Swift.
Me Before You is written by Jojo Moyes. Have you read it?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. It's also a film, have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a Thriller and Science Fiction movie.
Isn't she a tennis player?
I agree. Venus Williams is a great athlete.
I agree. Did you know Venus is also a tennis player?
I think they are a pretty good basketball team but I don't know much about them. What do you think?
oh ok i didn't know he is also a player
I don't know much about Hoop Dreams, I know he was in the movie The Wolverine
Isn't he a football player?
I do not watch much football but I prefer American Football. What about you?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide is a fiction
The Water is Wide
You're welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Colin Firth wrote Fear Nothing. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Do you like his books?
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was also a great Spaghetti Western. It's a classic!
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was also a great action movie. It's also a X-Men.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Scarlett Johansson. It's a great movie.
Sure, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Fault in Our Stars. Both are great dramas.
To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 2014 and is a drama/fantasy that was released in 2005.
The Manchurian Candidate was actually released in 2002.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, Calvin Harris is an American DJ, Record producer, Record producer, Record producer, Record producer, producer, producer and producer.
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he is a songwriter and songwriter.
I think he's a good athlete, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I like tennis. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know he's married to Serena Williams.
Sylvia Day wrote You Again, You Again, and You Again.
It is a fiction
Your welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
I don't know what song she sings, but I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga
I haven't heard anything from her but I do know that Taylor Swift is from her hometown.
Sia Furler is a great singer. I like Shakira, I like Selena Gomez. She's also from there.
I don't know much about Lyricist, but I'm more of a singer like Taylor Swift.
Isn't he a cricket player?
I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Bill Paxton also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It was released in 1989. It also starred Kevin Costner
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy?
I would recommend The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey, or The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It's a great movie starring Aidan Turner. Do you like Aidan Turner?
Yes, he was in Zoom, you might like it.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know anything else?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Some other dramas you might like are The Wedding Date, The Wedding Date, and The Wedding Date. Have you seen any of those?
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I think he's a pretty good cricketer but I don't really follow cricket.
I'm not a cricket fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was a mystery?
I don't know any other books by Gillian Flynn, but he did write Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2014. What Do You Do was released in 2014.
Sure! Dominic Cooper starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes, it is a musical and a a tv show.
It also starred Meryl Streep and Kevin Dunn.
You're welcome!
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga
The Chicago Cubs are a pretty good team, but I don't follow baseball too much.
I haven't been following them since they were the runner-up in super bowl XLI
I haven't, but I heard it's been a while since I saw it. It's been a while since I saw it.
I don't know much about the Green Bay Packers. What's your favorite team?
It happened to be sometime in the early 2000s.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down
Wayside School is Falling Down is another one of Louis Sachar's novels that you might like, have you heard of that one?
I don't know, but Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book.
I think Phil Mickelson is definitely a top golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, and he won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I don't know much about golf but Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I agree. Entourage is lighter, but I don't think it's more of a drama.
We bought a Zoo is a great movie! Enjoy!
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man are two of my favorites.
The Time Machine was released in 2002, the same year as The Invisible Man
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
A Space Odyssey is starring Kevin Zegers. He is a great actor.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like Basketball?
I don't know much about Willie Green, but I do know he is a great shooting guard.
I don't know much about football either. I'm more into sports.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team but I don't know much more about the Yankees.
I don't know much about the baseball but I do know that the Yankees are owned by Steve Tisch and Steve Tisch is the owner of the Yankees.
Sure, the most popular baseball team in the world is the Atlanta Braves.
Psycho is a Psychological thriller that was released in 1985.
i do not have that information. can i help you with anything else?
I don't have that information, but Robert Hitchcock also wrote The Incredibles. Have you heard of it?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about that person, but he's also a businessperson.
I don't know much about them except that they're one of my personal favorites.
Sure, do you like Rocky because it is a family movie?
He also starred in The Expendables and The Hunt for Red October.
Creed is a comedy-drama film starring Ryan Reynolds and Roscoe Lee Browne, it is a great movie
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Last Don, which is a thriller.
The Great Train Robbery was released in 2015. It's a Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Orlando Bloom starred in The Incredibles
I don't know, but Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor
He also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it was released in 2008.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Well, I don't have any other satire examples. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Time Machine is written by Jane Austen and the Invisible Man was written by William Shakespeare.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that one?
Jurrasic world has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is a great actor. He starred in Things Behind the Sun.
I'm sure it's a great movie. I think Patsy Kensit also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a drama.
It is a drama and a drama. Do you like dramas?
That was a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but Jason Garrett is the owner of the cowboys
There are 3 of the Cowboys.
He also directed V for Vendetta. Have you seen that one?
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back was released in 2011 and stars Hugh Jackman.
I don't know much about it, but I can recommend it for you if you're interested.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She also wrote The Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn also wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Nanny Diaries.
I don't know any other authors, but Gillian Flynn also wrote What Do You Do.
Yes, he is a great writer.
I don't know much about science fiction but I do know that it was released in 1599 and is one of my favorites.
Have a great day!
He plays cricket and was born in India.
I don't know much about him, other than he's a cricket player from India.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know that Virat Kohli is from India.
I haven't seen any game, but I've heard it's a great sport to watch.
I'm going to watch the Patriots tomorrow. Have you seen it?
You too!
I know they are a basketball team and owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a basketball fan?
Looper is a drama and a comedy. Looper is also a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. Did you know that Brad Pitt also starred in it?
It's a zombie movie, but it's also a Thriller/Horror.
Yes, you might also enjoy the X-Men series. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure when they came out, but Arc de Triomphe is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't know much more about her.
I don't know much about her but she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
The Williams sisters are a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I did enjoy it. What is your favorite?
I am a huge fan of fashion and fashion. Is that your favorite?
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Williams also wrote The Glass Menagerie
You're welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
I know a lot, David Ayer is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. He writes in many genres.
He has been involved in many films including The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Sure, Suicide Squad is starring David Ayer and is a drama/fantasy.
Sure, you might like The Pursuit of Happyness
Your welcome
I don't know much, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North in the NFC North.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but I do know that the Bears are 1st in the NFC North.
Andrew Garfield starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a romantic comedy.
The Social Network also starred Andrew Garfield
Social Network has a genre of Thriller and Social Network is a drama
The Social Network was released in 1999 and the Music Directors were directed by Andrew Garfield
2010 is the genre of the film.
2010 is written by Andrew Garfield. Andrew Garfield also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee directed Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Joan Allen also starred in The Ice Storm, which is a romantic comedy.
He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a romantic comedy.
Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a Speculative fiction.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel. Brisingr is a part of a series. The next in the series is The Time Machine.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
It was released in 2014.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion which was released in 1817
Persuasion has a genre of Romance and Fiction. Do you like those genres?
I haven't, but I haven't read Mansfield Park too. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I know that Saina Nehwal is a professional professional badminton player from India.
I don't know any other players like Saina Nehwal. Are you a big sports fan?
The Commonwealth Games was played in New Delhi in the last few years.
The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by Richard Linklater, would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Martin McDonagh is a great director. He directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, he is a scientist, and he is also a scientist.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Incredibles, which is a great movie.
Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, you can also try A Christmas Carol. It is also a Family movie.
Robert De Niro plays the lead role. It was released in 2005. It's a great movie.
Will do. Enjoy!
Homer wrote The Simpsons series, which is based on Greek mythology. Have you read it?
The Iliad and The Iliad were also released in the same year. The Iliad was released. Have you heard of it?
Beowulf is a fantasy novel. It was released in 1851.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they are owned by Pete Carroll.
That's right. The New York Giants have won quite a few Super Bowls.
I am not sure about that. I do know that they are a football team.
It was written by Sandra Bullock and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal
Well, Oceans 8, The Blind Side was released in 1999 and Gravity was released in 1999. It is a romantic comedy
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Dead or Alive was released in 2005.
Yes it was also written by him.
The New York Knicks are a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Mike Woodson is the owner of the New York Knicks
I don't have that information
You're welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and Chris Hemingway. It is a romantic comedy
Colin Farrell starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
If you like Colin Farrell, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It is a thriller that was released in 2015.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
John Fox is the current coach of the Denver Broncos.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was written by Gary Scott Thompson. Do you like him?
Matt Schulza is a great actor. Did you know he was also in X-Men 2?
Enjoy the movie.
Hunger Games was written by Michael Grant and released in 2009. Have you seen it?
Yes, the movie is based on the book. Would you like me to give it a try?
Great, I will give it a try.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yeah, he was born in Dallas. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
I don't think so, but I think he's a good player.
Yes, I am familiar with Maya Angelou. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a great book.
Yea, I don't know any of her other works, but Maya Angelou did write Maya Angelou.
It was originally published in 1851. You should check it out
Will do. Enjoy!
He wrote она и мир and ар.
James Franco is an American actor, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few. Are you a fan of his?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy.
This is the End is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he is a good soccer player, but I don't know much more about him.
I don't know much about him except that he's a football player. What do you think of him?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Doctor Zhivago is a good movie
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Vespers Rising was also written by Rick Riordan
Yes, it was also written by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer is an American author born in New York
Mary Ann Shaffer is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter to name a few.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
Then you will like Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles
Sorry, I don't have that information
You're welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player for FC Barcelona?
Yes, he's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
That's a great movie. Did you know Rob Schneider also starred in Waterworld, which is a comedy?
Yes, she was also in Frida.
Joe Morton wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Other thriller movies you might like are Zombieland, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Total Recall is directed by Roland Emmerich. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an Indian professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional
He was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he is from Hisar. He is also from New Delhi.
Sure, do you like Thor because it is a thriller?
The Amazing Spider Man is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth
He has starred in many movies such as The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
Then you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Invisible Man is a thriller that you might like.
It stars Eric Brees, Eric Brees, Eric Brees, Eric Brees, Eric Brees, Eric Brees and Eric Brees. It is a thriller.
William Scott is a screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. He wrote and starred in the movie The Final Destination.
October Sky is a drama/thriller that was released in 2005.
You're welcome
I do like her music. She's also a singer, songwriter, and actress.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but if you like dramas you might also like the Shark Night.
You're welcome
Sure! He directed The Incredibles, which is a great movie!
Pencil 300 is a psychological thriller and Ink 300 is a psychological thriller.
Sure, Tessa Thompson starred in this movie.
300 starred Vincent Regan and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, it is a good book series. Have you read it?
Robert De Niro was also in Vol. 1 and also starred in it.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817
Yes, Persuasion is also by Jane Austen
You are correct. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
I don't have anything else by her. However, she has also written The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
It is a fiction novel.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation along with Tom Cruise.
Yes he was in that movie as well.
The Last Samurai is a good one he stars in.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the Green Bay Packers, but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy.
I don't know much about the Green Bay Packers, but I think Brett Favre is a great player.
I'm a Packers fan, but my husband is a Niners fan. What about you?
My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or genre?
Have you read Where There's Smoke or Where There's Smoke?
I don't know too much about Crime Fiction, but I heard it was good.
I do! He's a great player. He's a midfielder and forward.
I don't know much about the sport, but I do know that Marco Reus is also from Germany.
That's a great one for kids. It's also fun to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing.
The Sweet Far Thing is a Thriller and The Diviners is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
The Golden Compass is another fantasy series by the same author.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a soccer player and plays for FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, the Czech Republic is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the German national team.
You're welcome.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Drew Brees is a great quarterback, though. He's been around a while. He's been around a while.
You're welcome
Yes, she is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, there is a lot of information available at this time.
Wow, I didn't know that!
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it was written by Mike Starr.
It was released in 1994.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Yes, he won Best Choreography award for Best Choreography.
I don't think he's married now.
Sure, do you like Monsters Inc because it is a family movie?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
The Ship of Brides is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by Oz, who also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
I have not, but I have heard of that one. It was released in the year 2013.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player. What's your opinion?
I like Serena Williams, but I don't know much about her. What about you?
I don't know if he did lose against Roger Federer, but he's a tennis player.
No problem!
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1901. Would you like to know anything else?
The Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1895. Enjoy!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife.
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
Yes, Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
The Insurgent is also written by her
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story was released in 2011. It has a genre of Thriller.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. My favorite song by her is A Thousand Years. Have you heard of it?
Christina Perri wrote A Thousand Years, which is a great song.
I don't think so, but I do know she has a song called A Thousand Years.
Do you like Thor because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Sure. Vacation is a great movie. He also starred in The Last Samurai and The Invisible Man.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
I do like the Premier League. What is your favorite sport?
The Patriots are my favorite team. Who is yours?
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the sport but I do know that Jake Allen is a member of the Redskins.
I don't know much about the Browns, but I don't follow the sport much. I think Mike Pettine is a good coach.
Sure, Peter Weir has directed The Truman Show, The Truman Show, and The Truman Show.
Yes, Peter Weir directed it. It is a drama/drama that you might like.
She's a great actress. She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
Do you know if she is dating Selena
Number the Stars was written by John Green and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote The Passage, The Passage, and The Passage.
Yes, it is. It was written by Lois Lowry.
No problem, I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web. She's an American writer who wrote Charlotte's Web.
It was! It was adapted from a play written by Rosemary Wells and adapted into a play based on a play based on the book.
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure. You might also like Zombieland, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Submarine is a drama, starring Angelina Jolie Pitt.
He was also in The Fault in Our Stars, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is one of my favorites. Have you read it?
Douglas Adams wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe to name a few.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a Speculative fiction novel. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more titles from him?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop singer.
They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
Yes, I do like them. They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I think they are a pretty good team but I'm not a big fan of football.
I didn't know he was a linebacker, but he was a midfielder as well.
I don't really follow sports, but I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a similar movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Invisible Man is similar to L.A. Confidential.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a great movie. Meet the Parents is a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That is a great movie. Denzel washington also starred in a comedy called No Country for Old Men which is a comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Rufus Sewell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen it?
She also starred in Shooting the Past.
The Pianist is a drama/thriller starring Robert De Niro.
You're welcome
I don't really know much about tennis but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is a tennis player.
I did. That was a great movie, starring Selena Gomez.
Smokin' Aces stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a comedy.
I'm not sure where Serena is residing, but he has starred in other films such as X-Men: Apocalypse
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Illusionist.
It's a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Neil Burger directed The Illusionist.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Chasing Vermeer is a great book. Chasing Vermeer also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read that one?
Trojan Odyssey was written by Sylvia Plath. It's a great book.
Will do. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by Natalie Portman or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2004. Natasha Preston also wrote True Grit.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a speculative fiction or because it is a speculative fiction?
Pandemonium was written by Charles Dickens. Other books in the speculative fiction genre you might enjoy are Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, and Z for Zachariah.
It was written by Philip Pullman. It's a great book.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love Madonna. She starred in What's Your Number? which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, that's correct. She's a very talented singer.
I'm not sure if that's her relationship with Madonna. What do you think of that one?
Yes, she was also in Sex and the City, which is a romantic comedy.
That's a great movie. Did you know Madonna also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Sure! That was a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and starred Tom Hanks.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People and The Maggot People.
Sure, James Patterson wrote The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read any of these?
Zoo is written by James Patterson. It is a crime fiction.
Nothing from Agatha Christie, Tess Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen, and Ray Chandler are some of my favorites.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a romantic comedy?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
It was directed by Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote and starred in X-Men: Apocalypse
It stars Evan Rachel Wood and is a comedy
Requiem of a Dreams is starring Mickey Rourke
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Sure, some of the stars in Apocalypse Now are John Lennon, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Are you a fan of both actors?
It's a drama and a biography. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, do you like Mr and Mrs Smith because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Date Night is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Hayley Atwell wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Eddie Redmayne.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about football but I do like the Patriots. Who is your favorite player?
I don't know much about him other than he's a football fan.
Mad Max Fury Road is a sci-fi/fantasy movie starring Denzel Washington. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Brave One also has a genre of Thriller and Sci-Fi.
Yes, he is also a musician and a film producer.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Nicky Katt also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
You're welcome
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Liars. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2005
We Were Liars was also released in 2014, and it is a Thriller
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or because it is a thriller?
Sure, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It was written by Sarah Dessen.
Yes, it's a film and a film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it's a Thriller. It's also a film starring Leonard Goldberg. It's a Thriller.
Will do. Enjoy!
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, he's a Midfielder and forward.
I didn't know that. I know he is from Wales.
Sia Furler is an American singer-songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter. She is also a musician.
I don't really know much about her music but I do know that she's also a singer, songwriter, and a model.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that Sia is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It's a great book.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It is a good one.
I do! Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter.
It was released in 2012.
It's a great movie! Kevin Corrigan and Kevin McNally also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Ishiguro and Ishiguro. Ishiguro wrote Ishiguro.
Have you read anything by Kazuo Ishiguro or Did you know he is also a film producer?
It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
He plays on Poland's national football team. He's a midfielder.
He plays midfielder.
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Queen.
The Selection was written by Kiera Cass. It is a Thriller and was released in 2011.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Did you like X-Men because it was a sci-fi or because it starred Hugh Jackman?
If you like Action, I would recommend X-Men: Apocalypse. It's a great movie.
The first one is X-Men: Apocalypse Now. The second one is X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I agree. Pimp My Ride is a great comedy. Is that the first one of my favorites?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What Do You Do
Sharp Objects was released in 2013 and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is an adventure movie or because it is a adventure movie?
It was written by William Shakespeare and starred Scarlett Johansson. It is a great movie.
It is Fiction. It is also considered a thriller.
Yes, The Tipping Point is a Thriller and was written by Christopher Nolan
The Tipping Point: How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Malcolm Gladwell also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which is another great book.
You're welcome.
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Red Pyramid and The Long Walk. Have you seen them?
It is a comedy.
White House Down is a great action film
James Franco is the main character in the movie
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did. Amadeus is a historical drama.
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like the author, C.S. Lewis or the genre?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1937. It is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 1937. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
He is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
I don't really know much about cricket but I do know he's a good player.
No, I haven't. Isn't he a cricket player?
I think he is a great singer, songwriter, and songwriter. What do you think?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he starred in The Muppets which is a romantic comedy
Sure, one is Born in Los Angeles, along with Adam Levine.
It was written by James Dashner.
He wrote A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces, A Million Little Pieces, and A Million Little Pieces. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Nat Wolff, Nora Ephron, and Anne Hathaway.
he has written a lot of books he has written a lot of short stories
A Killing in Zion is a fiction
you are welcome
I think he is a good soccer player, but I don't know much more about him.
I like American Football. What about you?
I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Ken Kesey wrote WALL-E which was a romantic comedy. Have you read it?
He is! He wrote "Go Further" and wrote "Go Further" in the English language."
I don't have any information on that, but he did write "Go Further" a Great Notion".
Sure. Will do.
Paulo Coelho is a great writer. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a great book.
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the New Orleans Pelicans.
Stuck on You also starred Tom Brady, who is a great actor.
Sure, Eva Mendes also starred in Rear Window and The Proposal
American Sniper is a war movie and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
The Skeleton Key is one of my favorites. Have you seen it yet?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's worth a watch!
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote The Last Temptation of Martin Scorsese. Have you seen it?
I do like Gangs of New York. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
That is a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
It is a great comedy starring Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It is also a great movie.
Sure. WALL-E is starring John C. O'Brien. It's a comedy.
It is an adventure movie starring Adam Carolla, who is also a great actor.
You're welcome!
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by Tim Burton and it is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes. Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne, which is a Romance Film.
Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne, which is a romantic comedy.
It is a drama and a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure if it is a comedy, but I would recommend The Big Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat Fat and you should definitely check it out, but it is a comedy
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is starring Liam Neeson. Liam Neeson also stars in The Looking Glass Wars.
The Lord of the Rings is produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I'm not a big fan of football, but I do know that the Cleveland Browns won a championship twice a year ago.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm not a huge football fan.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team but I don't like the Red Sox. How about you?
Yes, he is from Monmouth Beach, California.
I don't know much about New Jersey. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't see that one, but I know it was written by John Farrell.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, they were co-written by John Seelye.
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was a romance or because it was a romance?
The Hunger Games is a similar movie to Divergent.
You're welcome
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Goonies stars Keanu Reeves, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
I don't really know much about her, but I think she is a good rapper.
I don't know much about her, but I know she was born in Los Angeles and died in San Francisco.
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is it a pop song?
Yes I do, it is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I do like fiction, but I don't know much about it. But I do know it was released in 2008.
I don't know much about thrillers, but I do know that Shark Night is another thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like Dr. Seuss?
Theodore is an American novelist widely known for writing Theodore Lesieg and Theodore Lesieg.
The Lorax was released in 2010
Then you'll like The Lorax and The Secrets of a Fire King
Will do.
I don't know much about the Kansas City Chiefs, but I think they are a pretty good team.
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, Never let me go was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has also written The Invisible Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of these?
Yes, he has made many films into movies. The Buried Giant has a genre of Science Fiction as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
It was released in 2010
It is a thriller
You are welcome
I do! It was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it was released in 2007
Sure, Agatha Christie also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Akira Kurosawa wrote Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, he also directed The Seven Samurai
Yojimbo stars Yojimbo, Yojimbo, and Akira Kurosawa. It was released in 2005.
Toshiro is also a martial arts film, I would recommend Toshiro.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Confessions has a genre of Comedy. what else can i do for you?
Confessions is a comedy and is a comedy. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I like the Denver Broncos and the Denver Broncos.
What do you think about the Redskins?
Michael Jackson is a great singer, songwriter and screenwriter. He wrote a lot of movies, including The Wiz, The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Wiz.
Yes, I have seen him in the movie Men in Black. Did you see it?
I don't know, but I know he was also in The Last Samurai, which is a comedy.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
He also starred in Scream, its a horror film. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a horror film.
I don't know much about the Red Sox, but I do know they are owned by John Farrell and John Farrell.
I don't know much about them except that they play in the National Football League.
I don't know much about the Red Sox, but they have a lot of good players.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov directed V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Night Watch is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
That's right! Hugh Jackman is also in The Wolverine.
That's a great movie! Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine.
Douglas Adams was written by David McCullough and starred in The Hiding Place.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series was released in 1996, the same year as The Time Machine
Sure, The Time Machine was also released that year.
You're welcome!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now.
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now.
I agree. Then you'll enjoy The Godfather II.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Massachusetts.
That is true, did you know Thorpe was also a former golfer?
There's a lot of excitement in Pittsburgh - there's a lot of adventure in Pittsburgh - there's a lot of adventures there!
I don't know much about football but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers.
Looks like they are having a good season this year
I like baseball. What is your favorite team?
It's a romantic comedy starring Zooey Deschanel
Beautiful Creatures stars Zoey Deutch and Anne Hathaway. It is also a romance film. Do you like romance?
You Again is a Lie. It is also a drama and a comedy.
The Namesake was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
What about The Namesake, would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Xenocide was written by Oren Aviv and was released in 2011.
Will do. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, The Informant, and The Informant.
Born to Be Wild also starred Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
You're welcome!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He wrote and starred in The Christmas Blessing and The Christmas Blessing.
God Gave Me You has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like either of those genres?
I'm not sure where his career started. I don't really know much about Nashville though.
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liard and The Wise Man.
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was a TV series by Sara Shepard released in 2015. It's also a movie.
Sure! Pretty Little Liars was released in 2016 and has a tv series, which is next in the series, Pretty Little Liars.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by David Platt and David Platt.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I'm more of a American Football fan.
I don't know much about college football, but I'm more of a football fan myself.
I don't know much about the Steeler's, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the coach, but I think Mike Tomlin is a pretty good guy.
I didn't know that! He's a great player, right?
Yes, Ridley Scott is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Are you interested in any of those?
It's a great movie starring Kevin Bacon and Rosario Dawson. It's a great movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua de mis putas tristes.
I am not sure what year it was written
Mary Higgins Clark wrote it
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is an American Novelist, Writer, Writer, Writer, Writer, Writer, Writer, and Writer.
You are welcome
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob.
It is also a movie
It's a thriller and it's also a movie.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secrets of a Fire King.
It was released in 2004
You are welcome
That is correct. He wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is written by William Shakespeare. It's a drama and comedy. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
I do not know who stars in it, but the Headhunters is a war film
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by the great William Shakespeare. It was released in 2012.
He also wrote The Mountains Echoed which was released in 2012.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a point guard for the Denver Nuggets?
He wrote The Mists of Avalon which is also a film producer and film producer. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller and was released in 2005, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Sure! The Situation is a romantic comedy and was released in 2010.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
I think he was a songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter. What do you think?
Friends with Benefits is a comedy-drama film. Shaun White starred in it.
Isn't Mila Kunis the one of my favorite artists?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Speculative fiction.
It is a Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might also like the book The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a a non-fiction book.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
Will do. Hope you enjoy!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, The Wackness, and The Wackness.
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
The actors in Wackness are Zoey Deutch, Helena Bonham Carter, and Ellen Burstyn starred in this movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
Sure thing! Let me know if you need anything else.
That's a great book! I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! He directed a lot of great movies, including The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
Roman Polanski wrote a lot of thrillers, including What's your number
It was released in 2007
The Hunger Games series is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Sure! He starred in The Sea Wolf. Have you seen that one?
Yes, White Fang was also made into a movie. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Will Smith and Roscoe Lee Browne?
Seth Rogan also starred in A Bug's Life and Monsters, Inc.
Yes, James Franco was in it as well. He also starred in The Incredibles.
I don't know any other movies he has been in. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Sure! She wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus and Frankenstein.
Frankenstein is a fantasy novel. It was released in 1818.
It is written by Wollstonecraft Shelley.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
It is a tv drama. Do you like tv dramas?
Vivica A Fox is starring in Fight Club. It is also classified as a thriller and a comedy.
You're welcome!
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Have you read any of them?
You're welcome.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
That is correct. Denzel Washington starred in The Last Samurai. He is a great actor.
Sure, Denzel was also in The Last Samurai which is a thriller.
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. He was a great actor.
Yes, he was in Volcano High. He was also in The Proposal.
You're welcome
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
How about the Dodgers or the Dodgers?
Sure, he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005.
I don't know of any other actors in this movie, but Stephen J. Dubner is a great actor.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly which is a Thriller.
Yes, Eli Wallach starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well.
A Fistful of Dollars and A Fistful of Dollars are both good movies.
Sure, The Good and the Bad and the Ugly is also in the Action genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake to name a few.
There is Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House are you interested in this book?
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House then.
Sure, do you like action/adventure movies?
James Franco is one of the stars in that movie.
I'm not sure if Morgan Freeman was in any other movies he's been in.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry.
It came out in 2011. Did you know that he also starred in Unlawful Entry?
It also starred Robert De Niro and Roscoe Lee Browne.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier
Underdog is a drama/fantasy/fantasy/fantasy/fantasy/fantasy movie.
Jay Leno is a great actor. He also starred in The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of these?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they're owned by John Fox.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
I like the Patriots. What is your favorite team?
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also stars Seth Rogen and Sam Mendes. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it.
Did you like the Incredible Hulk because it was written by Stan Lee or because it stars Samuel L. Jackson?
The Incredible Hulk is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like me to send it to you?
X-Men 2 was released in 2005. It is a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a thriller?
Then you might like Die Hard 2 or Die Hard 2.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a crime fiction film.
You're welcome!
Peter Krause starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yes, she was also in We Don't Live Here Anymore. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Naomi Watts also has starred in The Mask and The Mask. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men movies?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It has a great cast, including Huge Jackman, Nick Cassavetes and Roscoe Lee Browne.
You're welcome!
He directed The Transporter and The Transporter.
Transporter has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Action. Do you like those types of films?
Sure, he has also produced The Incredible Hulk and The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like Matt Damon?
Hugh Jackman stars in the Vampire Slayer, and Ben Affleck also stars in the movie.
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
The Town is a horror movie. It is also written by Ben Affleck and stars Ben Affleck.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a great book called  .  .
It was released in 1845. It is a Romance novel.
It was released in 1856.
It is a Thriller/Romance novel.
Sure. You will like The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, it was also released in 1856.
You're welcome
Sure, Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Sam Rockwell, and Tom Cruise. Do you like any of those actors?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubricks, who also directed Stanley Kubricks: A Space Adventure. Have you seen that?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
I don't know when it was released, sorry.
You're welcome!
Do you like Bruce Willis because it is a comedy?
He was in Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
Well you might like Die Hard with a Vengeance if you like that.
You're welcome
Isn't he a composer and song writer?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
I don't know if I'm a big fan of his
Sure, Leonard Nimoy starred in The Last Samurai which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse.
Sure, you might like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah and Z for Zachariah.
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
He starred in You Again and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again. He's a great actor.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, I'm a fantasy fan. I'm more of a fantasy fan.
Yes, it was also written by Michelle Paver, but I don't know much about her.
It's a great one. It's also considered Fantasy.
Sure, do you like the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and M. Hyde because it is a thriller?
Yes,It is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
you are welcome
Sure, he also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a basketball fan?
I don't know much about him either. I know he's a basketball fan. What's your favorite basketball team?
Isn't he a basketball player?
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man, which is a fiction book.
Teacher Man is a a speculative fiction book. Another one you might like is The Good Earth.
you're welcome
I think it is a great book. I think it was a great book.
He also wrote Silence of the Lambs. It is a Thriller. Have you read it?
It was released in 2004. It is a great book.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them except that they're coached by Carlo Ancelotti.
I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
I don't know much about soccer. I know he plays for Real Madrid.
Sure, he wrote The Sea Wolf and The Sea Wolf.
White Fang was also considered a fiction book. Do you like Fiction?
Million Dollar Baby was written by Hilary Swank and stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
I didn't know that. Is it a thriller?
Yes, it was a great show. Did you see it?
Yes, that is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. Did you know that J.K. Rowling wrote The Crucible and The Crucible?
I don't know anything about him but I do know that Maurice Hindle is also a screenwriter and a screenwriter.
You should check out The Amazing Spider Man or The Amazing Spider Man as well.
There are so many great books that you might enjoy. The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass are some of my favorites.
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel by Maurice Hindle.
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in What's your number one movie?
Sure, he wrote a bunch of great movies like The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team but I don't follow baseball too much. What about you?
The only one that I haven't been there. The only one I have heard of is the Redskins.
Minute Maid isn't the only one that I know of in the US. It's not really a baseball fan.
Thomas Lennon starred in Wild Wild West, The Wildest Dream, and The Wildest Dream.
It is a television series by Thomas Lennon.
I don't know much about Chealsea. What do you know about her?
I'm not much of a soccer fan, but I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
I agree. The adrenaline is a lot of fun to watch. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Yes, King Kong was written by Kong Kong and stars Sam Shepard. It's a horror film.
He is a German footballer and plays as a forward for the Germany national team.
It was released in 2005
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the Panthers, but I'm a huge fan of the Carolina Panthers.
Yes, he played for the Denver Broncos. He's a great coach.
Yea, I'm a huge fan of the dramas. Then you should definitely watch The Last Colony.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
I'm not a huge fan of MBA. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about him other than he's a point guard for the Timberwolves.
Isn't Kevin Durant a basketball player?
I have not, but I know he's a professional basketball player
It was written by Men in Black and stars Men in Black. It is a thriller and crime fiction.
Sure, you can try Zombieland, X-Men: Apocalypse.
I am not sure if it was received, but there is a sequel to it if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Batman Begins because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a comedy?
The Dark Knight has a sequel, The Dark Knight Rises, Inception, and Inception.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Golden Fool.
The Golden Fool was released in 2005. It's a great read.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake to name a few.
It is a drama, do you like drama?
You can try Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
Sure, it is a sci-fi and adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Lake of Fire stars Seth Rogen and Robert Pattinson.
Lake of Fire has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Poems is also a Poems Poems
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Lost on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
Sure! If you give a mouse a Mouse a Cookie, you might want to check out If You Give a Mouse a Cookie. It was released in 1985.
Yes. If you take a Mouse to the Movies you give a Mouse a Mouse to the Movies is by Suzanne Collins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubricks, who also directed Eyes Wide Shut.
You might enjoy the thrillers called World War Z. It is also a psychological thriller.
I don't have any information on the stranger calls.
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
Did you like The Godfather because it was a drama or because it was a crime movie?
He's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't think so. He's one of the best basketball players in the NBA.
The Chicago Bulls are a pretty good team, but I'm not a big fan of the Bulls.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yes, the Bulls will make the playoffs.
You are welcome
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
True Believer is a good one. It was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a drama or because it is a thriller?
It was written by Jane Austen and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is a romance novel that was released in 1817.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, they are a couple of my favorite bands. One of my favorite bands is X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I don't know much about the Warner Bros. I do know that he is a songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter.
Andrew Stanton wrote and starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
It stars Andrew Stanton and is a comedy-drama.
Ellen DeGeneres does star in WALL-E. It is a family/animation film.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
That is correct. Jennifer Hale also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Family movies are always good to watch, but i'm not sure what else can I do for you.
You're welcome!
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Indians in India.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know that Yuvraj Singh is a famous cricketer.
Yes, he wrote it and he also wrote A Fistful of Dollars, which is a fantasy.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
I don't know if he owns the team, but he's a good basketball player.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but he's a great player.
Yes, The King's Speech was written by Charles Dickens and stars Tom Wilkinson and Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a drama, do you like dramas?
Yes, I like Jesus of Nazareth, you should watch it.
I love her music. My favorite song of hers is What's Your Number.
I don't know much about her other songs, but I do know she is friends with Shakira.
I don't know much about her music but I do know she is married to Shakira
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think?
That's a great part of the National Football League as well as the New York Giants.
I think the commercials will make it similar to the Super Bowl XXX.
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much more about him.
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City, he is a point guard.
Yep, he does. He is also a power forward.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Yes, Brokeback Mountain starred in Brokeback Mountain. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't know much more about them.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that Lovie Smith is a former coach of the National Football League.
I don't really know much about football but I do enjoy watching the Patriots.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great book in the fantasy genre.
It doesn't have the sound of the book, but it's a great book!
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
To Rome With Love has a genre of Romance, Comedy, and Action. It's part of a series. The next in the series is To Rome With Love.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Spirited Away was written by Sara Shepard. You might also like her in Thirteen Moons.
Scream of the Banshee is a Thriller. You might also like the X-Men series.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for a similar genre. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Marriage Plot and The Virgin Suicides.
It's a drama and a biography. Dorian Gray is a book about a woman's life.
It was released in 2004. It is a great book.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
He starred in The Hangover, The Hangover, and The Hangover.
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in The Is the End. You should definitely check it out
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin's Lover.
Sure, Miranda Richardson was also in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy drama.
Sure, I will send it now.
I do! I love her music. My favorite song of hers is Whatcha Say. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I like Selena Gomez a lot, and I like her too.
Yes, I like that one, and I like it too. Then you should check it out.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed Inception.
He did direct The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
He wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is also a drama, and The Prestige is a drama.
Waterworld has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama.
You're welcome!
He plays for the Brazil national football team the Brazil national football team
Isn't he a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Saint-Germain
I don't know much about the team, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about that team. I don't really know what team is doing.
Sure, would you like something by Charles Dickens or something else?
It was originally published in 1853 and was released in 1853.
Anything else I can help you with?
It is also a book of the same name written by Charles Dickens
Working class is also written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is a great writer. She wrote The Siren, The Heiress, and The Heiress. Have you heard of them?
The Siren is definitely a must read. The Siren was released in 2001.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction, and The Prince is about a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a Action/Adventure movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
Yes, it is action packed. Do you like action packed?
I don't have any other recommendations for Romance.
You're welcome!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like George Orwell books?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. Would you like me to recommend other works by him?
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un náufrago
Sure, he wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of those?
It's written by Terry Pratchett.
Well, if you liked that one, you might also like The Avengers: Age of Ultron and The Historian.
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Yes, The Hobbit was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure! The Woods was released in 2005 and is a drama/fantasy/fantasy starring Bradley Cooper.
The Words is a drama/thriller and was directed by Woody Allen.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
yes it was. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, and The Raven.
The Raven was released in 1847.
You're welcome
I know he's a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real Madrid.
FC Barcelona is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know too much about that. I don't really know much about that.
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is an adventure movie or because it is a family movie?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Sure, you can also try the movie Man on the Moon
He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
It also starred Ralph Fiennes, Ralph Fiennes, and Ralph Fiennes. Do you like any of those actors?
Yes, he did direct The End of the Affair, as well as The End of the Affair is a drama/fantasy.
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino has directed Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Did you know Rob Zombie also starred in The Last Samurai?
He also directed Grindhouse, which is a thriller.
You're welcome
Downfall was written by Malala Yousafzai. Do you like the author or genre?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Meinhof Complex is a drama/crime movie
The Baader Meinhof Complex is written by Bernd Eichinger and starred Alexandra Maria Lara.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. What do you think?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he's a singer.
I haven't heard that one yet, but I'll check it out
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Ayer and was released in 1847.
Yes, it is definitely a comedy, and it was released in 2005.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in WALL-E which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Youth in Revolt has a genre of drama
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have a great day
You're welcome
Blood Diamond was written by David Ayer. He also wrote A Clockwork Orange which is a thriller.
Djimon Hounsou played in Unlawful Entry which was also a good one
It was released in 2005
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is starring Kevin Zegers
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway, Meryl Streep, and Anne Hathaway.
I don't know any other movie she was in, but she was also in The Devils Prada, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
The Looking Glass Wars was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a romantic comedy.
The Last Colony and The Last Colony are two of my favorites.
The Bourne Identity is a thriller and The Bourne Supremacy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Seven Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Ponyo is an adventure film, Hayao Miyazaki also directed It, have you seen it?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, Ponyo is an adventure film, I'm not sure if it is an anime film, but it might be a sex or drama.
Sure, he wrote Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy.
There Will Be Blood stars Seth Rogen, Roscoe Lee Browne and Roscoe Lee Browne.
You're welcome.
Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of these?
Sure, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins, and Paula Hawkins, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, have you read The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think I would recommend it. It's a great book. It's a mystery novel.
You might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and The Lone Ranger
No, Nabokov did write that one
It is a fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and was released in 1947.
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden and released in 1946
Sure, he wrote Memoirs of a Geisha which is a book i would recommend
You're welcome
He's a great boxer, but I don't really know much about him. What do you think?
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko wrote it.
I don't know much about them, but Kevin Williamson also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Oh yea, that's right! I'm a huge fan of Thrillers.
It was written by Dr. Seuss.
There is a book called Wocket in my Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about that?
That's correct! Would you like me to add it to your Pocket?
I can tell you that Kung Fu Panda was released in 2013 and starred Kung Fu Panda 2 and was written by Ethan Hawkins.
He also starred in Monsters, Inc which is a comedy.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little.
Sure, Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
J.K. Simmons is the star of the movie.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, there is a lot of trailers available for you.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about him, but I know he was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha McElhone is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter.
The Truman Show was released in 1998. It is a drama/fantasy/drama.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2012.
The genre is fiction
Have you read The Hangover or The Hangover?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that type of book?
Great! You might also like the family series A Christmas Carol, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I will play it for you.
He directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those movies?
Inland Empire is a psychological thriller.
The star of Idiocracy is Roscoe Jenkins and Roscoe Lee Browne.
It was released in 2001. It is a great movie.
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
You're welcome.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Would you like me to recommend other movies with this author?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a drama and drama. Do you like dramas?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome
Ellen starred in The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you seen them?
Isn't he a tennis player?
I do not know much about tennis but I do know that Serena has won a lot of awards.
I think Tom Garfinkel is a great tennis player.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama and drama, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I think she is a great singer, but I don't really know much about her.
I don't know much about her, other than she's a singer, she's also a model, and a model.
I didn't know that! She's also a musician, singer, and actress.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Bourne Identity. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like Sandra Bullock?
The O.C. and The O.C. is also starring Peter Gallagher.
You're welcome
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist. Have you seen any of those?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is not the only book he has written.
You are welcome
I do! He's a midfielder for the Colombia National Football team.
I don't know much about him other than he played on the team. I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about FC Porto other than he was a midfielder and forward.
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't really follow tennis much.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Brett Ratner also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
That's a great Thriller. I'm not sure about Al Pacino, though.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005. Would you like more titles by this author?
It was written by Greg Mortenson.
Alice Sebold wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Sure. Lovely Bones was released in 2002 and it is a fiction.
Sure. Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah are some of my favorites.
Yes. Jack London wrote White Fang.
You're welcome.
I think she is a good tennis player, but I don't really follow tennis much.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know she is also a tennis player.
Hantuchova is a good tennis player. She lost to Rafael Nadal in 2012.
Yes, he was. He was a busy busy man.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Thor: The Dark World.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Thor: The Dark World.
Chris Weitz also wrote The Golden Compass, which is a fantasy movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen it but I think it was a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in Troy Garity
I don't think so, he did star in Elizabethtown, which is a thriller.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
You should check out Timequake by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Do you like it because it is a satire or because it is a satire?
Sure, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, John Sayles also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man, The Amazing Spiderman, and The Amazing Spiderman.
It is a drama/thriller. Do you like drama?
Phil Mickelson is an American golfer who won the 2010 Masters Tournament
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, other than he was a golfer.
I am not a big golf fan, I don't really know much about it.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in the movie. He also starred in The Incredibles.
I'm not sure if he was in the movie, but he did star in The Incredibles.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement and Who Moved My Cheese?
It is a self-help book.
That's a good one. I think it's more of a memoir.
Sam Taylor-Johnson wrote Nowhere Boy and starred in it.
Yes, Nowhere Boy starred Keanu Reeves, Rachel McAdams, and Rachel McAdams.
Nowhere Boy is a romantic comedy. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, do you like this one because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Monsters Inc which is an action film.
Yes, it is a political thriller - I think you'll enjoy it.
I do! She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway is a Thriller and was released in 1996.
I am not sure if it is good, but it was made into a movie too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a great movie.
I have not, but Chris Owen also starred in The Mist with Cherami Leigh. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen National Lampoon is another great movie starring Chris Owen, do you like his acting?
Yes, Woody Allen was great in Wesley Snipes. He was great in that movie.
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Angelina Jolie Pitt played the lead role
It is a thriller
The Last Samurai is a good one
have you watch xXx or xXx
you are welcome
Sure, Where the Sidewalk Ends was written by Arty poetry. Do you like that genre?
He wrote A Light in the Attic as well
The Giving Tree was written by Shel Silverstein, who also wrote A Light in the Attic.
You're welcome!
I know he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. I don't know much about him.
Taylor Swift is a great singer-songwriter. One of my favorite songs of hers is Rhythm and Blues which is one of my favorites.
Yes, Eyes open and Love Story is a great song
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption.
Seabiscuit was released in 2005. It's about a race horse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. It is a drama/thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a Romance/Comedy.
Yes, The Doors is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It's a good book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Divergent because it is a Speculative fiction?
Then you might also like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player from England
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What do you think of the Patriots?
Yes, they were the Superbowl XXXVIII team.
Sure, do you like the genre or would you prefer a particular genre?
She also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I don't know any other movies she has acted in but if you are looking for something similar to The Last Five Years, you should check out The Last Five Years.
I don't know any other movies she's acted in but I do know she's also a voice actor.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on any other comedies that she has starred in.
You're welcome.
E.H. Gormbrich wrote We Were Liars. Did you know he was a teacher?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
I am not a big sports fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, he is a cricket player. I don't really know much about him.
Sure, he wrote The Uglies Trilogy and The Proposal.
Great, I hope you enjoy it
Yes, I would suggest The Time Machine and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a Spanish professional footballer. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about football, I know he is a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he does. He also played for Manchester United F.C and Manchester United F.C.
I didn't know that. I think he is a very talented man.
Sure, he wrote The Illustrated Man and The Illustrated Man
Sure, he was born in Osnabruck, and was born in Osnabruck. He was born in Osnabruck.
Sure, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like The Subtle Knife or The Giver.
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
It was released in 2015
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and The Invisible Man.
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
She also wrote Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, it was written by James Robinson.
Yes he did direct Braveheart
Sure. He wrote The Matrix series, Braveheart has genre Thriller
Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2009.
It was released in 2005. It's a non-fiction book.
You're welcome!
I think they are a pretty good team, but I'm not a huge fan of the Redskins.
That's right, he's a great coach. Did you know he's also a football player?
I don't think so, but he was a former coach of the Redskins.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Steven Spielberg. He also wrote To Build a Fire to name a few.
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
Snow Crash is written by Robert Duvall.
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder.
The Cable guy is a Cable guy! Ben Stiller also wrote and starred in this movie.
Sure! Other comedy-dramas you might like are The Matrix series, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Series.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Never Let Me Go
It was released in my Own Hearts Blood in 2009. I don't have that information.
Zero to One is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
He directed The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Harlin also starred in Cutthroat Island.
Cutthroat Island was released in 1997
You are welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf, and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I am not a huge fan of the Bears. I think they would have a better chance.
I don't know much about the Bears. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Bourne Identity. Have you seen it?
I don't think so, but John-Henry also directed and starred in it. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend some other dramas if you like.
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend some other dramas if you'd like.
I don't know, but I do know that John Henry Butterworth was also a teacher, teacher, and teacher!
Yes, he's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the Union.
I don't have any information on what she's married to Gabrielle Union, but I can tell you that she's a singer/songwriter.
I'm not sure if it was written by Steve Harvey. Did you know he was also a teacher?
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know, but I do know that Gary Oldman also starred in The Aeon Flux and The Aeon Flux.
I don't have any examples of sci-fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Ethan Hawkins and Rupert Everett.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Peter Mensah also starred in the movie.
I don't have any other Fantasy recommendations, but I can recommend The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, she is the lead actor in the film.
I don't know where she was born in, but I do know she is also a film producer.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about baseball, but I do know that the Dodgers are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Magic Johnson, other than he's a baseball fan.
That's interesting. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What's your opinion
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, the version was released in 1942. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
I don't know any other books that was made into a movie, but I can tell you that The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston.
The Sword of Shannara is a great book. It's a historical fiction novel.
I don't know much about her other movies, but I'm sure there's The Sword of Shannara.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he's a football player.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for Manchester United. He's a midfielder.
I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
I don't know much about football. Sorry.
Patrick Suskind is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote Insurgent and Survived and starred in the movie. Have you heard of it?
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck, who also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Tropic of Cancer has a genre of Thriller and Drama. do you like these genres?
you should check out The Time Machine as well it is a fiction novel.
I'm sorry I don't know.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. It was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Bruges because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, it does star Robert De Niro, who also starred in the movie.
Helena Mattsson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou, which was written by William Shakespeare.
Thirteen is a romantic comedy and she also starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Sure! Holly Hunter also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead and starred Tom Wilkinson.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Stead.
It is a fiction novel.
He also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman.
2012 was a great book. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Sure A New Hope has a genre of action and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Interstellar stars Zoey Deutch and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction.
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know, but Chris Weitz also starred in American Pie.
She is also in American Pie, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I've never been to a tennis match. But, I'm not a huge fan of tennis.
I don't know much about tennis but I'm more of a tennis fan.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I don't have any more information on that here.
Sure, do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, Drama, and Action, have you seen any of these?
Logan is a sci-fi adventure film starring Kevin Dunn. Kevin Dunn also stars in the X-Men series.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Incredibles and The Incredibles.
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions which is a romantic comedy.
I like drama films, what about you, what do you like?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola
Godfather was released in 1998
The Green Mile was written by Stephen King, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Shawshank Redemption.
Stephen King also wrote The Shining, which is a horror story
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Stephen King.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't know any other books by her, but I can recommend you You Love Me.
All the Way Life Should Be is written by Christina Baker Kline.
I Am Legend stars Will Smith and Will Smith. It is a great movie.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
I am not sure, but Will Smith also starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Kristen Stewart. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know any other action films, but if you like action films you should check out Zodiac, X-Men 2 and World War Z
It is a thriller and adventure movie. I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he is a very talented singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was married to Cameron Diaz who starred in The Muppets
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was influenced by Selena Gomez
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, Les Miserables is written by Marie Antoine de Saint-Exupéry and stars Anne Hathaway.
Sure. You might also like The Looking Glass Wars, it is a musical theater movie.
I don't know any other films that you might like, but if you're interested in Grease, you might also like The Incredibles.
Yes, I do. The Deer Hunter is a Thriller and was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Meryl Streep is a talented actress
The River Wild also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team, but I don't follow them too much. Are you a fan?
It seems like they have a lot of misconception about them. I think they will make the best of the best in the world.
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
Yes, I did. Did you know that Renee Zellweger also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
It's a good one. I think you might also enjoy the sequel, Shark's Tale.
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketballer who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers of the National Basketball Association.
He has starred in many thriller films, including The Cuckoo's Calling and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you seen those?
J.K. Simmons is one of my favorite actors in the film.
Public Enemies stars Ronan Bennett, Helena Bonham Carter, and Robert De Niro. Are you familiar with these actors?
He was also in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
I don't know, but he was in the comedy The Rum Diary which is a comedy.
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
The Fugitive stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Anthony Hopkins.
It was released in 1997.
Yes, that was a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
He also starred in The Fugitive and The Fugitive.
Yes he was in The Fugitive as well as The Fugitive.
You're welcome!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Peter Pan was released in 1904. Would you like me to add Peter Pan to your reading list?
It's children's literature, similar to The Little White Bird.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome
Yes, Fast & Furious is a great movie starring Vin Diesel.
He also starred in XXX and XXX.
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
I am not sure about that. I do know that Joh Favreau is also a film producer.
That is a reality television drama. Did you know Joh Favreau also starred in it?
I am not sure but Kevin Nealon also starred in The Matrix Revolutions as well.
Yes he did. The Gazebo is a drama/crime and I think you will enjoy it.
The Gazebo is a drama/crime and was directed by Peter Graves.
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed it. He also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you seen it?
Family Guy is starring Seth MacFarlane and Seth MacFarlane
Seth MacFarlane wrote Home Guy and the animated version of Home Guy
Skyfall is a war movie starring Denzel Washington. Do you like war movies?
He has also starred in The Matrix series, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Quantum of Solace was produced by Ralph Fiennes and produced by Ralph Fiennes.
I don't have any information on the genre for the film. Sorry.
I do recommend Adventure. It is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington.
You're welcome!
I do! It was written by Charlaine Harris and it is a Speculative fiction.
I'm not a huge fan of Janet Evanovich, but if you like Janet Evanovich, you should definitely check out Out of the Dust. She's a great actress.
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one by him.
You're welcome.
Sure, David O. Russell is an American screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote, directed, and starred in The Incredibles. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it. It is a war film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read any of his books, but I heard it was a great book.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is one of my favorites!
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2009!
Sure! Max Brooks is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. He wrote The Big Lebowski. Have you read that?
It was released in 2004. It is a zombie movie.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
Great. I think you will like it. It also stars Ryan Reynolds.
Hope you enjoy them.
Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Fellowship of the Ring, The Fellowship of the Ring, The Fellowship of the Ring and many others.
Yes it was written by Michael Endes
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's married to Cameron Diaz.
Yes, Holden Scott wrote The Social Network and he also wrote The New York Trilogy
I do enjoy dramas. Did you know Rashida Jones is also in The Social Network?
Sure, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming. It is a great movie.
If you like action films, you should definitely check out True Lies. It is also a thriller.
Yes, Sneakers is a thriller and Robert Redford is also a spy film.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer. What is your opinion?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like books written by Alan R. Clarke or books in general?
Paulo Cohelo wrote El palacio de la medianoche and Alquimista.
Yes. Onze minutos is actually a book by Paulo Coelo.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in Unstoppable and The Long Walk. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she did star in that movie as well, along with Jeffrey DeMunn. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the United States of America. Are you a fan?
I like to watch American Football. What about you?
The Redskins are a great team. What do you think about them?
The invention of wings is a book written by Christopher Nolan. It was released in 1982.
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai and also in The Shining.
I don't know, but I do know that Tom Cruise also starred in The Pink Panther 2 and he's a romantic comedy.
Andy Garcia is a great actor. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure, Andy Garcia was also in The Wedding Singer and The Princess Diaries.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I haven't seen that one, but I'm a huge fan of Ned Beatty who is a good actor.
I have seen Jerry Maguire, isn't it?
I'm also a huge fan of rom-coms. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, Peter Berg directed The Kingdom of God. Have you seen that one?
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and action. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012.
Sure, you can try The Julian chapter. It was released in 2014.
Yes it was released in 2014
The Last Colony was also released that year
your welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He also starred in The Incredibles and The Incredibles.
I am not sure, but I know it was written by Bill Murray.
Nina Baym wrote The Scarlet Letter.
She also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romance novel.
Lifetime was written in 1895.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a young adult fiction book written by the same author.
Persuasion is written by James Kinsley and released in 1817.
Persuasion has a similarity to Persuasion.
Persuasion is in the romance genre. Another romance in the same genre you might like is The House of Mirth.
Great, enjoy the book!
Judd Hirsch starred in The Talented Mr. Smith. Have you seen it?
Tower Heist has starred in a lot of movies. It's a comedy and a comedy.
Tower Heist also starred Charlize Theron and Michael Pea.
You should check out The Manchurian Candidate if you are in the crime genre.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
I'm not sure if there's anything in Russian, but I can recommend Tolstoys War and Peace into English.
You're welcome!
I don't like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, but I do enjoy fantasy movies. How about you?
He did a great job in Troy. Did you know he also starred in The Good Doctor?
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards, released in 2005.
She also wrote The Secrets of a Fire King, The Memory Keeper's Daughter, and The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
What do you think of The Memory Keeper's Daughter?
Snow Crash was written by Neal Stephenson. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that kind of book?
Sure, Chris Evans starred in What's Your Number? and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
Chris Evans also starred in The Nanny Diaries. It is a romantic comedy.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby
Anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He was born in Switzerland.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was married to Mirkas Haas.
I don't think Tommy Haas has competed in any sports but he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors has a genre of Thriller, Scissors. Do you like Thrillers?
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2001. It's a great book! It's a great book!
I am not sure if there is a sequel to that book.
Enjoy!
Are you interested in any other books written by Jared Diamond?
It is a comedy and a comedy.
J.K. Rowling wrote it.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which was a similar movie.
He also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
Yes he did, he also starred in My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire Academy, which is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, she did. It was released in 1818.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you the book was released in 1999.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman and he also wrote The Graveyard Book.
The Graveyard Book was also written by Gaiman and it has a genre of Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a Speculative fiction book.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know, but 'The Giver' was released in 1997.'
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and starred in The Great Gatsby.
Sure, he directed The Making of the Atomic Bomb and The Making of Atomic Bomb.
Moon is a sci-fi/fantasy movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Moon has a genre of Warcraft, Code, and Drama.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I think the Seattle Seahawks will actually make it to the super bowl this year
Tom Brady would be my best friend to the Seahawks. what do you think about him?
yes Pete Carroll is a great player. what do you think about him?
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by George Lucas or because it was a Thriller?
George Lucas directed Fog City Mavericks
He also directed A Bug's Life, which is another great one
Yes, I do. It stars Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon.
Yes, Jeremy Renner also starred in Thor which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings was also written by him
The Seven dwarfs is a similar movie to Snow White and the Huntsman
I am not sure who starred in Grimms Fairy Tales. I would also recommend The Last Colony.
Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan and it's a young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
Percy Jackson is a fantasy novel, I would recommend The Lightning Thief: The Sea of Monsters, The Lightning Thief and The Lightning Thief.
I don't have that information, but I can recommend The Lightning Thief: The Sea of Monsters and The Lightning Thief: The Sea of Monsters, which is a fantasy book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She is a great actress. She starred in Water for Elephants and The Princess and the Frog.
She wrote Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy. Have you read it?
It was a romantic comedy starring Xander Berkeley and Rachel McAdams.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Have you read that one?
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. He also starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic also starred in Resident Evil.
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I love Lebron James, he is a great Athlete who is great at the right-arm off spin!
I don't know much about him, other than he's a basketball fan. What do you think?
Yeah, he's actually married to Gisele Bunda
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
This book was written by William Shakespeare, who also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number?, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Whatever It Takes is a romantic comedy - it is also starring Kyla Pratt
It was released in 2004.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is an American novelist widely known for her novel The Joy Luck Club.
The Joy Luck Club is a fiction book. She also wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
Yes it is! It's similar to Wuthering Heights, which is also a fiction.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
That's a great movie. Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. He's a great actor.
I don't know, but Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. He's a great actor.
It's a Thriller. I'm not sure what genre it is.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Tod Fennell also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
She wrote Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, and Pride and Prejudice, among others.
She wrote White Oleander and White Oleander.
Paint It Black was released in the 1980's and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 2005. She also wrote The Seven Samurai. Have you heard of that?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
It stars Samurai and Akira Kurosawa, and Akira Kurosawa.
Sure, I will send it to you.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by JK Rowling.
I do! He wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was released in 1862
I don't know much about Muc, sorry
Looks like he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is a classic.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Shane was also a star in the movie Awakening for Love
You're welcome
Sure. Jodi also wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book you might like.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1853.
That is correct! It was also made into a play!
You're welcome!
He's an American basketball player who played point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like to watch the Patriots. I also like to watch the Patriots.
I haven't. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by James Patterson?
He directed The Invisible Man and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth has a genre of Thriller, Fantasy, and Drama.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand also wrote We Are the Living
We the Living was released in 1957
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, I would recommend The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Have you read The Sea of Monsters? It is also a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Mark Osbourne wrote The Little Prince, The Little Prince, and The Little Prince.
Yes, Seth Rogan also starred in this movie as well. It is a comedy.
Sure! He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse which is a romantic comedy.
Great! I think you'll enjoy Superbad!
Do you like the author James Patterson who wrote 1st to Die?
She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins was written by Margaret Atwood, it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I'm not a huge basketball fan. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure where the team is located. I don't know much about basketball though.
I don't really know much about basketball but I do know it was a place to start.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself. How about you?
He is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about football but I do know that Tom Brady is also a football player.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan was also in the romantic relationship with Ethan Hawkins.
He wrote Boyne: The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Tragicomedy.
It was released in 1997.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Devil's Advocate was directed by Tony Tanner, do you like his work?
Blood In, Blood Out has a genre of drama, comedy, and drama. Do you like those genres?
Blood In, Blood In, Blood In
You're welcome
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like The Hunger Games: Catching Fire or The Golden Compass.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosney and released in 2007
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2014.
Not that I am aware of, but Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Insurgent.
You're welcome!
She wrote the Children's Literature
Anna Sewell was born in London in 1960. She was born in London.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard any of them but I do know that they are friends with Selena Gomez. Do you like them?
If I Never See Your Face Again is a romantic comedy, yes he does.
It is! The Voice is a great show!
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
I don't know, but Christina Baker Kline wrote the book, it was released in 2013.
Are you looking for something similar to Christina Baker Kline or something else?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend other movies by James Ellroy if you like.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Sure. You might enjoy The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, or The Maze Runner.
CCH Pounder is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter. Do you like any of those people?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in the Mortal Instruments City of Bones.
Yes, Aidan Turmer also starred in a thriller called The Long Walk. Have you seen it?
Zodiac is a crime fiction film, I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like him?
He doesn't play for the Seahawks, but he's a good quarterback.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I'm a Packers fan.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Station Agent and The Invisible Man. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Ponyo is a great family adventure film. You might also enjoy the X-Men series, X-Men series.
Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 and is in the English language. It's a great family adventure film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like Matt Damon because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
That's a great mystery! I think Matt Damon also wrote The Long Goodbye and The Long Walk.
It's a great movie!
It's a psychological thriller, if you like that kind of movie, I recommend it!
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I am a huge fan of him. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he's a football fan.
That would be a good luck to the Saints.
Sure! Bruce Willis wrote Hudson Hawk which is a comedy-drama film.
Then you might like The Incredibles or The Incredibles.
I don't have any information on any other actors in the movie, but I can recommend some other movies he's starred in.
I am not sure about that. It is a Thriller, Drama, Thriller and Drama.
Will do. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Me too! Did you know that Clint Eastwood also starred in Gran Torino?
Warm Bodies has Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict starred in it as well.
I believe Cory Hardrict starred in the movie The Day.
You're welcome!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Warbreaker is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2003
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because it is a Thriller?
Sure! You might also enjoy The Amazing Spider-Man 2 or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I don't have any information on that one, but I can recommend some other Disney films if you like.
Ender's Game was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Speaker for the Dead.
Orson Scott Card is an American novelist who wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
Orson Scott Card is also a Speculative fiction. Have you read that one?
Great, enjoy the books!
Sure, he directed The Darkest Road and The Darkest Road to name a few.
He did star in the movie, George Clooney was also in The Avengers.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Sure, Anthony Daniels also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
I don't know any other movies, but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Forrest Gump
You're welcome
I like A Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Me too! Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great Christmas movie.
Yes, The Black Cat was also released in 1843.
Yes. Fingersmith was also released in 19th century, and is a fantasy.
You're welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much more about them.
I don't know much about Ryan Moats. I don't know much about Ryan Moats.
I didn't know that. I do know that John Madden was born in Philadelphia
I didn't know that.
Sure, Watership Down was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work because it is a fantasy?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Two Towers is considered children's literature as well.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I'm not sure but they did lose to the Patriots in Super Bowl XXVIII.
I would say it will be a good game though.
Sure, Brad Pitt wrote Brad Pitt: The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Invisible Man, and The Invisible Man.
Troy is a good one. If you like Troy, you might also like Troy. It is also written by Brad Pitt.
United 93 is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet. Are you a fan of sci-fi fan?
The sequels are: Return of the Jedi, Return of the Jedi, Return of the Jedi, and Return of the Jedi.
Aeon Flux stars Keanu Reeves and Emma Stone. It's a great movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, I have seen 50/50. It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, he was. He also starred in Unstoppable, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a comedy/drama film.
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
I don't have any information on that author, but I can recommend another book called A Walk to Remember.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it's a good book for teens.
He's a great football player, but I don't know much more about him.
Yes, they are very good. Do you like any other movies?
Couples Retreat was a great movie. I loved him in Bride Wars.
Sure. Aliens is a sci-fi and adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Volcano was released in 2014 and the Transformer series was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't know if he acted in any action movies, but if you like action movies you might like World War Z or X-Men 2 if you like action movies.
Yes, he was also in Dante's Peak and a horror movie.
You're welcome!
I would recommend the Butterfly Effect. It was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Denzel Washington.
William Scott also starred in The Final Destination and The Final Destination
Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt
Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a comedy. Walter Koeing also starred in The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home stars Leonard Nimoya Home. Walter Koeing also starred in The Voyage Home.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
The Golden Compass is a thriller that you might like.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about sports but I do know it's very popular in the US.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he's also a tennis player.
I think they are a pretty good team, but I don't follow much sports.
I don't think so, but he was a coach for the Nets.
I don't think so, but he did coach the Milwaukee Bucks.
Memento is a thriller and thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers.
Yes, Calvin Harris is an American DJ, Record producer, Record producer, Record producer, Record producer, producer, producer and producer.
Rita Ora is an American singer-songwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer and screenwriter. She has been influenced by Taylor Swift.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Hobbit, and The Hobbit: The Hobbit.
Adam Brown also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Will do.
Have a great day
James Harden is a shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets. He's a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about him. I don't really know much about him except if he is a good player.
I don't think he is a good player
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was written by Philip Kaufman.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now
The Matrix is a different movie
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paula Hawkins and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, do you like The Maze Runner because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction. The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a great movie, have you seen it yet?
Will Gluck starred in Friends with Benefits and Friends with Benefits. Have you seen those?
Annie is a drama/thriller starring Peter Rabbit
He has also starred in a romance film, I think you would enjoy that one
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it is a romance or because it is romance?
Yes, he was. He was also a teacher.
Message in a Bottle was born in New York in the US.
Yes, the author of the book The Message in the Botte was Nancy Allen, the author of the book.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by David Payne.
You're welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Natalie Portman and stars Nicole Kidman. Do you like her work?
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was released in 2006 and is in English.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote A Christmas Carol. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons, have you read those?
Yes, the Crucible was also written by Christopher Bigsby.
He also wrote The Crucible, which is a tragicomedy.
That was the only one that I know of written by him, All My Sons.
I think they are a pretty good team but I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots.
They were a runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They're looking for a good team but they'll lose to the Patriots today.
Lolita is a famous author. Some of her other popular books are The Glass Castle and The Glass Castle. Do you like romantic novels?
Pale Fire was released in 1847.
great choice. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he was also a model?
I don't know anything about Jessica Biel, but Justin Timberlake also starred in What Goes Over Comes Around.
I have. Southland Tales is a great comedy-drama movie.
Parts One and Two is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Then you might like The Casual Vacancy, Parts One and Two, written by J.K. Rowling.
The Silkworm was written by J.K. Rowling, and it is a fantasy novel. You might also like The Casual Vacancy.
If you like that one, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Time Machine.
Sure, it was released in 1985 and was written by Frank McCourt.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling.
I don't know any other books by J.K. Rowling, but I can recommend some other Harry Potter books.
It's in the English language. It was released in the English language.
Yes, it is in English.
I'm showing that Bisco Hatori has written a number of books in English.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't know much about him. I know he's a football player.
I am more of a Basketball fan myself.
I'm not a huge fan of reality TV but I did enjoy the movie Space Jam.
I'm not a big American TV fan myself. I prefer American TV.
I don't know any of the movies Gordon Ramsey was in. Sorry.
Yes, Inception stars Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Last Temptation of Anne-Marie Duff.
Enigma is a drama/thriller and was released in 2005.
Will do. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is a screenwriter and screenwriter. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, he also directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
He has produced many movies, including The Incredibles, The Incredibles, and The Incredibles.
Your welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
I am not sure but Willow Frost was released in 2004. It is fiction.
You're welcome!
Selena Gomez is a great singer. Did you know she starred in Spring Breakers?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Selena Gomez was in it.
It's a great movie. I think Vanessa Hudgens was in it too. She's a great actress.
Sure, do you like Michael Parks because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
I am not a baseball fan, I do know that the Red Sox won the World Series if you like baseball.
I am not a baseball fan, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It would be a baseball team like the Red Sox, Tampa and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
I think he is a great golfer, but I don't know much more about him.
I don't know much about him. I know he was born in Honolulu.
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, isn't he a golfer?
The Hurt Locker stars Kathryn Sutherland and Katharine McPhee.
Yes he did. He also starred in Thor as well.
Sure, The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things has a genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Drama.
Sure, will do.
The Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League and the Patriots in the National Football Conference.
they moved to Arizona from New Orleans
college is a lot of fun to watch though.
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Manchester, other than Sergio Aguero is a soccer player. I don't know much about him.
I don't really know much about sports but I'm more of a tennis fan.
Yes, it was written in 1985 and was released in 1985.
Have you read anything by Debora Smith?
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider was written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is also a suspense / thriller.
It was written by James Dashner and released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Wilkinson. It was released in 2011.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a Romance Film you might like.
The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a Gothic Fiction, but it is more of a drama.
Sure, he wrote Lord of the Flies and Jurassic Park. Have you read either of those?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It is a great horror film.
Sure, a couple of actors are Zoey Deutch, Zoey Deutch, and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by Lisa See and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lady in the Lake has a genre of Romance and Fiction.
It sure is! I think you'll enjoy it.
I don't know much about badminton, but I know he was born in New Delhi.
Yes, she was also in the 2012 summer olympics.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is the same book
If you liked Romeo and Juliet, you should definitely check out The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet.
I don't know much about her other works, but I do know she is also a musician.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's a great singer and actress. What do you think of him?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was also a model?
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was released in 2005.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Roscoe Lee Browne.
The Aviator also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
He starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure, Spike Lee directed The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is in it. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian.
The Swan Thieves is a Thriller and Drama.
The Historian is a drama and drama and the Historian is also a film
Sure thing, I will send it now
Justin Rose is an American professional golfer born in London.
i don't watch much golf. what about you? what is your favorite?
no i don't know much about tennis. do you like any other sports?
Baseball is a lot of fun to watch but I don't really follow it.
i have never been to a sports venue
i think he is a good football player. do you like football?
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much more about them.
Georgia Dome is a great basketball player.
I am a Patriots fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Yes, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and was written by Marion Wiesel.
Yes, it was also released in 1958. That was the same year that The Man in Havana was released.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar and Vulgar
Vulgar is a thriller starring Ethan Suplee. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Scott was also in the Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, I can tell you that the band is friends with Selena Gomez who is one of my favorites.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Woody Harrelson.
I don't know if it is touring.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the New England Patriots, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
Yes, it is. Do you like any other football teams?
That's pretty much what you think about the Patriots.
He also won the MVP of the Year award.
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse James.
Hotel Rwanda is a great movie. He also directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Hotel Rwanda has a genre of drama and drama.
You're welcome!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
It was released in 2003. It's a great book!
Yes, Beatrix potter also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Order of the Phoenix
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by X-Men Origins wolverine and was released in 1847.
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Croods is a biographical film starring Tom Hanks.
It is a Thriller, Drama, and Animation.
The Proposal is a romantic comedy and it also stars Sandra Bullock.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
He also wrote Alice in Wonderland. Anything else I can help you with?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Incredibles was written by Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt also starred in The Maze Runner
It is a great family friendly movie, have you seen The Incredibles 2 or The Incredibles 2?
Ratatouille also stars John Ratzenberger. It is a family friendly movie.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't really know much about it, but I'm more of a tennis fan.
I don't know much about football, but I'm more of a football fan.
I like American Football. What about you?
I'm not much of a baseball fan. I don't really know much about the team.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song of hers is What's Your Number.
She is a great singer. I like her when she first came out with her singing career, she is a great performer
I'm not a big fan of the music genre. I'm more of a Pallbearer who is a great singer.
I like heavy metal and rock. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Matt Damon. It was released in 2010.
Do you like Shooter because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Another movie written by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, which is a thriller.
Rum Diary stars Morgan Freeman and Roscoe Lee Browne.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
That's true. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
No, I haven't but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Serenity is a great movie, one of the main stars was Emma Stone. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
It's a good one! I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Michael Gondy is an American actor who starred in Taken and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Be Kind Rewind starred Quinton Aaron and Quinton Aaron. It is a comedy-drama.
I do! I love Adam Levine. How about you?
Overexex is a great song. I also like Till the Futures and the Thrillers.
I like that song too, I think it is a first one.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was in the movie The Wiz. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about her, but I did know that Diana Ross was in the movie The Wiz.
I agree. Then you'll love it. It's a great movie.
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
Manchester is a great team, coached by Gary Platt and Sergio Agüero.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the France national team.
Sure, do you like Shrek because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
That is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like thriller movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you it was written by Lea Thompson.
I am not sure about that. I do know Randy Quaid also starred in The Wild Life.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush, Hush Hush.
I don't know what other books she wrote, but she also wrote Silence.
Hush hush is a Thriller
You're welcome
The Simpsons movie was directed by Tim Burton, did you know that?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie, which is a funny one.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but David Silverman also directed it.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a Thriller, and Rango.
Rango is a drama/fantasy starring Denzel Washington. It is a Thriller/Drama.
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like 21 jump street because it is a drama?
Ride along has a genre of comedy, comedy, and comedy.
You're welcome.
I don't have any recommendations for comedy movies but I can recommend some other comedy movies you might like like The Incredibles or The Avengers.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess, which is a romance novel.
I haven't read The Tale of the Body Thief, but I haven't read it yet.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Rick Riordan.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secrets.
The Passage was released in 1997. It's also in the Speculative fiction genre.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do! She wrote Mansfield Park, which is a fiction novel.
Mansfield Park has a genre of Historical Fiction.
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Would you like to know about other romance novels?
Then you'll probably enjoy the next in the series, Mansfield Park.
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the the Orient Express, what do you think about it?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
They fall into a Thriller/Fantasy genre.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romantic comedy and a romantic comedy. She also starred in The Visiteurs.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know any of his recent songs, but I do know that he's a singer, songwriter, and musician.
Yes, he is. I don't know much about Leesburg though.
I don't know what record he's with.
Great choice! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Great actor Viva Zapata also starred in Young Lions, The Wild One, and The Hunt for Red October.
I'm sorry I don't, but Viva Zapata also starred in Young Lions.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball fan. I do know he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
Not really a basketball fan, but I do enjoy watching the NBA. How about you?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
He also won the NBA All-Rookie Team.
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Luigi Pistilli also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly
Yes, she was also in The Notebook.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about any drinks, but I do know that one is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't know much about it, but I can tell you that she starred in the comedy Valentine's Day
He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a great movie.
Ok, I will send it to you.
ok weight loss was also a good movie
Sure, do you like The Dark Knight because it is a superhero movie?
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a good fantasy movie.
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are in that genre.
Starsky & Hutch is the winner of the blockbuster award.
I hope you enjoy it.
The House of Mirth is a great book by her.
The Blue Castle came out in 1987.
The Invisible Man was also released that year.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in The Tao of Pooh and The Nutcracker. Have you seen those?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have any information on that one but I can recommend other movies in Rodanthe.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Mist and The Green Mile.
The Mist and The Green Hornet are both great horror movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
David Guetta is a composer and songwriter. He wrote Night of Your Life and Love is Gone.
I do like his music, what about you, what do you think of him?
I like the song When Love Takes Over. What is your favorite artist?
I like him as well. He is a composer, screenwriter and screenwriter.
The Interview was written by Cyrys Nowrasteh. He also wrote The Young Messiah.
it is a thriller and it stars Alone With Her. Do you like thrillers?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Do you like Knocked Up because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Funny people came out in 2005.
Funny people is a comedy starring Eminem and Ray Romano.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Paul Pogba is going to play for Chelsea in the Premiere league.
Yes, they were the runner up in that match.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, other than he is a football player.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
It is a romance, comedy, and a comedy. Do you like romance?
I'm not sure if Spike Lee directed it, but he did direct it.
Sue Monk Kidd is an American novelist, poet, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, and screenwriter are some of her works. Are you interested in any of those?
He is influenced by Rachel McAdams, who is also an author.
Yes, he is from the US.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It's a Historical novel, similar to The Lacuna.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I think she is a great singer and actress. I think she's also a model and a model.
Yes, he did. Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts were also in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I like Ashton Kutcher. He's a great actor. He's been in many films.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris. It's a great book.
Sure! It is a Thriller and was released in 2004. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it is a romantic comedy?
Skyfall is a comedy and drama movie
X-Men Apocalyse
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I didn't know that. I think Mike Zimmer is the coach for the Minnesota Vikings.
Well, from what I've heard, the Steelers were the runners up in Super Bowl XXX.
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was written by John Green and starred Tom Hanks.
I don't know much about thrillers but I do know it was produced by Christopher McQuarrie.
I have not seen Unfinished Business but I have heard it is a good movie.
I do like that genre. It is a really good movie.
I like rock. I'm a big fan of Selena Gomez.
Did you know Zipper was released in 2005?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
I don't know if it is the same, but it is also Young adult fiction.
You're welcome
It was released in 2003 and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. She's a great actress!
Working Girl is a romantic comedy also starring Olivia Wilde
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a baseball team, and Angela's Ashes is a football team.
Yea, there are a lot of great films shot there. Did you know Angela's Ashes was also a coach?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like 21 Jump Street because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Channing Tatum also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
I don't have that information.
Your welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great book written by Oz. Do you like books by Oz?
Yes she has a great voice. She's a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. Sam & Cat was a great show. It was a great comedy.
I don't know anything else about that one. I think I heard it was a good one.
I am not sure about that one. I do know she passed the guitar and the guitar.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
It came out in 2001.
There and Back Again was released in 1937.
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. Have you seen it?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team. He is also a midfielder.
I am a huge fan of the Redskins. How about you?
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
X-Men: First Class is fantasy. Would you like to hear more fantasy movies?
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote and starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Groundhog Day stars Seth Rogen and Roscoe Lee Browne. It is a comedy-drama film.
Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy. It is also starring Michael Shannon.
Vivica A. Fox is a sci-fi film he was in.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2005. Would you like to know more about it?
The Sky Crawlers was written by Philip Pullman, and it is starring Kyla Pratt.
I don't have any information on any other actors in the Sky Crawlers.
Sure, now playing it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is also a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not heard of her song, but I heard she is a great singer.
No, I haven't heard it yet. What is your favorite song of hers?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she was born in Nashville.
He has also written Truman Capotes In Cold Blood, which is a thriller.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Anne Hathaway and Roscoe Lee Browne, do you like any of these actors?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a great cast. Audrey Hepburn also starred in it as well.
I do. Steve Jobs Jobs Jobs was released in 2011 and he was the executive producer of the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure. SteveJobs starred in the sci-fi film The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
It is a comedy/drama film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Guy Kawasaki has been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of movies, including The Devil Wears Prada, The Invisible Man, and The Devil's Advocate.
The Art of the Things Things Happened to Goodbye is a good one.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie. Have you read those?
The Ugly Truth Truth is written by Jeff Kinney. what else can i do for you?
It was released in 2004
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he's a midfielder.
I don't know any other point guards that I know. I know he's also a basketball player. I don't know much about basketball.
That's right. I'm not sure if I'm familiar with that. Isn't that a book?
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
I don't know much about the baseball Manger. What is your favorite team?
I like the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I think he's a good soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him other than he's a forward. What's your opinion
I don't know much about him, but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Sure, Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and starred in Van Helsing.
The Mummy Returns has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like these genres?
Sure, you might also like The Mummy Returns. It's also considered a fantasy.
The Hills Have Eyes is a fantasy movie. It's also a great movie to watch.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Then you might also enjoy Wild Hogs or Wild Wild West. Have you seen those?
Then you might also enjoy The Invisible Man. It is also starring Shirley Henderson.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage also starred in it?
Sure, you might like Catch-22. It's a great action movie.
Pound of Flesh stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Tempted, Revealed, Revealed and Revealed.
Young adult fiction is the genre for young adult fiction. If you like that you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, Wicked Lovely is actually part of a series by J.K. Rowling.
Then you might also enjoy The First Four Years written by P.C. Cast. Have you read it yet?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
It is a Thriller and Drama.
I would recommend The House of Mirth or The Invisible Man. Both are considered romance.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. I think they will win the Super Bowl this year.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She seems to be married to Gisele Bundchen.
Do you like the movie because it is a crime movie or because it is a crime movie?
The Town was a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Rachel Blake
It was directed by Eli Craig
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, WALL-E is written by E.B. White. Would you like to know more about WALL-E?
X-Men 2 and World War Z are both great Sci-fi movies.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hardy, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
I don't know what else he directed, but he did have a great day to watch.
I think he is a great singer, but I don't know much about him. Isn't Katy Perry a fan?
I didn't know that! That was a great movie. Did you see it?
I don't know much about Russel Brand, but I heard he is a good actor.
Yes, the Millers is a great movie. Did you know the movie was based on a book or movie?
I haven't seen 10 Days, but I've heard it's a great movie!
That is a great movie! Did you know he also starred in The Incredibles?
Yes, I do. It was written by Wears Prada and stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway.
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a romantic comedy.
I have not seen it, but I do know it is a comedy drama
You are welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse are the best in that genre.
The main lead in the X-Men series is X-Men: Apocalypse
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Thomas E. Connolly also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Sean Penn and starred Sean Penn.
Yes, he is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It stars Johnny Depp and is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Sure, I would recommend The Rum Diary or The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is Fantasy.
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
It is a Speculative fiction. Dorian Gray was released in 2005.
It came out in 1960. It's a historical novel.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
Throne of Glass starring Sarah J Maas is a similar movie
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it, and starred in it.
I agree, she is a great actress. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer player.
I don't know much about her, other than she's from Columbia. What's your favorite?
Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a family movie?
He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Denver Broncos. What is yours?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What about you?
They are a football team - like the Patriots
I'm not a big soccer fan, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer.
I like soccer. I'm more of a American Football fan myself.
I don't know much about him, other than he is a football player.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
He has also written The Lone Ranger and The Lone Ranger
I don't know anything else that was released in 1989
ok great choice
Pacific Rim is a Thriller starring Jim Carrey. Do you like adventure films?
The Choocolate Factory is a family movie, I would suggest you watch it if you haven't seen it
Yes he is in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, I haven't seen it yet.
Then you should definitely watch the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, Man on the Moon is a romantic comedy. Another one of Milo's most popular films that you might enjoy is The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Yes, I would recommend Prefontaine, it is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Well, if you liked that one, you should definitely check out The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Secrets of a Shopaholic and Shopaholic to the Rescue.
Vanishing Girls has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
The Tambourine was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
Yes, he is also a composer and songwriter.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yes, the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award was also awarded for this award.
He was born in New York in the 1980's.
That was a great movie. Did you like The Island because it was a sci-fi?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland, which is a sci-fi movie.
Moby Dick is a great actor. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome.
Christian Bale is a great actor. My favorite movie of his is Seven Psychopaths. What is yours?
That is a great movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in it?
Batman was released in 2006 and is a drama/thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
The Throne of Fire is the next book in the series
you are welcome
He's a football player for Real Madrid. He's a great player.
I don't know much about football but I do know that Sergio Aguero plays on the Argentina national football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
He wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is in English.
Exactly. Waiting for the Barbarians was also released in 1980.
oh ok
I don't know much about them except that they were the Runner-up in Super Bowl XLI
I like basketball but I don't know much about the sport either.
I don't know much about New York Knicks. What is your opinion
Sure, Voltaire wrote Vivica A. Fox and The Virgin's Lover.
It was released in 2005 and is a musical theater.
I would recommend The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. It is a satire.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Winnie-the-Pooh was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Tao of Pooh.
He also wrote The House at Pooh Corner and The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, do you like any other sports?
Yes it is in Goodson Park, have you seen it?
Real Madrid C.F is coached by Carlo Ancelotti and Jose Mourinho.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for Real Madrid.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Patriots.
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more of her books?
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player for the Argentina national team?
It is a speculative fiction.
oh ok .
Marina is in the English language.
yes it does have a Spanish version
youre welcome
Not really a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I am not sure about that. I do know that the Mets have a good year for the Mets.
I don't know much about the Mets. I do know that Fred Wilpon owns the New York Mets.
I don't know much about them except they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I don't know much about the team other than he was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
LIKE TheM Haha is a great player. What about you?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I do! She wrote The Princess Diaries which is a Speculative fiction.
Trace is a good one, she wrote a lot of children's literature, including Tears of the Earth.
That was also a great movie, have you seen the movie yet?
Yes, he is also a writer.
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray, which was released in 1891
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
Sure! He starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that one yet?
Jamel also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Les visiteurs is also a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know, but I do know it is in English.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about golf, but I do know that he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I haven't. I'm more of a golf fan myself. What about you?
I'm not sure if he's from Northern Ireland, but I've heard he's a good golfer.
Sure, Tron: Legacy has a genre of Thriller, Sci-fi, adventure, and adventure. Do you like these genres?
It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
Sure Tron: Legacy has been a great season! I think you will enjoy it.
Great, have a great day!
District 9 is written by Neill Blomkamp and starred Keanu Reeves. Do you like Thriller movies?
Then you might also like Shark Night. Shark Night is also a thriller that you might like.
The Neon Demon stars Keanu Reeves and Joel David Moore to name a few.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about her but I do know she starred in a movie called A Thousand Years.
That is true. Did you know Jar of Hearts was influenced by William Shakespeare?
My favorite singer is Taylor Swift. What is yours?
I'm not sure about that. I think it was released in 2003.
Yes, I do. The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, Fiery Cross was written by Diana Gabaldon, and it's a speculative fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
Sure! He also wrote Gravity's Rainbow, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you read it?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II? It is a comedy
Old School is a comedy . what else can i do for you?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that Kyrie Ivring is a professional basketball player.
Yes, it is a great movie written by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but I haven't read the Nightingale. It's a great book.
She did. Winter Garden was also written by Shel Silverstein. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe.
He wrote a lot of books in Spanish
Would you like any other books written in English?
There are many to choose from but there are many to choose from
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Seth Rogen and Seth Rogen.
She has also written The Matrix Series, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Brave has a genre of Thriller
Family Movies is a good family movie. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome
The Houston Rockets are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Houston, and coached by Gary Kubiak.
The 2008 drafts were the runner ups
I don't know much about Hardaway, but I do know that he was born in New York
I don't know much about him other than he is
The Gunslinger was released in 1982 and was written by Stephen King. Would you like more books by him?
Mr. Mercedes was released in 1987. Stephen King also wrote The Green Mile. Have you read that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fight Club because it is a romance or because it is a drama?
Zodiac is a Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller.
It was produced by David Fincher
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns, but I do know that Tom Brady is the owner of the Browns.
I don't know much about the Texans. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I don't know much about the Browns. I don't know much about the Texans.
That's pretty much all I know about the Browns.
He starred in X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen that?
He also wrote The Last Samurai
I am not sure but I can tell you that Jay Rubin is also a scientist
I am not sure but I can tell you that Jay Rubin is also a teacher
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Saulius Dagboekbrieven
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction. It was released in 2011.
Sure, Saulius Dagys also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is also a Memoir.
You're welcome.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action/Adventure movie similar to Transformers: Dark of the Moon.
Predators has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, Thriller, sci-fi, and adventure
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson, have you seen it?
Insurgent is starring Veronica Roth and was directed by Veronica Roth
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do! It was written by Billie Letts and released in 1960.
Some of Billie Letts' other examples are The Honk and Holler Opening Soon
He also wrote The Crucible, which is a drama.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Topher Grace is a great actress! She also starred in The Lorax, which is a romantic comedy.
It is! Too Big to Fail stars Sex in the City, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he was in Too Big to Fail too. He was great in his role as well.
William Hurt also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
He is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Incredibles?
Scarface is a crime movie. Another crime movie you might like is A Bug's Life.
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or science fiction movies?
The Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I don't know much about the Panthers, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about the Patriots. What is your favorite team?
I would. Outlander is written by Steven Spielberg and a speculative fiction.
Yes, Outlander is a great Sci-Fi book written by Diana Gabaldon and is a great read.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now, is another great Sci-Fi book you might enjoy.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Then you might also like the book Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might also like the book Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome
I think they are a good soccer team, but I don't really follow soccer much.
Well, I'm a huge football fan, but I don't know much about him. What's your opinion?
I don't know much about him, other than he's a soccer player.
One for the Money is a crime fiction. Do you like this genre?
The Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Twilight was also written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, it is part of the Twilight series
You're welcome
Inside Out was written by Dan Brown and stars Denzel Washington. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, Mindy Kaling also starred in WALL-E which is a comedy.
This is the End has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Sure, Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a romantic comedy.
Sarah Silverman has a television show called The People Speak, which is a romantic comedy.
She has been in a number of movies. She has starred in The Sarah Silverman Program, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, Ron Howard wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Well, he directed The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, and The Maze Runner to name a few.
Well, I don't have any recommendations for anything more recent.
Yes, Robin Hood directed Robin Hood. Would you like me to send it to you?
Mr & Mrs Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like Troy, which is a comedy.
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller and a Drama. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes he did. The Box was written by Richard Kelly.
The Box is a Thriller and a Thriller.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. It was directed by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
The Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Throne of Glass genre. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Tower of Dawn is a fantasy and a similar book is The Assassin's Blade
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama starring Matt Damon. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It is a drama and a biography. Do you like Beatrice Sparks?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the Proposal because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
You should check out The Proposal or The Proposal.
All About Steve is a comedy and drama.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the book, but I know it was written by John Green.
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
It's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome!
Sure, Outlander was written by Ted Tally. Ted Tally wrote Outlander and it is speculative fiction.
It was released in 1945.
It is a science fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you familiar with her work?
I believe so. She also wrote The Secrets of a Fire King.
Lola and the Boy Next Door has genre Fiction
You're welcome
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Wakko's Wish, which is a great movie.
He also starred in The Matrix series, which is a great family movie.
Isn't she a tennis player?
I like either Venus or Serena or Venus better than Serena.
Hair Show is a comedy starring Selena Gomez and Selena Gomez.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, and The Maze Runner. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Kristen Stewart, Anne Hathaway, and Naomi Watts to name a few.
Yes, it is a comedy, starring Matt Frewer and Billy Crudup.
Sure, you might like The Maze Runner or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it's a series by Elizabeth George Speare, and the next in the series is The Silkworm.
Sure, I would recommend The Golden Compass, it is a great read.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a drama. It was released in 1938.
I don't have that information. However, I do know it was also written by Daphne du Maurier.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
Case Keenum is a football player. He's also a former New York Jets player.
Kevin Costner is their coach. Do you like any other teams?
What sports do you like?
I don't know much about basketball but I heard he's a great player.
He's a soccer player for the Spain national football team.
I don't have that information. However, Andrés Iniesta is also on the Spain national football team.
Yes, they are home stadium at the Renaissance Arena.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
A Wind in the Door has a genre of Adventure.
Then you will like Zoe's Tale is a great science fiction book
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien
I do, he is a very talented singer, songwriter, and songwriter. What do you think?
My favorite song of his is What's yours?
I haven't. What is your favorite song of his?
Sure, he wrote The Phantom Tollbooth and The Phantom Tollbooth.
The Phantom Tollbooth was released in 1985 and is in the English language. It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
He is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, Woody Harrelson also starred in Wildcats
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement which was written by Pierre Jeunet
Micmacs stars Jean-Pierre Jeunet and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zulu stars Seth Rogen and Roscoe Lee Browne. Zulu is a thriller.
You're welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of fiction.
He has also written The Importance of Being Earnest and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read those?
I like to read them both. I think they will enjoy them.
It was released in 2005. It's a great book for young children.
Emma's written by Emily Watson and is a Speculative fiction.
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies and Sense and Sensibility.
Lady Susan was released in 1818 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great golfer. He won the 2012 Masters Tournament.
Tilda Swinton starred in Waterworld, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Red Violin is a great mystery movie starring Tilda Swinton. It is also a Thriller and was released in 1994.
Sure, I will do.
