Sure, do you like action movies?
The movie was adapted into a film as well as produced by Scott Cooper. Would you like to see it?
Yes, Death Wish has the genre Crime and Drama. It was released in 2011.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a classic, but it is more of an action movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1929.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2011
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Wright and Bill Murray. It is a great movie.
She's been in a number of films including There's Something About Mary, There's Something About Mary and There's Something About Mary.
I don't know, but I know she starred in I Am Comic with Vanessa Redgrave
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
no but she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye.
that is correct. have you heard of The Moon and More?
I agree they are very helpful. i hope you enjoy them!
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
The Guard is a drama. It also stars Don Cheadle. Have you seen it?
Yes, it stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle and Liam Cunningham.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know he plays cricket and is from India
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C.
Toni Kroos is on the team. He is a very good player as well.
Mike Newell directed Zero Dark Thirty which is a crime fiction film
Yes, it was written by Robert C. O'Brien and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Okay, enjoy!
I think he's the best small forward of all time, he's won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
No, I don't know about him. Is he a basketball player?
I'm a basketball fan. I'm a big American Football fan. What about you?
That's a good one. I'm also a huge fan of Seth Rogen who plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm more of an American Football fan. I like to watch the Bulls and the Chargers sometimes.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey.
Yes, he was in Star Trek. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
It was released in 2004.
Sure, no problem!
Frank Finlay starred in Wilde and The Golden Compass. Would you like to watch that one?
Sure! Other romance films in the Romance genre include True Blood, Twilight, Waiting Room, and Waiting Room. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome.
I haven't seen that movie, but I heard it stars Spike Jonze.
I do like thrillers, but I haven't seen any of them. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
He directed several movies and it's a great movie! Have you seen it?
It was written by Stephen E. Levine and is a comedy film.
Great actor. Brian Geragtly also starred in We Are Marshall.
If you like horror films, you should check out Out of Sight.
I'm not sure if it is a Horror film, but it was released in 1994.
You are welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is starring Michael McKean. Would you like to see the other movies he stars in?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film starring Hugh Jackman and it was released in 1994.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more books by this author?
The Painted Veil is a fiction that was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. It is a post-apocalyptic fiction.
The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare, would you like more books by her, or more books by her?
Cassandra Clare, also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Glass
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who starred in Unforgiven but I know it was written by David Ayer.
Morgan Freeman wrote The Wildest Dream which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I haven't seen it yet but I've heard it's a great movie.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about Josh Hutcherson?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games which is a science fiction film
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away. What genre are you looking for?
I don't know much about her newer music, but I do know that she starred in Swept away with Shakira. She is a very talented singer.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snatch which was a comedy. Have you seen it?
I know he plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
I believe he played for the Pune Warriors in Chennai. Are you a fan of Cricket?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
The Muppets. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written several books. what else can i answer for you?
Arsenal is a sports team. Are you a fan?
Not really. I know that they play in the National League East and are owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
I'm always happy to help!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen.
It is a comedy and also starring Daryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Yes it was released in 2015.
No problem
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 stars Liam Neeson Neeson, he also starred in Taken 3.
Correct, Taken 3 stars Taken 2 and Taken 3. Liam Neeson also stars Taken 2 and Taken 3.
Great! Enjoy!
I don't really follow them that much. I do know that they are having a good season. Are you a Packers fan?
I have not heard of it since they haven't won any championship this year.
Yeah Mike McCarthy is a great player as well.
Iron Man was a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I do! He starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
She is a great actress. Did you know that she also starred in No Strings Attached is a good one.
George Clooney is a great writer and actor. He also wrote The Fantastic Mr. Fox. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you looking for other books by Dean Koontz or other thrillers?
Trunk Music is written by Philip K. Dick. It was also turned into a film.
Great choice! J.K. Rowling also wrote The Lord of the Rings, which is a book if you're interested.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American Author. He wrote The Muppets which is a very good book.
I don't know too much about her music. What genre do you like?
Certainly, do you like Nicki Minaj as well?
Of course. Something Borrowed has genre Romance. Would you like to hear about other novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year Zoolander was released.
I like thrillers. Some other great ones are The Return of the Native and The Bone Clocks.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis who also wrote Judd Apatow.
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie Groundhog Day. Have you seen that one?
He also wrote Year One, which was a comedy-drama. Would you like to watch that one?
Vacation is a horror film starring Bill Murray and Ed Harris. It was released in 1994
I don't have information on his films but he wrote Year One.
You're welcome.
I know he was a songwriter and musician but I don't know a lot about him. Do you like him?
I think he is a good writer
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't heard of any of his music
There's Something About Mary is a great book written by Bobby Farrelly. It is a speculative fiction.
I agree. Did you know Matt Dillion also wrote There's Something About Mary?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Willie Garson also stars in the X-Men movie as well.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both were released in the 1980's.
I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. Other similar books are The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and Jane Austen
Animal Farm is a Novel. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, I do! She is a wonderful author. Some of her works include The Color Purple and The Color Purple
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1943
Temple of My Familiar is a fiction
You are welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it stars Jada Pinkett Smith, or because it was a comedy?
Ok. Have you seen the sequel to the drama/mystery genre?
Lady Vengeance stars Gemma Arterton, Leigh Brackett, and Joan Rivers.
Sure, she also stars in the suspense film, The Proposal.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these?
He produce the sci-fi film Ang Lee starred in.
Woody Allen has written a number of films, including Tom Hanks, Annie Hall, and Annie Hall. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have that information. However, Woody Allen has written a number of classics including The Black Dahlia, The Queen's Fool, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
It is a fiction novel. Have you read it?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Steven Spielberg wrote Jurassic World. Would you like to know who wrote it?
There was! Jurassic World is a sequel to Jurassic World.
Correct! Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about golf but I know he won the 2005 PGA Championship.
I am not familiar with that movie, I love Adam Sandler movies. Do you?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman is a fantasy.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht and Joel Coen. Have you seen it?
Cool! Scream 4 is a horror Thriller and stars Scream 4. is a horror Thriller.
I agree! I'll have to check it out!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear about movies starring Tom Cruise?
Then you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
I think you'll enjoy the first one or watch the first one.
Bob Peck has starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, have you seen any of those?
Surviving Picasso is a German nationality. He also starred in the movie A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a drama.
Joss Ackland is a children's literature written by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Little Prince is a historical fiction genre.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is that a comedy?
He was in it as well. It was a very funny one. It was really funny.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Me too! Roderick Thorp also wrote Hudson Hawk, which is an action film.
Yes, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis. Roderick Thorp also produced it.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I know a lot about Alien, but I know that Alien is written by John Grisham and Chris Hemsworth
The most popular sci-fi movies are; Cloverfield, World War Z, and Cloverfield. Have you seen any of those?
Bats is a fictional super hero movie. It's part of a series. The first in the series is titled Gossip Girl. It's also a part of a series followed by a sequel to it as well.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film The Invisible Man. Have you seen it?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
Yes! She also starred in Wrath of the Titans, which is a horror film.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Alice Braga is in The Rite and Repo Man.
Repo Men was written by John Lennon. He is a great writer.
Eric Garcia is a great writer. He wrote The World According to Garp and The Mortal Instruments
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room and The Vile Village
The End was released in 2014 and it is a mystery/fantasy
He is a non-fiction writer and was influenced by Virginia Woolf
I do, did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes he does, he is a great child. He has a son named Seth Rogen in the 90s.
No I haven't seen it but I will definitely check it out. Thanks for the information!
Ok I will send you a link now.
Yes, I do. He starred in Tumbleweeds and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen either?
Windtalkers is a drama. Warrior is a drama. It's written by Tom Hanks.
Windtalkers stars Temuera Morrison and Janet Evanovich. It's a great film.
I hope you enjoy it.
He is one of the best soccer players in the world in my opinion. He plays for FC Barcelona, right?
I do, I used to play for the Argentina national football team. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I agree with you! What do you think about Argentina?
Harry Potter and the cursed child is a book written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, which is a children's literature.
I don't know too much about Kansas City Chiefs, but I'm more of an American Football fan. Are they your team?
I'm not sure what color the color is. I do know that they play in the National Football League.
Well, I believe they are in the AFC West. I'm not sure how they're doing this season.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It is a speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
Yes, it was written by Terry Gilliam and was released in 2008.
That is a good read. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think he is a very talented singer. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That might be a good one. I like independent music too.
I can't think of any of his songs, but I know the Weeknd also starred in The BFG which is a really good one.
You're welcome.
Definitely, he won the Irving award for the novel The World According to Garp and The Pacific Crest Trail.
I don't know too much about basketball but I know they are part of the National Basketball Association
That's the final. That's a tough division.
He directed The Dark Knight Rises starring Christian Bale and Christopher Nolan
He is a Russian author. His novel "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" is a novel in the Crime genre. Does that interest you?
Yes, it is рестуление и накаание is written in English.
That is correct. He also wrote рестуление и накаание.
You are welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy novel. It is also part of a series.
I would recommend The Golden Compass. It's part of the series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Borussia Dortmund team.
He is a defender for the Dortmund team. He is a forward for FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he is a famous athlete who plays as a forward for the Borussia Dortmund team.
I haven't seen this movie, but I heard it was good. Is it the book written by Stephen King?
I have A Corn of Thorns and Roses, have you read it?
She also wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
I would recommend A Corn of Thorns by Sarah J. Maas.
You're welcome!
He directed The Terminator and The Abyss. Have you seen either of those?
That's correct. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Kate Winslet is a romantic comedy.
Titanic was released in 2006. James Cameron also starred in The Aviator.
You are welcome
Madame Bovary is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his works?
Then you might also like Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a romance novel. It is similar to The Stars My Destination.
She wrote The Hunger Games, Mockingjay, and Mockingjay.
I like Serena Williams better. Do you have a favorite player?
Did you know he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
That's correct Venus is an excellent female player as well.
Yes, she is a female golfer in Hawaii.
That's correct. Did you know she won the PGA Championship in 2012?
It's amazing. Did you know she won the PGA Championship in 2006?
Sure! She is a very talented writer. She wrote The One Plus One and The One Minute Manager.
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, Sylvia Day also wrote Three Cups of Tea
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 2001.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was also a part of a series. I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read his book, but I know he wrote The Godfather.
Carlos is a 1994 film starring Tom Hanks and Kurt Russell. Would you like to know more about this film?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 1994.
Sure! Do you like books written by Dr. Seuss or are you a fan of the authors?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Sense of Sex and Behind the Sun. Have you read either of these?
Fracture Me was released in 2014, and Destroy Me was written by Gia Coppola. It's a novel.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 2014. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
The Shadowhunter's Shadow is a good fantasy novel. It was released in 2014.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
It was originally published in 2003. It also has a genre of Novel!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure thing! He directed Finding Neverland. Have you seen that one?
Machine Gun Gun is a fantasy and Finding Neverland is a fantasy.
Robert De Niro is a big name in Neverland.
It came out in 2005.
Sure. Enjoy
You're welcome
I know he wrote a Speperate Peace
It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
Enjoy!
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read that?
Pride and Prejudice is another one. Have you read that one?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great one.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on those works at this time.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue
Okay, if you're looking for something similar to The Giver, I can give you some other books a try.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it was written by David Fincher?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen the whole Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. JK Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Certainly, Mindy is a big fan of Thriller and Mystery. Do you like either of those genres?
It is a crime fiction starring Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling. It was released in 2004.
Yes, it's a drama. It also stars Mindy Kaling
I hope you enjoy it!
Aylmer Maude wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote Aylmer Maude and Aylmer Maude.
Yana Toboso also wrote аренина, аренина, аренина, аренина, and is written in English
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The The Throne and The Titan's Curse. Have you seen either?
Red Riding Hood stars Michael Stahl-David. Do you know him?
I don't have any information on anything else she directed. Sorry.
He is a soccer player from England. He's a forward for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team.
I know he played for the New York Knicks. He is a forward
Yes, he is a top boxer for the Everton.
I haven't read any of his work, but I know he wrote The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in it.
Yes, he was, along with a lot of other great actors such as Sean Penn and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
I agree with you! Colin Firth was in What's the Worst That Could Happen, which was a drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Another book you might enjoy is Kisscut.
Yes, she is a great writer. I love Audrey Tautou, she writes a lot about her.
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Torment was released in 2010. It's about a group of seasoned writers who've been influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to read it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll wrote The World's End and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it also stars Johnny Depp. I think you will really like it.
Well, if you haven't seen The Rum Diary, you might also like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't. Is that a team name?
No, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who is the current player?
You are welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote The Muppets and The Nanny Diaries. Have you read either of those?
I think you will like The Assassination of Jesse James as well.
Vanishing Girls is a speculative fiction. It's part of a series.
I'm sure you'll love it!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
Tim Long and David Silverman wrote The Simpsons movie. David Silverman also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, he writes a lot of TV shows including The Simpsons Movie and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You too!
He is an athlete in the India national cricket team. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I didn't know that. I know he is from the United States.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Of course! Orlando Bloom starred in the fantasy genre, Wilde and Zulu. Is that a genre of movie you love?
Great, hope you enjoy it! Do you want me to add it to your list?
Yes I do. The Death Cure is a science fiction novel by James Dashner. Have you read The Scorch Trials?
I do not know who wrote The Death Cure. I can tell you that it is also a fiction novel
Yes, it is also a young-adult fiction.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I'm not sure. But Emma McLaughlin also wrote Cloverfield. She starred in Antwone Fisher. It was really funny.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
I'm not sure he starred in that. I know he starred in a TV series, but I can recommend a TV episode if you haven't seen it.
I'm not sure he starred in a TV show but Daniel Radcliffe was also in Order of the Phoenix which is a comedy.
Yes, he wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you read any of those ?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino has directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill, and more.
Grindhouse stars in the genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The film starred Tom Hanks, Tracie Thoms, and Tracie Thoms.
Great! It is a great movie.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a movie as well?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
I agree he's a great actor. He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars.
Emma Thompson starred in The Dirty Dozen. She's a great actress!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Great! I also like thrillers. Do you have a favorite genre in mind?
I hope you enjoy! Yes, it is a great movie.
She is one of the best female athletes of all time. Her sister Venus is very talented.
Serena is better than Venus. I like Serena better. Do you like Serena?
Wow, I didn't know that. Who is her sister?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't have that information. I do know that he is captain for the team.
I do as well. I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I would recommend The House of the Seven Gables written by John Hughes
Home Alone is starred by John Hughes and it is a comedy. If you like comedy you might like Home Alone, you might also like The Hour I First Believed.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you Home Alone 2 was released in 2003
You are welcome
I do! He's a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I don't know if he wrote music but Jason Derulo is also a dancer. Do you know his dance-pop album?
I haven't heard of that, but I do know that Selena Gomez was very talented too.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He's a great actor. He starred in The Stand and The Dead Zone. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for other books by Lewis Carroll or other Fantasy genres?
It's a children's book and The World According to Garp.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a British novelist.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic stars in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
The Kind of Traitor is a drama. If you like that I think you will enjoy it.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
No problem.
Of course! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a book written by Philip Kaufman.
Treasure Hunt is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Treasure Hunt is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from Nagpur.
I don't think so, but he is another player, right?
That is correct. Nagpur is also from Nagpur.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World
It was published in 1838, the same year The Doors of Perception was released.
Yes, he did. I'm more of a fan of the band. Are you?
I don't know the author but I do know that Ian McEwan is from the United States
Christopher Hampton has written a lot of thriller books including The Cuckoo's Calling, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and many more. Have you read any of these?
The film is speculative fiction and science fiction genre.
Without Remorse is a thriller. It is also considered a thriller and was released in 1994.
I hope you enjoy it!
2012 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you a fan of that genre?
Its a thriller genre
Steven Steven Spielberg starred in the Thirteenth Floor
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She has quite a few in the Harry Potter series.
Did you like The Help because it stars Emma Stone or because it was a Romance?
Good choice. Did you know she starred in Zombieland is also a good one?
Yes! I think he did. Isn't he a good actor?
I know she starred in the movie Friends with Benefits and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it. I've never seen it. Is it a science fiction genre?
Yes, I do. The Client is a Client by John Grisham and was released in 2003.
The Client is a psychological thriller and The Firm is a thriller
The Firm is also a drama and a horror genre.
You're welcome.
He is a football player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't have information on his skills
I enjoy watching soccer in the US so I am a big fan
Baseball is great this year
Yes baseball in the summer is a Packer fan
I don't know much about them. Is they a soccer team?
I haven't really followed soccer, I know they are a good team too.
I haven't heard of that! Is that anything else I can help you with?
Are you a fan of The Time Traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
Yes, it is also a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Zoombies is written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf. Are you familiar with her work?
Well it was written by Daniel Defoe. Have you read Robinson Crusoe?
I am not sure but it was released in 1722.
You're welcome.
She is a very talented singer. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2005?
No, I didn't know that! Are you a fan of hers?
I liked that one, but I prefer Selena Gomez, I also like the song Call Me Maybe
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen it?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1856.
If you like romance novels, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He's a very famous author. He wrote The Return of the Native which was released in 1856.
That's a great one. He was born in 1856. Would you like to know anything else?
It's a novel. It's considered a Romance novel.
If you like fiction you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Clancy has written The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears.
He wrote Lord Jim and Heart of Darkness
Yes it is! It was released in 2004. It's a great book.
It was released in 2004.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Nightingale which is a good one.
John Lee Hancock wrote The Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1843.
He also wrote The Nightingale which is a romance novel. Have you read it?
No, I am not sure Jane Eyre was correct. I believe it was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Great, enjoy!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a fiction and Maktub is a speculative fiction genre.
He is a writer, poet, essayist, and author.
I think he currently plays for the Boston Celtics.
I am a basketball fan as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I agree! Lakers is a great basketball player.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho wrote the original version of the book. The Alchemist is in English.
I have added that for you.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is a novel written by Rebecca Wells, it's a novel. Have you read it?
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
She also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
Glad to help!
You're welcome
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi novel written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes it is, it is a crime fiction action film.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like Artificial Intelligence because it's a science fiction?
I know there is a movie Artificial Intelligence which is a sci-fi drama.
You are welcome have a great day!
This is the End is a comedy/drama. Do you like this genre?
I would say both of them are Psychological Thriller and Comedy
Evan Goldberg also stars in The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you like this book because it is a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas, Texas, United States. The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Gary Halas McCaskey.
Jerry Jones played for the Cowboys. Did you know that he also starred in the science fiction film Jerry Jones?
Zach Galifianakis was in the reality show, and he was hilarious in Meet the Parents. Did you see it?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk he also directed Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls so they might be similar
Steve Carell also starred in A Bug's Life which is a comedy. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about that. I just know that it's a war film.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about that movie?
I can tell you that Zathura: A Space Adventure is a children's film.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right.
Game Change is a Comedy/drama.
You're welcome.
Reservoir Dogs is similar.
Quentin Tarantino wrote Grindhouse, which is a Thriller.
You are welcome!
You are welcome.
Tina Fey wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Red Pony. Have you read either of these?
Yes, he was in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Sure! Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up. It also stars Cicely Tyson.
She did star in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey. Oprah Winfrey also starred in Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
George Lucas also wrote Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade which was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Are you a Harrison Ford fan?
Harrison Ford also starred in the movie The Expendables.
It's a fiction novel by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure, but it was released in the year 2015
It's not new. It was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
She starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life.
Besides Lea Thompson, she starred in No Strings Attached. She was also in Plum Spooky as well. Have you seen it?
I really like Red Dawn. That's a great movie i recommend it if you haven't seen it already.
Yes, he also wrote A Christmas Carol starring Lea Thompson. Have you seen that one?
OK, I'll have to check those out, thanks for the information.
Yes, I do. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall.
Yes, I remember that his daughter, Sofia Coppola, also starred in The Godfather.
Yes, he did and that was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Silence of the Lambs, have you read that?
Yes, another Romance novel is Three Cups of Tea
Yes! It was also released in 2004. That's a great Romance novel.
Of course! I also recommend The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants by Pam Morrison.
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Larsson.
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of those?
Definitely! She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco is known for writing The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is considered a children's literature. Other books in the genre of children's literature include The Lightning Thief and The Lightning Thief.
The author is J.K. Rowling wrote The Giver and it was released in 1922.
Rodgers is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I do, I'm a big fan of Aaron Rodgers. Aaron Rodgers isn't a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
No, I haven't. I've never heard of that before. What sport do you like to watch?
It's a lot of fun to watch but it's more of a drama between him and his wife, Jed Brophy. It's pretty bad.
I know that The Lost Hero is a novel written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with him?
The Lost Hero is a novel
Yes he also wrote The Titan's Curse
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Gerard Butler also starred in Monsters University, which is a science fiction film
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Time Machine and The Titan's Curse. Have you read either of those?
Romance and Historical fiction.
Machiavelli also wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.
Yes, I do! He is a great writer and musician. Did you know he also starred in Desperado?
Yes, the most of his music is a recent one, but most of his albums have been made into movies as well.
I haven't heard of any of his music either but I know he has made some appearances on the album All About Love.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Have you read either of those?
No problem!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is part of a series written by Rebecca Steadman. Other books include White Oleander and The Golden Compass.
Walk the Line was written by Rebecca Steadman. It's about a boy who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
I know it was written by Ted Tally, who also wrote Walk the Line.
She's a very talented singer. I like her song Call Me Maybe. Are you a fan?
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, but I like The Lorax too. Who is your favorite song?
I don't know too much about Shakira either. Is she a celebrity?
She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Devil Wears Prada.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like Jason Marsden?
Coming of Age is a fiction film. Are you looking for movies in that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have information on that. I can tell you The Secret Life of Bees stars John Savage.
You as well!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1990. It's a film that was made into a movie that was released in 1985.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you he is most famous for writing The Dickens Papers of the Pickwick Club.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Marley & me also starred Julia Roberts. She also starred in Marley & Me.
Scream is a Horror Film. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I'm a huge fan of the genre. I also enjoy Wrath of the Titans and Transformers. Have you seen those?
It's a Horror/Drama starring Johnny Depp. It was released in 1994.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables and The Expendables
Yes, Randy Couture is in The Exacables. Do you like him as an actor?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
Sure! Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Queen of Shadows. Have you read them?
The Mortal Instruments is a fantasy novel and the City of Bones is also a fantasy novel
That's a great one as well as The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bone is also a fantasy as well as The Golden Compass.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He is a good Table Tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
That's cool. Did you know he competed with Ma Long after the 2012 Olympics?
I like Serena Williams and Venus Williams both. How about you?
You are very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
That's a good one. Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone with Matt Damon.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls.
I'm not sure who else starred in The Skulls but Paul Walker and Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls.
No problem.
I know they are a soccer team, did you know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal?
It's soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did, he was a midfielder
I don't know much about him. Is he a singer?
He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Sure Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in Million Dollar Baby. He is a great actor.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller film starring Ulrich Thomsen and Sebastian Koch.
It stars Ulrich Thomsen and Sebastian Koch. It is a highly rated movie.
It was released in 2004. It's a good movie.
I'm not sure who wrote the book but the movie is starring Nicole Kidman
I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. I think they're doing great basketball. Who's your favorite player?
Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie Team?
Wow! I didn't know that. Is he a good player?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
He is also a model and a film producer.
Xenocide is a good one
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Seahawks, isn't he?
I'm actually a basketball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. anything else i can answer for you?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Historical fiction.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by James Frey, and it starred James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
I don't have much information on the authoi, but James Frey also wrote Without Fail which is a suspense memoir.
I am not sure, but William Goldman has directed The Long Kiss Goodnight which is a biography.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
1600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure but The Winter's Tale is a series
Sure. Added to your list
i don't know much about him except that he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes he is, he is a midfielder as well and he is a midfielder as well.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No I didn't know she won that award. What else can I do for you?
Yes, she does. She is a very talented singer.
Do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg, or because it was starring Tom Hanks, or because it was a horror?
Yes, he was, and Keith Gordon also starred in Jaws 2
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson Burroughs.
Amelie is a romance film.
Rob Kohen starred in The Maze Runner.
The skulls genre is Thriller and science fiction
It was released in 2014 and is written by Steven Spielberg.
Some other great Psychological Thriller examples are To Kill a Mockingbird and The World's End
Leslie Bibb also starred in Winnie-the-Pooh and The Wild Life
You are welcome.
I don't know too much about them. I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
I'm a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints, but I'm not a huge fan of football but I do like the San Diego Chargers. Do you like Football?
I love football. I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers. I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers. Do you have a favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a popular one.
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is popular too. Somewhere I also like the Looper is another popular one.
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
They have a good chance. They're the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but I'm not a Patriots fan. Who's your favorite team?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, have you read Utterly Cold Blooded or Utterly Cold Blooded?
Yes, it was based on a true story. It was based on a true story.
Sure, it is starring Tom Skerrit and Seth MacFarlane who also starred in Fantasy and Comedy.
Yes, it's a classic. Did you know Garfield was in The Cat in the Hat?
Sure, you might also enjoy White House Down. Have you seen that one?
They are owned by Jeffrey Lurie, and owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, I am a big fan of basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers
I like to watch the Eastern Conference which is where the team is based. I do like basketball
Is it the movie because it stars Samuel L. Jackson?
She was in the movie Friends with Benefits. She was very well-known in The Book of Eli.
Ted also starred Emily Blunt and Lisa Kutcher. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. It is a Drama/Romance. Do you like drama?
I don't remember remember that. I think it was funny too.
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a great movie. I love Orlando Bloom!
Yes, he was. He was also in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I love thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? That's a horror film.
Do you like X-Men Origins: Wolverine because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in Wolverine, Women in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know Waiting also starred Hugh Jackman as well as Jennifer Lawrence?
You are welcome.
Sure, it's a western film written by Joel Coen starring Matt Damon. Would you like to watch it?
He has been in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
I'm not sure about Matt Damon's other action guy, but I know he was in The People Speak and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Boyhood is directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen it?
Confused was released in 1995. Would you like to know more about the movie this genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Kong Kong and its genre is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It's a fiction genre. Do you like thrillers?
The only one I have in my opinion is The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes it is! It's a sequel to Eon Flux, you may want to check it out!
They are a soccer team in the NFL. Who's your favorite team?
They're a good team too. Who's your favorite football team?
That's interesting! I think the Steelers have won a lot of Super Bowls.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview
The End stars James Franco and Selena Gomez.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The End.
Cool! Channing Tatum also directed The White House Down, which is a great film!
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Mindy Kaling, Channing Tatum, and Richard Montoya. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome.
Schindler's List is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Lion King is a popular one.
Sure, The Lion King was also written by Rene Mecchi. She also starred in The Emperoro's New Groove.
You're welcome.
I haven't seen it but I know its written by Vince Gilligan and Kevin James
Will Smith also stars in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Psychological Thriller.
Okay, I'll play it for you.
Isn't he a forward for the Manchester United F.C?
Fabio Capello was also a midfielder as well.
I'm not a big sports fan but I know Fabio Capello was also in Wembley Stadium.
That's a great one! It's a Christmas Carol starring Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-Pop musician. Are you a fan of them?
I haven't heard much of their music, but I know they play a lot of instruments like Kick-Ass and Kick-Ass. Are you familiar with those?
They were originally starting in Seoul in 1975. I'm not sure how they're doing this season. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Randall Park also starred in Welcome to the Punch.
I hope you like it!
I hope you like it.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Would you like a recommendation for a movie similar to Hellboy?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. He is a great actor.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He is an author who wrote both The Public Enemies and Public Enemies
He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
No, I do not know about his films. I do know that Ziggy Marley starred in The pleasure of being a journalist.
James Franco is also an actor. He starred in Jumanji.
Are you a fan of Epatha Merkerson's work? She starred in Two for the Money and I love that one.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a war film. It is a war film.
I would suggest The Manchurian Candidate if you like Dramas.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
That is correct. Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
I have not read any of his books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great author. Stephen J. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand, a horror novel. He also wrote The War of the Worlds
Yes, it is considered children's literature and science fiction.
Yes, I agree. Did you know that Cloverfield was produced by Tom Hanks?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama released in 2012 starring Denis Leary
Yes I can. I can tell you that the main singer is a big fan of songwriters
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, which is a fiction book.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 it is a mystery/fantasy book that was released in 2014
It was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a good player?
Oh wow. I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
I haven't seen him either. He is a great player.
Quentin Tarantino has starred in some popular films including Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Grin Tarantino wrote and directed it. If you like Rob Zombie, you should check it out.
Grindhouse was written by Robert Rodriguez. If you like thrillers, you might also like Zombieland, you should check out The Zombie movies.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and starred Tom Hanks, who also wrote Titan A.E.
Kenny Ortega was in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also directed Valentine's Day which is a romance film.
You're welcome.
Phil LaMarr has starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure, The World's End, and The Golden Compass.
It also stars Sam LaMarr, Sam LaMarr, Sam LaMarr, Sam LaMarr, and Sam LaMarr. It was released in 2002.
It is a Mystery genre, it also stars Robert De Nimoy and Kate Winslet
Great, have a nice day!
Yes, they are actually a basketball team. They are owned by The Brooklyn Nets.
Me too! Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a sci-fi movie. Are you a fan of sci-fi films?
The movie is a sci-fi movie. Did you know Ramon Rodriguez also stars in the X-Men series?
It is a sci-fi film starring Glenn Morshower and Kevin Costner. If you like sci-fi, you should check it out.
Sure! Similar books include This Is Spinal Tap, This Is Spinal Tap, and This Is Now
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know who she is. I know she was born in Mumbai. She is a tennis player.
Not really. I know Venus is a tennis player from Mumbai. I know that Serena is from Mumbai.
I have never seen that! Is that a comedy?
He starred in Looking for Richard.
Both are comedy/drama.
Yes, he did. The Pianist is a movie he starred in and It's a Wonderful Life.
Sure, if you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
Yes, it was written by Iain Canning and is a satire.
She also wrote Mansfield Park. Have you read it?
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, she is a singer. I love her song Jar of Hearts.
I don't know of any of her song. However, I know that she is also a composer and a musician.
It was released in 2010
You're welcome
Edgar Ramirez starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it but I've heard good things about it. Clint Eastwood also starred in it. Do you like his movies?
No, Mark Boal was not but The Hurt Locker stars in The Hurt Locker.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors also stars Sean Penn and Jessica Walters. It is a comedy-drama film.
Sure, How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors was added.
I hope you enjoy it!
He is the player that plays for the Germany national football team. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen it, but I know it was produced by Sara Gruen.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne and its a tragicomedy.
Yes, it was. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Great Gatsby.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy's book was adapted into a film as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Twilight is written by stephanie meyer. What else can I do for you today?
Yes she did write The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She also wrote The Chemist.
You are welcome.
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake, Josh Hartnett, and Chris Hemsworth. It's a biographical film.
Tom Everett, Mark Wahlberg, and Matt Damon starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in the Hunger Games which is a Science Fiction Film
You are welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is probably best known for his book The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Temple of My Familiar?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
The Fog was released in 1984 and is a thriller. The Fog was directed by John Carpenter as well.
She's amazing. I'm sure you will love it!
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction.
Lord of the Rings is part of the Lord of the Rings series. The next in the series is The Hobbit
Women in Love was written by Quentin Tarantino
He also wrote Lord of the Flies and Wolves
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception has several actors including Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, Tom Berenger, Chris Hemsworth
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction piece written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
You might enjoy the next book in the series, the next in the series is A Wind in the Door. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by a lot of people who also wrote The Chocolate War.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good one. It's part of a series.
That's a good one. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Swarup was released in 2011. It is a romance.
You're welcome.
I know he wrote a book called The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
This movie falls under fantasy fiction genre
The Emperoro's New Groove
Chris Weitz directed the movie
Do you like the author Roald Dahl or the Fantasy genre?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and was written by John Scalzi
I do, I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won that prize for fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to hear about other books she's written?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
I am not sure, but I know Dinna Tartt was born in Los Angeles
Your welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
That's a great book. It was written by James Dashner
Did you know that The Girl You Left Behind was released in 2005?
Yes, I do. John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
That's correct. Did you know that John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska?
I can't find that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I agree. I love the Young-adult fiction series by John Green. I'll check it out!
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but it was released in 2010. It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
He directed the movie Dead Poets Society. Have you heard of it?
Black Hat is a great movie starring Rene Russo and it is a fantasy
Black Hat is also a movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio, have you seen this movie?
You are welcome!
It was written by Guillermo del Toro
Guillermo del Toro is in Spanish and is a Spanish film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Guillermo del Toro is a Spanish film.
Have you seen the movie X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Did you know that George Carlin also starred in Tides?
The Vampire Chronicles is written by Michael York and was released in 1969. Have you seen the sequel to it?
Yes, I like Frédéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was amazing. Is it a drama?
I love dramas. Do you have a favorite genre?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild.
I am not sure about that, sorry! Sean Penn wrote The Thin Red Line too.
I highly recommend Into the Wild with Sean Penn. It's a classic!
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Tom Hooper directed The Damned United and The King's Speech
Sure, Les Miserables is a film adaptation from the novel The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon. The book first appeared in the novel before it became a movie.
Okay, enjoy!
I think he is a great singer. I really like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like her song Spring Breakers. What about you?
I've never heard of her. Is she a singer?
I sure do! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think they are a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Lousi van Gallo
I am not sure, but I can tell you they are a German national team.
The maze Runner is a novel. The novel is written by James Dashner
John The Scorch Trials is the novel
I hope you like it!
Sure! Arundhati Roy has written The God of Small Things, it was released in 1997. Have you heard of it?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
I am not sure if it was adapted into a movie but it starred Robert De Niro
You are welcome.
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a young-adult fiction
the story is based on the book but the movie version was written by Jodi Picoult
She wrote an adaptation of Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man and The Caves of Stone.
Hmmm I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Well it was written by Peter Hyams and stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to watch The Good Doctor?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I think they are a great team, did you know their mascot is named Toro?
Not really. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you know who the owner is?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy.
Jennifer Lawrence is in it. Do you like her work?
It came out in 2005. It's based on the original story of a long time ago.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and was released in 1847. It's a great movie!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which was turned into a movie
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Good Earth was released in 1951. It is a great historical period drama.
I also recommend a book called The Waves which is a historical period drama.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not really familiar with her, but I know she lost to Sarena Wiliams.
She is a very popular tennis player from the U.S. I think she won the 2012 PGA Championship
I've only seen the Super Bowl XLVII and it's a classic!
Wow! I didn't know that. Is he a good player?
Como agua para chocolate is a book written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I am not sure, but I can tell you more about Como agua para chocolate. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
Glad to help
Sure. That was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Zombieland.
Cool. Steve Carell also stars in the movie, Valentine's Day, which is a romance film.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy them.
Sure! He wrote Wolves of the Calla, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you heard of any of those?
He is American. He is a great author.
The Dead Zone is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm sorry I don't have information on that
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks also starred in Forest Gump. Would you like to watch that?
I'm not sure, but Larry Crowne is considered a comedy-drama. Would you like to watch that?
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets starring J.K. Rowling and J.K. Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets because it's a series?
Yes, it's in the same series as Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
It stars Pierre Perrier and Tom Hanks. It is a mystery film.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but I do know that they're the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVI
It's about the Seahawks as well as the New England Patriots. Do you like them?
Did you know they have a lot of good players playing the Seahawks?
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed, Maniac Magee, and Lucky Number Seven.
Sure! It is a young-adult fiction as well as was released in 1995.
I think he is a very good tennis player. He lost to Rafael Nadal and Rafael Nadal.
That's correct. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
I agree. I like Federer better than Rafael Nadal better.
I don't have any information on any other books by Mary GrandPre but I can tell you that she wrote The God of Small Things
You're correct. Happy reading.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. She also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex
My favorite team is the Broncos
I think they haven't doing too well this year
I agree! He is a very good person.
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. Stan Lee also wrote X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes I would recommend The Hiding Place. He has also written The Cross and Switchblade.
The Hiding Place is Non-Fiction and was released in 1961. It's in the Non-fiction genre.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Martial Arts also starred Chris Pratt, Tom Hanks, and Steve Buscemi. Have you seen any of these?
Ok. Are you interested in any other Martial Arts films?
Great, enjoy!
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Kathryn Bigelow starred in 22 Jump Street.
He was in White House Down, which was a comedy.
You're welcome.
Definitely! Sean Penn wrote and directed it. It's a great movie.
Awesome! I can add it to your list if you haven't seen it.
Indeed she did star in No Strings Attached. No Strings Attached was written by Jennifer Lopez.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Woody Harrelson starred in Zombieland, he is a great actor.
I don't know what year it was released
She wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Red Tent.
Yes, I also recommend Three Cups of Tea.
You're welcome!
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Do you like books written by William Shakespeare?
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wolf Brother.
Sure, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway, would you like to read it?
To Have and Have Not is actually a Romance Novel. It's part of a series and the next book is A Farewell to Arms.
Well, Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis who also wrote and directed Planet of The Apes
Year One stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Yes he was in Ghostbusters 2
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds, Tom Hanks, and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like action movies?
You might also like the X-Men movies as well as The Hunger Games.
I can check it out, I can check it for you.
Yes she was in it, she is a great actor. She also starred in The Wedding Date too.
Sure. Jean-piert wrote The Seabiscuit, which is a drama film.
Micmacs is a popular movie starring Yone Young.
I don't have information on his career, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
No problem
Sure, The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Seas at the End of the Lane
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy!
Joel Coen is starring in No Country for Old Men.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the science fiction film True Grit and The Big Lebowski.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to hear other titles by him?
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
It is an adventure film starring X-Men: First Class.
It sure does. You may want to check it out.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
You are welcome.
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers, and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
Yes, he was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
Other books by Monte Cristo include The Third Musketeers and The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle.
You're welcome.
Sure thing! He wrote a favorite book titled 'The Bounty Hunter'. Have you read it?
Yes it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I have not seen that one. I know Peter Capaldi starred in Ghostbusters II and The Last Samurai.
Great, hope you enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes the Great Gilly Hopkins also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins which is the second book of the Great Gilly Hopkins
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Catching Fire is the next in the Hunger Games series
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. It has genre Biography. Does this interest you?
Is there anything you'd like to know about Walking Disaster?
You are welcome!
The Matrix Reloaded was written by Lana Wachowski who also wrote V for Vendetta.
Me too! You may also like The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, or The Matrix.
John Wick also stars Ceanu Reeves. Would you like to hear about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's a singer, lyracist, singer, and composer. I don't know much about her. What's your favorite song of her?
Indeed she did win the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
She is a very talented singer. I am going to add to my bucket list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Okay, if you haven't seen romance novels then you will love Speed Racer. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it is. It's also a sequel to The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Yes, it was also written by Richelle Mead and it has genre Thriller.
It was also written by Richelle Mead. It was also released in 2011, have you read it?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon wrote it
Did you like Mission: Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
The Lego Movie is starring Will Ferrell, Will Ferrell, and Morgan Freeman. Do you like any of these actors?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie, The Dark Knight, and Road to Perdition.
Will Ferrell's role was in the blockbuster series as well as Assault on Precinct 13.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, did you know that?
Ted is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Mask of Zorro. It was released in 1985.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Unicorn and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes, they are. Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read that?
It was released in 1856. Would you like to read it?
Yes she did, she also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in Dallas, Pennsylvania. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I'm more into basketball. I like to watch the Rockets and the Dodgers when they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
There is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks
Toy Story 3 and Tom Hanks are in it, too.
It's a very good movie!
Sure, sending it now!
I think he's a basketball player. Isn't he a good player?
I'm a big fan of Basketball. Is he a good player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Blade Runner stars Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton. It was released in 2011.
William Sanderson also starred in Warcraft. Have you seen that one?
I agree, The Rocketeer also has genre Sci-Fi. It was released in 1999 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Bood Diamond starred Shelley Duvall and is a Thriller.
Me neither, because I don't know that he was in the comedy Tropic Thunder which was a comedy.
Of course, Stephen Collins starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" just to name a few.
James Nesbitt starred in Match Point.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama. It also stars Penelope Wilton.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in Citizens Citizens and Richard Portnow.
I love psychological thrillers and crime fiction. Which genre do you prefer?
The fourth element is a Sci-Fi Thriller written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to watch that ?
The Bone Clocks is a movie similar to this movie
You're welcome
She is an American artist best known for writing the novelist, novelist, essayist, and novelist.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What type of genre do you like?
I too like Lady Gaga too! I think I've heard some of her songs.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
It's a novel released in 1946. It's considered a Romance novel.
Yes. It's also written by Carlos Ruiz Zafon.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Red Tent.
It is fiction. She also wrote The Red Pony
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You're welcome
The Untouchables is a Science Fiction genre. Are you interested in Science Fiction movies or dramas in general?
Capone is a Mystery/Mistery movie. Do you like that genre?
Capone was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a Thriller
It is starring Thomas Lennon and Tracie Thoms
You are welcome!
No, I have not heard of Silence. Is it the genre of mystery?
I am not sure but it was released in 2012 and is an action film
Sure, Natasha Preston also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a historical drama
I'm not sure who the main lead in the film but the main lead is Patrick Stewart
your welcome
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, have you read either of these?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it would qualify, but I believe it is also young adult fiction.
No problem, I am glad I could help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy movies?
Some other fantasy movies are The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen any of those?
Dungeons & Dragons was produced by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know who produced it?
I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
Sophie Kinsella wrote The Undomestic Goddess, and The Undomestic Goddess. Are you a fan of this genre?
Wedding Night is a romance novel.
Shopaholic and Baby is a comedy. I hope you enjoy them!
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of those?
Yes it is a Romance novel
Yes, Voyager is a novel
No problem
She wrote Brooklyn. Would you like to read it?
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was also written in 1943
I am not a huge fan of football but I do know that he plays for the Belgium national football team.
Thanks for the info, I'm a huge fan of soccer!
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know that baseball is the best team in my opinion.
I like the Red Sox, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. What is yours?
He's an actor who starred in many movies including Zero Dark Thirty and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I have not seen it, but I know it stars Russell Crowe. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, David Fincher directed Full Frontal and the MTV Video Music, which is a great film.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2012. Kevin McNally also stars in Shackleton.
He starred in The Princess Diaries which is a science fiction film
He wrote a lot of children's literature. Would you like to know about some others?
Yes, he also wrote a screenplay for the Star Wars.
You're welcome.
Sure! She wrote The Assassination of Jesse James and the Seabiscuit. Have you read either of those?
I've read The Truth About Forever, and it was released in 2011. I highly recommend it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Great movie starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes he is. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Yes Rashida Jones and Andrew Garfield also star in The Social Network. Would you like to know more about The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
You're welcome!
I know he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Would you like to read it?
Sure, World Without End, Wide Sargasso Sea and Wrath of the Titans are all fictional stories.
I did not see that. Is it anything else I can help you with?
No problem have a good day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes, he was.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Fiction. Other non fiction books you may enjoy are Welcome to the Monkey House, Voyager, and White House Down
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Joel David Moore.
The Weekend is a Romance film starring Matt Damon. Do you like Romance Films?
Yes, I like Echoes of Silence too. Isn't Echoes of Silence too?
Did you know that Echoes of Silence had a really big impact?
Is it the book written by John Grisham?
Sure. He wrote a lot of thrillers including The Pelican Brief and The Firm.
It was released in 1984. It is a mystery/adventure novel.
I'm not sure the genre is the suspense novel, but Jeffery Deaver was also a film producer.
Yes it is in English. It was written in English.
You're welcome.
Do you like Dr. Sues and children's literature?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all similar to Dr. Seuss.
The Cat in the Hat is a great one and There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I agree. I love the voice of Maroon Five. Do you know that one?
That's a great judge. Do you know Maroon 5 is friends with him?
I haven't seen that one. I do like Maroon 5 and Adam Levine. Do you like Adam Levine?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
I am not sure but it is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy film.
No problem.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye Girl
This movie was released in 1995.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder which is a Thriller
You're welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, he did. That's a great book!
He was influenced by Virginia Woolf, and Michael McKean.
Yes it is but it is considered Children's literature in the mystery genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in the X-Men series.
It's a good one! It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes Vivica A. Fox starred in Vol. 1 and 2 alongside Uma Thurman. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I don't know too much about him, I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by the Carolina Panthers
I don't really care for that information. I do know that he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle with Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
Of course, some other Indie films in the genre of Indie include The Last Exorcism and The People Speak
Christina Perri is a song writer and a musician. She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years.
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of that genre?
Wayman : Set Decoration by: Edwin Neville it is a popular one have you ever heard of it?
the basketball player is very good. do you like basketball?
I think he is a really good artist. I really liked him in the movie Friends with Benefits, too.
Honestly, I don't know, but I do know that he won the Academy Award for Record of the Year
That's a good one too. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There is a movie based on the book. The book is written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I don't know, but there is one similar to Hobbit starring Orlando Bloom that is The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee starred in Bruce Almighty and Troy.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
OK. The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series, The Son of Sobek is The Sum of All Fears
Well, The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series, The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Great! Some movies you might like are What's the Number of the Star Wars, and What's the Number Four.
Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Shadow and Wicked.
Yes, it was released in 1985. Would you like to watch it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
I know he wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read either?
Braveheart also stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her work?
It was released in 1993.
You're welcome.
I know he wrote The Bone Clocks, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
It's a novel in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King wrote The Bone Clocks?
The Bone Clocks is a novel written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Great! Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Super with Rob Zombie and Adam Levine. Have you seen either of those?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore to name a few.
He's also been in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
Gnomeo & Juliet is written by Terry Pratchett.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I haven't seen the movie yet but I know it is produced by Clint Eastwood and directed by Steven Spielberg.
No I haven't seen him. Is he the guy who is in it?
I would have to check that out, thanks for the information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I am not sure of the release date. I know Sam Smith wrote The Bluest Eye, which is a really good song.
There was a popular one released in 2016 with Justin Timberlake. Are you a fan of his?
I like him as well. I'm a huge fan of Snoop Dogg, too.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What kind of music do you like?
He wrote рестуление и накаание and рестуление.
Fрестуление и накаание
Whats the genre of this book?
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
I don't know anything else. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure, but I know she won the 2005 PGA Championship!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987.
He wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read that one?
John Savage starred in it. It's a very good film.
OK, enjoy!
Brendon Urie is a screenwriter. He wrote New Perspective. what else can i do for you?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a novel written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more books by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Under Magnolia is a Romance Novel.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears and The Cuckoo's Calling.
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller and Mystery.
Underdog is a comedy. The genre is Children's Literature.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
City of God is a crime movie. Is that what you are looking for?
The Escapist is a drama starring Seu Jorge. Seu Jorge also starred in The Italian Job.
I'm not sure. I know he starred in The House of God.
He wrote The Future of Us and The Future of Us
Sure, do you like young adult fiction?
Of course. White Squall is a book by John Lee Hancock. Its part of a series.
It was first published in 1981.
I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls is a young adult fiction written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was published in 2004.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass.
I am a huge fan of this author.
The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kostova and it starred Tom Cruise.
Sure. The sequel to The Historian is The Blood of Olympus. It is also the sequel to The Great Gatsby.
I know that Rick Riordan was in it. The movie is a thriller and stars Without Fail. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Messenger is a similar one
Did you know that Help was written by Tate Donovan and Emma Stone?
Yes, he was in it as well! Mike Vogel also starred in Welcome to the Monkeys, another good one!
That one is a drama/mystery film.
No problem!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might also like The Avengers.
The Ghost and the Darkness is a War film.
Yes, it is. Val Kilmer starred in The Daytrippers as well.
You are welcome.
Sure! Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she was also in Snow White and the Huntsman
Brothers Grimm wrote The Hundred Secret Paper Towns
You're welcome
Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a great one. Did you know that it's part of a series?
No problem!
I don't know too much about The Weeknd, just that it's a music by David Ayer. Do you like him?
The Muppets was a comedy with Selena Gomez, who was in The Muppets too!
I liked him in The Muppets too. Did you see that one?
I love her song, Marry the Night! Are you a fan of hers?
I agree! Will Smith is a great actor. He also starred in Snatch which is a thriller.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Michael Ealy also starred in Valkyrie.
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Woody Harrelson. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a really good one with a little bit of drama.
Evan Goldberg has directed several movies including The Interview
Great! Evan Goldberg also starred in The Interview with the Zombie Hunter, have you seen that?
Yes, This is the End is a drama and comedy. It has the elements of a Thriller and Mystery as well
You are welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate.
Yes, The Karate Kid is a great martial arts film. Another great martial arts film is The Legend of Tarzan.
John G. Affleck starred in the Last Dragon. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, she starred in the Cosby Show.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy film. Would you like another recommendation for another fantasy genre film in the series?
They are young adult fiction genre. Is that of interest?
The Girl of the Dragon Tattoo is a similar movie.
There are 3 parts in this series including The Order of the Phoenix
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Clan of the Cave Bear was also written by Jean M Auel
The Shelters of Stone was written by Terry Gilliam and has a genre of Historical fiction and Speculative fiction.
Great! I recommend The Clan of the Cave Bear, if you haven't read it.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of action genre movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Unforgivable Blackness also has genre Romance and Adventure.
He sure did! He's a great actor. He also starred in The Three Stooges.
That is correct! Keith Carradine also starred in the sci-fi movie Lord of the Rings. Have you seen that one?
He is an athlete in the Indian national cricket team. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I do. I love tennis. Do you?
I agree. What sport do you like to watch?
I think he's a really good basketball player but I'm not a big fan of his. Who's your favorite team?
Space Jam was a great movie. I haven't seen it, but Michael Jordan was in Larry Bird, who was a great actor.
I think Ivan Reitman also produced Ghostbusters.
I disagree. I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. I do think that they have just won the Super Bowl this year.
Sure. Rick Riordan wrote The Sea of Monsters, which is a young-adult fiction
It is a young-adult fiction
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy novel
F. Scott Fitzgerald has written a lot of great books, including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
This Side of Paradise was originally published in 1926. It's a great book.
He has written a lot of great books, including The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those ?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is most famous for writing The Gods of Salem.
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on writers related to Crichton.
I'm sorry I don't have info on Robin Cook. However, he has written a lot of books he has written.
You're welcome.
Aside from Ratatouille, it was released in 2010 he also wrote The Incredibles.
Yes, Jason Lee is a character and he is a great actor. I think he does a lot of voices for him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Solo are both written by the same author.
Yes it is a biography and it is a great book.
Sure, Jeremy Tambling has written a lot of short stories and short stories, including The Last Lecture
Sure, Ed Sheeran wrote The Bluest Eye, which is a really good one.
Yes, it was. Do you like Ed Sheeran ?
I don't know a song by him. But, I know he's friends with Britney Spears
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and adapted into a film starring Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Do you like books written by Rosner and Hermann Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Gilliam. Would you like to know other books by him?
Clive Barker has written a number of books including The Sirens Titan, The Raven's Curse, and The Silkworm.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie. I also like The Hobbit and The Return of the King.
Then you might also enjoy the Harry Potter movies and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more books written by Sherlock Holmes?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Complete Novels and The Complete Novels and The Complete Novels and Other Stories.
It is a mystery novel. Do you like mysteries?
Yes it is. The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story and it was released in 1838.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins
The Girl on the Train was written by Chris Weitz.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other films filmed in Mexico.
I'm not familiar with Sam Smith. I know he's a very talented singer. I love his music. Do you?
I like Lenny Kravitz, did you know he won the Academy Award for Video of the Year?
I do like her! She is a great artist!
He's a great director! He directed the wonderful movie called Things Fall Apart. Have you seen it?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like movies with David O. Russell? He also directed the Transformers
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is is a novel written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible, have you read it?
Yes, it is a drama
Yes I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Girl Next Door, which is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it is a Romance film.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Yes, he has. He has been in a number of great films, including The Legend of Tarzan, The Order of the Phoenix and The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Historical fiction is a great one. The Dark Tower is a great one
You are welcome!
Sure Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
It is a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in Cloverfield. Are you familiar with him?
It is a sci-fi film, do you like sci-fi?
Sure, have you read J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series?
Yes the series is very popular including the Harry Potter series
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
It's in the English language. Did you know that it was released in 2005?
You're welcome. Enjoy
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
If you like Interstellar, you might like Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It stars Xander Berkeley and Marcia DeBonis, have you seen this one?
Great! I also recommend X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Isn't he a country singer?
I don't have that information. I know he composed the music for I Don't Want This Night to End.
I don't know the genre for I don't have that information. I know he composed the music for I Don't Want This Night to End.
He wrote Equilibrium, which stars Equilibrium
Yes, and Emily Watson also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
She was also in the science fiction film Equilibrium. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is a singer, songwriter, and musician. He wrote The Cider House Rules. Are you a fan?
Sidney also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
I am not sure but it was released in 2011
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Siren and The One are also good reads by Kiera Cass.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Kristin Scott Thomas.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
You are welcome.
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Would you like to read it?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns, or Looking for Alaska
I hope you enjoy Paper Towns!
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Restless. Have you seen that one?
Yes, you're correct. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I hope you enjoy it! I would also recommend The Crucible. It's a great movie!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
He is an American writer best known for writing When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of dramas?
Flannery O'Connor was a star in SantaLand Diaries. I haven't seen it either. I don't know much about them either.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and is in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Colditz Story. Have you read any of those?
Thirteen Moons is a historical novel.
Yes. It was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
Sone of the song is called Beloved. I also like the song X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you heard it?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes he did. He wrote a lot of books in the genre of Children Literature.
He is a good Table Tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 was written by Mooyaart-Doubleday.
It is in English.
I don't know a lot about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I know she wrote The World According to Garp.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Robert De Niro, and Vincent Pastore to name a few.
Goodfellas is a drama. Robert De Niro also starred in The Black Dahlia. Have you seen that one?
Robert De Niro also stars in The Dead Poets Society.
What Just Happened starred Robert DeNiro and Julia Robert DeNiro.
Yes, Art Linson wrote What Just Happened. Art Linson also wrote First Dates.
You are welcome!
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Robert De Niro is a famous actor who starred in What Lies Beneath.
I don't have information on that. Sorry.
You are welcome.
They are a basketball team in the NBA. The team is coached by Doc Rivers, Doc Rivers, and Brad Stevens.
I do! Wyc Grousbeck is the current owner of the Boston Celtics. Did you know that Wyc Grousbeck owns the Boston Celtics?
I do, I love the Lakers. I am a Lakers fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he's a great player. I've never heard of him, but he was a great player.
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is correct. Do you know who starred in the movie?
Simon West has directed many movies. Would you like to know about other movies with him?
Natalie Babbitt wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Golden Compass.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is considered a romance. Would you like to know about other books in the romance genre?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It was released in 2011 and is part of a series.
Enjoy!
Yes, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy drama. Would you like to hear about other films starring Stephen Chbosky?
Roland Emmerich also produced Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes 2012 starring Tom McCarthy
You are welcome!
I know that she starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Alfonso Cuarón also directed Gravity. Alfonso Cuarón also directed Gravity. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Las Vegas, but I do know that Las Vegas is owned by Bill Bidwill
Did you know they moved to LA as well?
That's a good one, I'm not a big fan of the Oakland, but I do remember when they went to the Super Bowl XLVII. Do you enjoy watching the Super Bowl?
It was written by Christopher Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Christian Bale. It is a thriller.
The movie stars Ralph Fiennes, Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in Conan the Destroyer
You are welcome
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
Yes it is. Catch 22 is a war novel.
There is a book similar to Catch 22. It is written by Joseph Heller.
You are welcome.
He wrote Tempted. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I have not read A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
It is. It is also a film adaptation of White Teeth.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Zadie Smith is also a scientist?
You are welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Truman Show.
Cars was released in 2004. It's an animated movie.
Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like Wladimir Klitschko, he's married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know he starred in Ocean's Eleven?
She is a boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yes, the Titans also stars Denzel Washington, and Jason Bateman.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Florida. They are the runner-up in super bowl XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII
I am not a big fan of the Redskins but I know they play in the AFC West division. Are you your team?
The Redskins is also part of the AFC West division. I think their home venue is the Staples Center
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Pratchett
I recommend Wizard and Glass and Witches Abroad
He is currently playing for the Golden State Warriors.
I don't know too much about him
Yes, he is on the Warriors right?
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
Ted Tally also wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
Well, would you like to try The Silence of the Lambs because it stars Tom Hanks?
Enjoy!
Yes I am a fan of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a great movie
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, I can. Shia Lebouf also starred in Vampire Academy. Have you seen that one?
Russell Westbrook is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I am not a basketball fan. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, it was played in the 90s. It's a good one.
I don't know about Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes it is a series
Yes it is! It was written by William Shakespeare
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Thank you
He is a very popular athlete in London. He plays golf in London.
I'm a Tiger Woods fan as well. He won the 2005 PGA Championship and a couple of PGA tours too!
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Well they were runner ups for Super Bowl XVII right?
Haha yeah. I'm more of a Bears fan myself. Do you have a favorite team?
They are ok. The Dolphins were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII though.
Yes, I know he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963 in English. It is a Non-fiction written in English.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
No I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Are you familiar with her?
I can tell you The Giver was based on a book by Lois Lowry. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with her daughter
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a book.
If you like Young Adult Fiction, you may want to check out When the Wind Blows written by John Green. It is also young adult fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Truman Capote is a writer, film producer, and director. He directed Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder on the Orient Express. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information. However he was in Utterly Cold Blooded.
I have not seen it. I will have to check it out. Did you know In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote.
Sure! Nathan Greno wrote Your Highness, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That is a great movie! Mandy Moore and Katherine Heigl were in it. Do you like her work?
Sure! World War Z is a great Animation film. Have you seen it?
You're correct! Tim Allen starred in Toy Story as well as Michael McKean.
Tom Hanks is one of the stars in Larry Crowne.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I have not read Artificial Intelligence. what else can i answer for you?
The Goonies is a Sci-Fi movie. Steven Spielberg also wrote A.I Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1999 and is a thriller. Do you enjoy thriller movies?
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in Zombieland. That's a great movie.
He also starred in Zombieland.
You're welcome.
Al Pacino and Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather Part III and was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Marc Weber directed The Scent of a Woman.
No, Joe Mantegna is indeed the director.
He has starred in many films. I recommend The Godfather II: The Truman Show, The Apocalypse Now.
Witless Protection is a crime fiction and also stars Jane Austen.
Great choice! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall just to name a few.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino, it's a very good movie!
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. Do you like music?
Some of her most popular albums are Girl with a Pearle Earring
I know of some of their old music, but I know some of my favorite song is Waiting for the End. Do you know that one?
I personally haven't heard of any of their songs, but I know they are very popular in the UK.
I'm not a huge fan of the genre, but I do know that The Looper is one of my favorite songs from the 80's.
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2. Have you seen them?
I don't know that, but Samuel L. Jackson also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure what other movies he's in, but The Incredibles is Sci-Fi.
Tyrone Giordano was in The Family Saga and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure, but I know she starred in The Family Stone.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. She also wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was adapted into a film which was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a Plath's work. Do you like that genre?
I think he was the most popular one in the world, The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Wiz.
I have never heard of that one. Is it a drama genre?
That's correct. It's a drama about the whale. It was released in 1990.
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
Robert De Niro directed Zoolander. He also directed it.
Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder which stars Ben Stiller.
He wrote II Principe
It's a non-fiction novel. Would you like to read it?
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He also wrote Il Principe.
I know that he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I am sorry I do not have information on that. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, it's written in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a novel and the genre is fiction
Yes, it is Musical
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan
Angus Macfadyen starred in Memento. Memento has genre Psychological thriller
You are welcome
I think he is a midfielder for the France national football team.
Wow! I didn't know that. Real Madrid was a great team. Do you know Karim Benzema is from Madrid?
I didn't know that. I just know he was born in Salamanca.
The Scarlet Letter is a novel written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to read it?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp's Wife is a similar book.
Tragicomedy was published in 1979. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome.
F. Gary Gray wrote Set It Off. Set It Off starred Jada Pinkett Smith.
She has a great voice, but I prefer the ones she has starred in too. I love her in The Princess Mononoke too.
It was produced by Ron Clements and directed by Luc Besson. It is an animated film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like action movies like Ocean's Thirteen?
Sure, The Fight Club was directed by David Fincher and stars George Clooney. It is a Thriller/Horror film.
I don't know about that, but I can tell you it is similar to The Fight Club.
Brad Pitt has starred in the sci-fi film 'Avatar.'
No problem!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and released in 1995.
Some other films in that genre include Winter's Bone and The Rules of Attraction.
It is! It is considered a Romantic film.
Is he an actor who plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I haven't seen it but I know its a very popular sport in the U.S.C. I'm a big fan of Basketball.
That's a great one. I haven't heard of that. Is it a drama?
I agree, they are a good team. The Lakers are coached by Doc Rivers, Doc Rivers, and owned by Steve Ballmer.
Mike Brown is a great player as well! He is a great coach.
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998.
He also wrote When you are Engulfed in Flames, which is a thriller.
That's a great book! It was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1989. I hope that you enjoy it!
Stephen Curry is a basketball player and plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Stephen Curry won the NBA All-Rookie Team
They are basketball movies. Larry Bird is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is a composer and musician. He starred in The Fountain. Have you seen it?
I am sorry I do not have info on Vulgar but I can tell you the story is based on a book by Steven Spielberg who wrote and directed the film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Vulgar. Can I help you with anything else?
Kevin Smith is a very well known actor. He starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Jumanji, a film starring James Russo and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't either but I know they're coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
No I haven't played, but I did hear he's a great player
I know it was written by Terry Goodkind and released in 1994. Are you familiar with his work?
List is a book in the Speculative genre written by Terry Goodkind called Wizard's First rule and falls under the genre Fantasy.
I believe its a fiction/ mystery. It falls under the Young-adult fiction genre.
Yes, Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell and released in 1994.
The Novel is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
He has also written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
I am not sure about that novel. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, I can help you with anything else.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel.
I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome.
I have not. I know he is a great Athlete. what about you?
That would be their team! Did you know their team was coached by David O'Brien?
Stephen Gostkowski is a great quarterback. Did you know he won the Patriots award?
I don't know much about him. I know he is a boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya
Yeah, he's probably the greatest boxer of all time. Do you like boxing?
Yeah I didn't know he was in that movie too. I think I remember watching him in the Olympics.
The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds and The War of the Worlds
It is written by Philip Pullman and is a speculative fiction.
I would categorize it is a fiction novel
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and there is a movie similar to Twilight called Breaking Dawn
There's The Baader Meinhof Complex, written by Chris Weitz, starring Emma Thompson and Janet Evanovich. It's a Romance film.
Of course, it stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi to name a few.
I agree! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi too.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network.
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. Are you a fan of science fiction films?
Yes, she did. She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read it?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction?
Jack Reacher stars Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall, and David Oyelowo. It's a mystery thriller.
Some other thrillers include Zero Dark Thirty and The Mummy. Have you seen either of those?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
I love him! He's a very talented artist!
Yes, I like him. Do you know he is a rapper?
He also played the guitar and the guitar. How about you?
Are you a fan of animated movies? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is a romantic novel written by Frances Mayes. It was released in 2001.
I hope you enjoy it!
Se7en is a series and the genre is Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a crime Thriller. It's similar to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and White House Down. Do those sound interesting?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and it is genre fiction. Are you into that genre?
No, I haven't. Is it the book written by Paula McLain?
Circling the Sun was released in 2003!
Yes, it is! Enjoy!
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammy for Record of the Year?
I am not a big fan of hers, but I do know that she is friends with Clay Aiken. Do you know who she is?
I am not sure if she does, but I do know that she is friends with Aiken, and I love Clay Aiken.
I do like reality television. Is there anything else I can help with?
City of Fallen Angels is a great book written by Cassandra Clare. Have you read it?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a fantasy. Are you familiar with this author?
Sure! Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, City of Glass, and City of Glass. Have you read any of these?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed Hotel Rwanada.
It is an adventure film
Hugh Jackman starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl stars William Petty and Edgar Allan Poe.
Absolutely! Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a book that was released in 2003. It's about a fictional character who is called a kid when a kid kidnaps a kid when he was a kid when he was a kid when he was kidnapped. It's pretty cool.
That's a great historical fiction novel. It's the next book in the series after The Castle.
You're welcome.
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. what else can i answer for you?
Catch Me If You Can stars Tom Hanks and Bill Pullman. Would you like to know more about this film?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pony and The Twin Twins. Have you read either of those?
Yes it was, the movie was produced by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Selection Stories, and The Prince & The Guard. Have you read any of those?
The Siren is a novel and The Queen is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Siren is a book by Kiera Cass' The Siren. It's part of a series. Would you like to read it?
I know it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley
There is a movie called The Modern Prometheus which was released in 1818.
I don't have that information. However, Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes she was in Valentine's day too. She also stars in The Three Stooges.
Yes, I do. I love that book. It was written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
I have. Are you a fan of Cara Greene? She also wrote Paper Towns.
I think he's a good basketball player. He plays point guard right?
Yes he was, he was a great guard
Yes they have become a football team as well
The Scorch Trials is a young adult fiction written by James Dashner. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I have not heard of that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like X-Men because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is sci-fi or because it is sci-fi?
Glenn Morshower and James Franco are in the film. Do you like them?
Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Izzard. Would you like to know more about this film?
I have not seen Moulin Rouge. It is written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, that is correct. Did you know that Missy Eliot starred in The Moulin Rouge?
Missy Eliot and Pink starred in the movie. He is a very good actor.
You're welcome.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid F.C.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I grew up in the US so I'm not much of a basketball fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I do, but my favorite sport is American Football.
I am not a big soccer fan, I just know about the redskins. Who is the coach?
I hope they win the Super Bowl this spring.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you liked that, you might also like The Truman Show, which is also a crime/thriller.
Yes. Did you know that Rodnet Dangerfield also starred in The Rum Diary?
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Did you know that Abigail Breslin also wrote it?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 1997.
You're welcome.
I know he is a singer, songwriter and dancer
I do, I love Jordan Sparks too. Do you know he was in the movie Star Trek?
Yes, she won the 2007 PGA Championship
Sure, What Alice Forgot is a book by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
It was released in 2014. It's a fiction book and it was also made into a movie in 2010.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction type novel.
Speaker of the Dead and the Dead are also speculative fiction
Speakers of the Dead is written by Waylander. Would you like to know who wrote Waylander?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is a thriller?
Treasure Planet is directed by Ron Clements, who also directed The Princess and the Frog.
You are welcome.
I know she starred in The Muppets which is a really good movie.
Did you know she starred in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner?
Yes, the muppets was a great movie. Do you know Keira Knightley starred in it?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I don't know that one. I just know that he was in the X-Men series as well!
Yes, they did. That was a great trip to Amsterdam!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
He starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes she is.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The genre is fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
I think he's a really good actor. He starred in Shrek the Third and The Social Network.
Sure, one of my favorites is "Lilo & Me" and "Wild Wild West."
I would say it is a pop music/romance.
I do! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It is a novel about the life of young girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with her sister Serena
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with
Do you like it because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama
He also wrote X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome
Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, Michelle Nolden, Jaqueline fleming and Bruce Willis.
Mike Starr has starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of these?
Mike Starr also starred in The House of Mirth and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
J.K. Rowling wrote the original.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Directed by Stephen Hunter and Jonathan Lemkin starred in Shooter.
Yes, Tate did star in the tv show. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like the movie because it was starring Marlon Brando or because it was a drama?
OK, you might also like The Stuff or The Apocalypse Now. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure who stars in that movie. Are you familiar with his work?
Of course, Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Sam Neill, and Olivia Wilde to name a few.
Sure Angelina Jolie was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen that one?
Yes Mr and Mrs Smith starred in that! It was very funny!
Yes I did and that was a funny movie!
Did you know Owen Wilson was in Zoolander 2?
He plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder.
He plays the position of forward for the team, and he is the midfielder.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and forward position.
Is he a player for the Real Madrid F.C?
I am not sure, I do know that it is a soccer player as well.
Yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, he is in Edge of Tomorrow. Did you know he also wrote The Secret Life of Bees?
A couple other examples would be The Outsiders and The Time Traveler's Wife. Are you familiar with those?
Yes that is a great movie. Do you want me to give it a try?
I hope you enjoy it.
That's a good movie! 500 Days of Summer is a movie starring Zooey Deschanel
I'm more of a thriller/adventure film. I think Zooey Deschanel is a really good movie that I like.
I like murder mystery as well and Joseph Gordon-Levitt stars in it
I haven't seen Pacifier yet but I know it was written by John Lennon
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
Some of her other famous books include Where Rainbows End and When a Stranger Calls. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it did. It was released in 2010. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
I don't know too much about them but I do know that they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner
He's from New York City, United States.
The film was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Jungle.
I do not know that one, isn't he?
I don't know he produced that film, but he also produced That Thing You Do.
I am not sure if genre for that. I do know that Tom Everett and Steve Buscemi also produced that film.
I am not sure if it is a comedy. I do know that Tom Everett is also in that film.
That's a good one! I haven't seen that one yet, I'm sorry.
Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and Good Will Hunting. Do you like drama films?
It is a Thriller, and Robin Williams starred in it as well.
No I haven't heard of that movie. Did you know Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
I do as well I was a wide receiver for the 49ers. Do you have a favorite football team?
I like the Steelers as well as the New York Giants. Do you have a favorite team?
Do you like the book because it is written by Colleen McCullough or because it is a mystery?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Women of Brewster Place stars Gloria Naylor.
She starred in A Christmas Carol in the Old Curiosity Shop.
You should check it out.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel by J.R. Ward. It has a genre of Thriller and Fantasy. It is part of a series.
Yes, it was also released in 2005. That was the same year Zooey Deschanel was released.
The Mist was written by James Patterson, and The Maze Runner was a great Sci-Fi novel. I think you will enjoy it!
The Mist was also written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Green Mile. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
It's a great horror film. If you like horror, you should check out Zoolander.
Sure, it's a good one. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall
The Invasion stars Thomas Lennon and Anne Hathaway. It's a great thriller.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that she was also in the X-Men series, The Invasion of the Body Snatchers was a great film!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's a professional basketball player. He plays point guard for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Cadillac Records has genre Drama. Did you know she starred in the movie?
Lady Gaga is a really talented singer. Did you know she starred in The Muppets which is a really good film?
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a good movie with Bradley Cooper?
The Muppets also had William H. Macy, who was in The Muppets. The Muppets was directed by him is amazing.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Essential readings for the Non-believer is a Non-Fiction. The genre is young-adult fiction and was released in 1838. Have you read it?
I believe Thomas Hobbes also wrote a version of the Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Orlando Bloom or because it is a fantasy?
Well, if you haven't seen The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
He was also in the movie Troy, have you seen that one?
Your welcome.
She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. Have you read either of these?
He's a great golfer. Do you enjoy golf?
I'm not a big golf fan either. I love Adam Sandler in Caddyshack.
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis wrote and directed it?
Eric Bress has directed many movies. Would you like me to send it to you?
It is a psychological thriller and horror film. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief was released in 1993. It is a drama/fantasy/fantasy/fantasy/mystery.
I have not seen The Pelican Brief but The Pelican Brief is a Crime Drama/Action.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
Some other Young Adult films are What to Expect When You're Expecting and Wicked Lovely.
Yes it is a comedy and also stars Tika Sumpter
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper was in The Mask, which is a comedy drama.
Yes, he also starred in the comedy Larry Crowne
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012. It has genre Psychological thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Seahawks is a thriller and is a drama. Do you like thrillers?
Great, have a nice day.
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park as well.
Ralph Ellison wrote Lullaby.
He wrote Sense and Sensibility, a romance novel.
No I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Stephen Hunter
It also stars Donovan, did you know that Tate Donovan was in the movie as well?
He also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Rocky is a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
You might enjoy the boxer movies like The House of Mirth. It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
It's a martial arts film and it was originally published in 1985.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen and is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Great. Then you might also like Reese Witherspoon starring Robert Pattinson.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
I'm not familiar with Blake Griffin, but I know he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I am not a big basketball fan. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, I agree. I love sportsmen as well. Who's your favorite player?
Oh wow, I never heard of that! Who is the coach?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is written by Mark Haddon, and it was released in 2003. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. Have you read it?
The Godfather is a drama and crime fiction. Which genre are you interested in?
Yes it is. It also stars Tom Hanks and Chris Evans.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie, written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
I'm not a huge fan of her. Is she the one that starred in The Cool World?
Sure , have you watch The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?
I have a recommendation with Goldie Hawn
Yes it is a Parody movie. He also starred in Jurassic Park III and Invisible Man
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Gods Them Softly, which is a book.
Underworld is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I don't know any other books by her. However, she authored Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
You're welcome.
Do you like thrillers? Insomnia is a thriller.
I don't have that information. I know it was written by Stephen King and it is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
Winnie the Pooh is a Romance Film. what else can i do for you?
Saving Grace was released in 1979. Would you like to watch it?
I don't know too much about her. I know she plays tennis. Are you a tennis fan?
I know a bit about tennis but I don't know much about it either. I know she won the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Wow I didn't know that. I know he's from Belarus.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Did you know that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII?
It's a book in the genre of Children Literature. I am not sure if that is the title, but I do know it was released in 1958.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed The Assassination of Jesse James
A couple other James Franco films you may enjoy are X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Wrestler is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is starring Tom Hanks and Marisa Tomei
It is a Romance genre
Your welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player?
It's a sport I like to watch. Do you have a favorite team?
Some of the great cricket players include Toni Kroos and Virat Kohli.
Yes, it is part of a series written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. The next in the series is The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Great Divorce. Have you read either of those ?
I believe it's a fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
I'm not seeing anything similar, I know The Lord of the Rings was written by Peter Pan as well.
Sure, there's The Golden Compass which is a good one.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on the genre for The Sea Wolf.
Of course! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel.
J.M. Barrie wrote The book.
He wrote рат и овести.
That book was also written by Richard Pevear, who also wrote The Merchant of Venice.
I do not have that information. However, I know Eecbl is a fiction genre.
Cabin in the Woods written by Drew Goddard, have you read it?
No I do not have that information. I can tell you that Kristen Connolly wrote the movie.
Yes it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen it, but it's a great Sci-Fi movie. Are you a fan of that genre?
If you like Batman v Superman, you should check out The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers: Infinity War.
Michael Bay also directed the popular Sci-Fi film AEon Flux
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
2006 was also the year A Scanner Darkly was released
I'd say The Blind Side is a war film. Have you seen that one?
I recommend The Blind Side. It is a very good one.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Blind Side was adapted into a film in 1994.
I hope you enjoy it!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I only know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
I have only seen her in the movie Serena
Yes it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Star Wars?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. The Proposal is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Golden Compass. I think I will add that one to my watch list.
Certainly, Do you like Hugh Jackman? He's in a lot of thrillers.
George R. R. Martin directed it. Are you familiar with his work?
It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine to name a few.
It came out in 2003.
Yes, I have seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan of Kevin Spacey?
It is a drama. Do you like comedies?
You've Got Mail also stars Jennifer Lawrence.
You've Got Mail is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
I hope you enjoy it!
Your welcome.
Did you like the Gangsta rap element, or the Thriller aspect of Deception Point?
The genre is Techno-thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Ok what else can i answer for you?
It is a Romance film similar to Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
I am not sure, but I know that Lemony Snicket also wrote The Wide Window which is based on the book.
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen starred in the movie along with Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
I apologize, my system sent part of the message too soon.
Yes, you're correct. I believe that's correct.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Enjoy the movie!
I haven't read that, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
I believe she also wrote The Fiery Cross. Are you familiar with that one?
I'm not sure if she has any other information on that one. I know that she was born in Los Angeles, California.
Drums of Autumn is the second in the series. Drums of Autumn is a series.
He is a soccer player, he plays for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC when they play for Real Madrid.
I don't know much about him other than he's a midfielder. Do you know who he is?
They were! I didn't know that! I love The Titans. Did you know Hayden Panettiere was in that movie?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
That's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on his other roles, but Roland Emmerich starred in The Walking Dead.
Gary Ross directed that movie. Do you like his movies?
I love Madonna! She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away, too!
I don't know a favorite, but I do know that he was born in Santa Monica, California.
I like White Oleander. What about you?
The New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson. I'm not a huge fan of the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I haven't really followed football so I don't know much about it. I do know that they are in the National Football League. Are they a good team?
I do know that they made it to the New York Jets and the New York Jets. Are you a football fan?
I know he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, its a south korean boy band
I haven't heard of them, but I haven't heard much of them lately. Is they a good team?
It's a good one! It's about the future where the main character hikes 1,000 miles of the 2,650 mile pacific crest trail on a waterfall cliff.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he is! Do you like sci-fi?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he is! I love Snoop Dogg! I think he is friends with Dr. Dre, and did you know Snoop Dogg was in Snoop Dogg, and did you know Snoop Dogg was in Snoop Dogg, and did you know Snoop Dogg was in Snoop Dogg, and did you know Snoop Dogg was in Snoop Dogg, did you know Snoop Dogg was in Snoop Dogg, and did you know Snoop Dogg was when when he was with him
Yes, he did. It's a classic!
You're welcome.
She starred in Time Bandits. Have you seen that one?
Time Bandits was released in 1990. It is a comedy/drama film. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 1997. It's a drama/fantasy film also starring Shelley Duvall.
She was also in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Do you like that genre?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
The novel is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Donna Tartt also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a fiction. It's also considered a children's literature.
Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't know a lot about that. Michael Bay also directed King of the Jungle which is an action film. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson?
I haven't seen that one, I'm sorry.
Is he an athlete who plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I've never really followed him but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians and is from Nagpur.
Yes, I do like American football. I used to play for the San Francisco 49ers.
I hope the Eagles win again that's what the team is looking for. What do you think?
Sure, she starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life.
Yes, she was. I love Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen X-Men: First Class?
I'm not sure but I know Lea Thompson was also in Baby Girl, which is a comedy.
I've never seen it, but I love it! Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It is a mystery genre. Do you like mysteries?
Stanlee was written by Frank Herbert.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in the Revenge film called Memento. Have you seen it?
Memento is written by Robert Rodriguez and it is starring Xander Berkeley
He wrote the movie Memento and the movie The Dark Knight
Added to your watch list.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I am not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but my favorite is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know too much about them either. I do know that they are the runner-up in the super bowl this spring
Yes, he has written some great books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yes, that's a great one! Would you like to try it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for a Romantic Fiction genre.
Deadpool is a superhero film. Some other superhero films are Red Dragon, The Dark Knight, and Batman Begins.
James Franco is one of the stars in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool was released in 2010. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Peter Greene.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Belgium national football team?
Soccer and Football. Do you know anything about soccer?
Thanks for the info, I will have to check it out.
Yes she is. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
I don't remember seeing him in that movie. I do like Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
I haven't seen it yet but I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
It is a comedy starring some great actors like Step Brothers. It was released in 2010.
I agree, I love John C.Reilly too! He's such a talented guy!
Slapstick comedy was released in 1997. If you like Slapstick comedy, you should definitely check it out!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and was released in 1606. Do you like his writings?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is fiction.
That is correct. He wrote Romeo and Juliet as well.
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
King's Speech was rated PG and he also starred in the movie The Damned United
The Kings Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty good team since they won the Super Bowl this year. Are you a fan?
Did you know that they won the mascot for the Broncos?
He's a great team. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes, it stars both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.
I am a big fan of Rihanna's music. Is she the one who is your favorite artist?
Natalie Portman was in it. She was also in Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway.
I hope you enjoy it! It is a great movie.
I know AB de Villiers is a singer, songwriter, and athlete.
I do not know a specific genre. I do know AB de Villiers played cricket in English.
That's a great pianist.
No I haven't, but it was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was in it as well. Did you know he was also in The Rum Diary?
No I haven't. I haven't seen The Pirates of the Caribbean.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet but will check it out.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just like the fantasy genre of this book?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
Juraissic has genre Romance. Would you like to hear about movies with him in that genre?
Z for Zachariah is a good one
Yes he is in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
Some other actors in X-Men Origins include Tom Hanks, Jennifer Lawrence
Some other adventure films are; Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Titan A.E. Also
I'm sorry I don't show any information on Ryan Reynolds
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it is. It is co-written by Stephen King and is a tragicomedy.
I agree. The stand is a great Sci-Fi novel. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was written by Winston Groom and Eric Roth
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member of the National Football Conference South division
I don't know much about football
he play midfielder
yes they are
I don't know too much about her, but I know she is very talented. She is one of the best in my opinion.
I haven't seen it, but I know she starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
Yeah Liam Neeson is good, I wonder if Skarsgard is a good actor?
Enrique Iglesias has been making himself so prominent in several.
yes he was. he was also in Desperado. Desperado was a classic. Do you like his music?
I am not sure what it is. i also like dance music. do you like any other genre?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and Shirley. Villette is a classic!
It was released in 1843 the same year that the Bleak House was released. Have you read it?
If you like Charlotte, you should check out The Professor. She is very talented.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte Cristo released in 1844.
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is a Speculative fiction.
It was originally written in Le Comte de Monte Cristo. It also has genre Speculative fiction
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel. Are you a fan of the author?
Of course! Emily St. Mandel also wrote Days of Future Past and The Nanny Diaries. Have you read either of these?
Last Night in Montreal is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a very talented writer. He also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson also wrote a book called The Story of Doctor Dolittle
Robert Jackson also wrote Time (Literary Fiction Book)
I don't have that information
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in the romantic comedy genre?
The Notebook has a genre of Historical period drama. Is that what you are looking for?
Of course, Water for Elephants stars Anna Kendrick and Margaret Atwood.
Of course, enjoy!
I've never heard of it. Is it a fantasy novel?
You're correct. Jamie Ford also wrote Songs of Willow Frost
Correct. Eureka is from the United States of America.
That is correct. I haven't read it personally.
Batman Begins is in the Sci-Fi genre. Do you enjoy Sci-Fi movies?
Well, it's a thriller and stars Morgan Freeman. Would you like to hear about other movies with him?
The Avengers: Age of Ultron and The Civil War are two of Morgan Freeman movies.
Are you looking for other books by the same author Grisham or other thrillers?
Great! It was written by John Grisham, who also wrote The World According to Garp.
I'd also recommend The Pelican Brief or The Firm.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Tim Dolin also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Handmaid's Tale.
He also wrote Return of the native
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She has a series called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
it genre is young adult fiction
The Fault in Our Stars
they are all in the adventure genre
you are welcome
The genre of person narrative has similar type books, such as 'without remorse.' Have you read that book?
Yes, it was. Simmons also wrote Vampire Academy.
I don't have any other information on Dan Simmons.
I do, I love Michael Bay. He wrote The Golden Compass.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and I love him!
It's a comedy. Are you a fan of James Coburn?
I've never seen that one. Is it a thriller?
Great, I think you will love it. Enjoy!
I agree, Damian Lillard is a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I like Jordan, he is a good player
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Sure, Do you like books written by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
I don't have any examples but J.D. Salinger also wrote Franny and Zooey and The House at Pooh Corner.
Yes, I do know that they are a K-Pop band. Are you a K-Pop fan?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like Shakira. I'm a huge fan of her.
It is a fiction book released in 1980. It is the next in the series is The Gods of Small Things.
It was released in 2005, the same year The Poisonwood Bible was released. I would say it is a very good read.
I would recommend World Without End because it is a very good book.
I also recommend The Night Star, if you haven't read it.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper is a sci-fi movie written by Ron Howard. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes that is correct. Anything else i can answer for you?
ok have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome!
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
Tony Goldwyn starred in Someone Like You and Directed The Shawshank Redemption.
It is a Thriller.
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.D. Salinger.
Franny and Zooey was also written by J.D. Salinger
You are welcome.
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
It came out in 2004. Do you like young adult fiction?
I am not sure who starred in it, but it was released in 1962.
I'm not seeing anything similar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. What genre do you like?
It's a Historical novel. Wideacre is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction books are The White Queen, have you read it?
Glad I could help!
Sure, Arsenal is a professional soccer team in London.
They're currently playing for the New England Patriots.
I'm a huge Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm a big Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yes, I do. I love Wally Lamb. Are you a fan of hers?
I Know This Much Is True is a fiction novel. Have you read it?
The Beginner's Goodbye was written by Anne Tyler too.
I hope you enjoy it
Well they were runner ups for Super Bowl XVII right?
Not really, I am more of a Bears fan. Are you a Packers fan?
The Patriots have the best chance to win the Super Bowl this year. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure, Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Thrillers?
Both Peter Dinklage and Tad Hamilton have starred in Jurassic Park III.
It was released in 1990. Would you like to know more about the Jurassic World?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do agree!!! I love her new song, Thank U, Next, and I like it too! What is your favorite Ariana song?
Yes Victoria Justice is a great Sissy Spacek. She is a very talented singer.
I think Selena Gomez was in it as well.
I agree! Jamie Lynn Spears too. She has a lot of talents.
Downfall is a war film. It was written by Truman Capote. Have you read it?
I can! Windtalkers was directed by Richard Condon. Would you like to watch it?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
The genre of Catchter in the Rye is a novel.
Sure, I have Two for the Money and Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you heard of them?
Of course, I think you'll enjoy Wuthering Heights! I hope you enjoy!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a Thriller starring Daniel Henney, Damon Wayans Jr and Abraham Benrubi
Yes it is! Have you seen it?
Yes! That is correct. Did you know that she also starred in The Incredible Hulk?
That's correct. Did you know that Mindy was also a voice actor as well?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
They are a football team in the AFC South Division. I am not a huge fan of football but I do know that they are part of the NFC South Division.
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Tony Romo is a great actor. Did you know he's from the United States of America?
Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson is a character in The Royal Tenenbaums. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
It's okay. It has a minor role in it.
Justin Rose is a famous golfer in London.
I don't have any information on him. I know he's also a musician and athlete.
That's a good one. Did you know he's from Oxford?
She wrote The Waves of Light & The Lighthouse. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she wrote The Knife and The Secret Garden. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I like the Denver Nuggets better. Do you have a favorite team?
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy as well as a comedy. It's a Historical period drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Mann directed Public Enemies
Yes, he also directed the movie Larry Crowne, which is a romance he also directed.
Tom Cruise is a great actor. It stars Tom Cruise, who was in a great deal of movies!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
I think she's fine. What's your favorite song of hers?
No I haven't heard anything else she does. Is she a good singer?
Yes she is also in Valentine's day too. She is a very talented singer.
I don't know too much about Pittsburgh Steelers but I do know that The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Me either. I like Roethlisberger as well. He's a screenwriter now.
She's a great writer. She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
She has also written The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I'm not sure, but Evermore is a children's book was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
James Rodrguez is the Columbia national football team. Do you like football?
I do as well. Do you have any other favorite football teams?
Radamel Falcao is a great Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Dead Poets Society stars Robin Wright. It is a drama film. Do you like drama movies?
Dead Poets Society is a comedy.
There's Dead Poets Society written by Tom Schulman as well. It's a comedy/drama.
There's Dead Poets Society which was written by Tom Hanks and it stars Robin Williams.
You're welcome.
He wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two.
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote Parts One and Two, Parts One and Two. Did you know J.K. Rowling wrote the Harry Potter series?
I can not find the information showing that it was adapted into a film.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zerte Jest.
I am not sure but Milan Kundera was also a film producer.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Bourne Identity is a thriller that was written Tony Gilroy
The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity
The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : The Bourne Identity : The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity Identity: The Bourne Identity, the Bourne
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, do you like this author?
The book was published in 2001. There is a book called Neverwhere that was released. Have you heard of it?
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, which is an action film. He also directed Girl, Interrupted, and Girl, Interrupted.
Yes, it stars Johnny Cash. Would you like to see it?
It won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year in 2001.
If you like Johnny Cash, you should give The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo a try.
No problem! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read it?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee and was released in 1960.
It is a fiction book, do you like fiction books?
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Do you like his movies?
Spud is a drama
He also stars in the movie Larry Crowne
Robert Pattinson also stars in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1985 American fantasy drama film directed by Irwin Kreshner.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Yes he starred in the movie The Other Guys which is a comedy/drama.
The Other Guys was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about The Hangover movies?
You are welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of these?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy was in The Shawshank Redemption too. Would you like to watch that?
Right. He is a great actor. He was also in The Green Mile.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is an american mystery starring Tom Hanks
Do you like science fiction?
Did you know he also starred in The Aviator?
I am not familiar with that inception, but I know it was written by George Clooney and Benedict Cumberbatch was in it
I agree with you! James Cameron also wrote True Lies and Avatar.
I hope you enjoy it!
50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Paul Walker is one of the actors who starred in the movie. He was also in 50/50.
Sure. Vanessa Fertilio also starred in Love and Other Impossible Pursuit of Happyness
You're welcome
Yes it is a basketball team. Are you a fan of the Brooklyn Nets?
Washington Wizards are correct. Are you a basketball fan?
I haven't seen that! Isn't Stephen Dorff in that movie?
Yes, I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Long Winter both are good books. Have you read them?
These Long Winter is a novel that was released in 1953. It is a fiction novel.
If you like historical fiction, you may want to check out Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
Sure thing.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that book?
Do you need any other recommendation?
Would you like to read it? It is part of a series.
It's a play written by Robert C. O'Brien and was released in 1964. Do you like his books?
It was directed by Dave Pelzer
It is a fiction novel released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Jim Belushi has been in a number of movies. Are you a fan of Jay Leno?
Jim Belushi also starred in the Juicio del Toro.
You're welcome.
It's a drama starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
Robert De Niro and Anne Hathaway are in the movie
The Night Stars is also a Romance Film genre
It is directed by Arther Rankin
Water for Elephants came out in 2011
You're welcome
Sure, do you like thrillers or action movies?
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich and the Colombia national football team.
Yes, he also plays for the Colombia national football team as well as the Colombia national football team.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder as well.
Columbia is a famous actress who starred in the movie The Incredibles.
Will Smith and Will Ferrell both star in I, Robot.
As Good as It Gets is a movie starring Yeardley Smith and Wood Harris. Have you seen it?
It's a drama that was released in 1999. James L. Brooks also directed Terms of Endearment with Jack Nicholson and Jack Nicholson.
It was released in 1999 and is an action film.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know that they're owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I am more of a American Football fan to be honest.
Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of that sport?
That's correct! That's the year she did the 2012 Olympics.
I'm a huge tennis fan. I really like to watch the 2012 Olympics.
He's from India. He's from Northern Ireland.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2003. It is in English.
He also wrote Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was. It's a movie by the way.
Tony Hendra was a comedian as well as a writer and a musician as well.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is! Quentin Tarantino directed it. It's called Reservoir Dogs.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Roberto Orci. He also directed Sin City. Have you seen it?
Sin City is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Robert Rodriguez and Ed Sheeran. Do you like Robert Rodriguez?
No problem!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it was produced by David Benioff and Khaled Hosseini.
The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner. Khaled starred in The Kite Runner as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell, it is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
That's correct. I haven't seen that movie before.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Have you read those?
I'm not sure the genre for that, but I can tell you that it is a fiction.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1936. It is a drama.
There's The Beautiful Damned, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
F. Scott Fitzgerald is the author. He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was released in 1925. It's a good book.
The Fighter is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, and Melissa McMeekin. It's a great movie.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1843.
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Villette is a Gothic Fiction novel. Do you like Gothic fiction?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the Young-adult fiction genre?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happens and Water for Elephants. Have you read either of those?
It's a Young-adult fiction. Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happens in Vegas. Have you read it?
Me too! He directed both The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen them?
Yes, Steve Kloves did write The Amazing Spider-Man. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Fantastic Mr. Kloves and J.K. Rowling. They are both in the film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great singer. Do you know anything about him?
AB de Villiers played cricket too. Would you like to know anything about cricket?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan myself. Are you a fan?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Jodi Foster, and Robert De Niro
You're welcome
You're welcome
I love that movie! It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was released in 1920?
I would recommend The Good Dinosaur which is a Disney movie.
The Princess and the Frog is a children's animated film. It also has a genre of Adventure and Comedy.
Yes, it is a dark one. It was written by John Lee Hancock and it has a dark twist.
Of course! The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It was released in 1903. Have you read anything by him?
Sure. Jack London also wrote To Have and Have Not.
To Build a Fire is a great book. It was released in 1929.
I have not. Is it the book written by Jamie McGuire?
I agree. I enjoyed Walking Disaster. Did you know it was released in 2011?
I haven't read that yet, I will definitely check it out!
No problem enjoy!
no problem
Jennifer Lawrence has starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of either of those?
Yes he was, he was also in Silver Linings Playbook.
Meet the Parents is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome
I don't really know much about football but I do know that the Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill
The Bears are a team owned by Bill Bidwell and it has a bit of drama genre. Are you a fan of dramas?
I would say they are a good team as well! Do you have a favorite football team?
That book is written by Toni Morrison. another similar book is The Bluest Eye. Have you read that one?
Then you might also like The Day the Earth Stood Still.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Thornton was also in the X-Men series.
Ariana Grande is a very talented singer. Did you know she starred in the movie Victorious?
Yes it is Liam Hensworth, she is very talented. Do you like her music?
I agree. The Last Song is a great movie. It was released in 2014.
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote Two Weeks with my Brother. Both are great books.
The Notebook was adapted into a film which was made into a movie. It's a Romance novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The River Wild. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
All of his movies are Action and Adventure. Do you like watching those types of movies?
No, it's a fictional novel about the Queen.
Ed Harris starred in the movie.
Yeah Emily Blunt starred in The Queen.
Of course! Emily Blunt starred in Wild Hogs, which is a comedy.
Sure, will send it to your screen now!
Do you like Fast and Furious because it is written by Gary Scott Thompson or because it stars Vin Diesel?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Paul Walker was in this movie
Fast 2 furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Vin Diesel
No problem
Do you like the movie because it's an action movie or because it's an action movie?
World War Z was written by Max Brooks, who also wrote Insomnia.
I have not seen that movie, but I heard it was good. Is it a thriller?
I don't know. But, he starred in Wedding Belles and Mrs. Bishop.
Steve Jobs also starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with this movie?
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
I'm sorry I don't have information on that.
You as well!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know he was a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets but he played point guard for the Brooklyn Nets
Oh wow! I didn't know that. Is he a good coach?
Yes I do. I love the song Too Good at Goodbyes. Do you like it?
Too Good at Goodbyes is a couple of Sam Smith song writers. I know he starred in The Big Bang Theory. Would you like to hear it?
yes that is correct. I do know that he is also a good screenwriter.
I am not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that! Are you a fan of basketball?
Do you know where the 76ers play?
Yes, he wrote the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Warren Zix also produced American Pie. Have you seen it?
The Last Stand is a similar movie.
No I haven't. Is it a thriller?
I don't know a lot about him. I am not familiar with his work. Is he a good actor?
That's a good one. Did you know Jake Gyllenhaal was also in The Dark Knight?
I think they are a great basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Oh wow! Who's your favorite player?
I didn't know that! I love Jada Pinkett Smith! He's such a talented man!
I'm not familiar with that! I know he produced it too!
Madame Bovary is a novel written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was. It was originally published in 1856, the same year The War of the Worlds was released.
Well, it appears that the same author is influenced by William Shakespeare. Would you like to hear about other works by the same author, or genre?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, alongside Peter Gallagher, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a great movie!
It also was written by Tony Gilroy and Judy Greer.
He also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen? which is a Comedy.
Yes she is. She lost to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal.
I do agree that she's a good tennis player.
I agree! I love romantic movies too, have you seen Titanic with Kristin Cashore?
Yes, he directed The Storm. Have you seen it?
i don't watch all the Money in the World, i just know he wrote Alien
All The Money in the World was released in 1994
I don't have information on that but i know she starred in a movie The People Speak
You are welcome
Shakira wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you heard it?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film. Shakira is a very talented singer.
Shakira is the world's first prize for Love in the Time of Cholera
Coraline was written by Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller horror film.
Coraline is a genre of Thriller and Mystery. Do you like those genres?
The most popular sci-fi film is Star Wars, have you seen it?
Wicked City is a Thriller written by John Hodgman and is a Thriller.
Margaret Atwood wrote The Robber Bride. She also wrote The Penelopiad. Have you read that one?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
It was originally published in 1910. It is a fiction book
Enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's Romance?
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two, which is a romance novel.
The Notebook is a book that was turned into a movie. The Notebook is based on a book that was turned into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's correct. It was released in 1851 in English
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his books include The Best Nest and Go Dog Go!
Yes, it is a children's literature written in 1961. Would you like to read it?
Yes, he did. There is also a a film adaptation of it called Dog. It was released in 1974.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park. He also directed Jurassic Park.
Surviving Picasso is a drama film
Some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Anne Hathaway, Sophie Okonedo, Sophie Okonedo
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. It is also a very good movie starring Marlon Brando.
Sure, adding them now
Danny Boyle directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure about James Franco, but he did star in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
I believe it is a drama film. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy, which is an action film
This movie is a family movie
Sorry there is no information about that
Mrs Smith is a co-star
Okay enjoy!
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a film similar to Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer.
Sure! He starred in the movie, Wristcutters: A True Story, and The Perfect Score.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he won the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final
Well this is a Thriller, would you like a recommendation for a Thriller?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Pet Sematary is a book by Robin Jarvis.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote Die Verwandlung, a romance novel.
It is a fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
I haven't seen it but I know that it's written by Rick Riordan
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance with Mike Colter.
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in The Pledge.
Yeah, he was in that as well. Did you know that Seth Rogen also starred in The Midnight Star?
Cool, enjoy!
Yes, it is a spy film written by Ian Flemyng and Ian Flemyng starred in it.
Cedric the Entertainer is the main star but Robert Wade is the main star.
It was released in 2005. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was. It was directed by Robert Wade as well.
You're welcome.
Cloud Atlas was written by David Mitchell. Do you like science fiction?
The Island is a sci-fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome.
Charlize Theron is also in the X-Men series as well as The Hunger Games.
Taxi Driver is a thriller and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch that movie?
I don't have that information, but some other thrillers you might enjoy are X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
Some other great movies you might like are X-Men: First Class and Women in Love
Great, I'll add it to your watch list now
That's a great movie I've never seen it. Is it a drama film?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth.
The Day of the Jackal was directed by Robert De Niro and is considered a Thriller.
Yes, its an autobiographical novel by Anne Frank. The genre is Thriller and was released in 2010.
Sure, there's The Diary of a Young Girl, or The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it appears that it is the next in the series, The Diary of Theodore Roosevelt and the Bell Jar are two of my very good autobiographies.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you looking for a sci-fi movie or horror genre?
A Time to Kill stars Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth.
He is in Way of the Gun and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed the movie True Romance starring Tom Hanks
Sure, you might also enjoy the next in the Omega Code. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he is a writer and director. He directed many movies. I think you would like to know about that one. Have you seen it?
I am not sure if this movie is about football, but it is in the drama genre.
Pizzo wrote that movie. It is a Comedy/drama.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member of the National Football Conference South division
Yes, he did coach the team overall. Do you like football?
I hope they have a great time! Have a great day!
I do agree. Isn't he a top midfielder for sure?
I love baseball. I'm a big sports fan. What about you?
I think I've ever been a Denver Broncos fan before.
Scream is a Horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, you are right. Jamie Kennedy also starred in Scream 4.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Robert C. O'Brien, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam starred in V for Vendetta.
It is a science fiction/adventure film.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Resident Evil, have you read it or read it?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz, Tintenherz, and Mrs. Frisby. Would you like to know more about this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz and Tintenherz.
King Kong was written by Kong Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Naomi Watts has starred in Zombieland as well as many others. Would you like to know more?
The Painted Veil is a historical novel and was directed by Ron Nyswaner.
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children
Yes they are all in the genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know a lot about her, but I know he wrote The Five Love Languages of Sugar Plums
I'm not seeing any information on him, but I can tell you he wrote The Five Love Languages of Sugar Plum Spooky and The Cuckoo's Calling.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is a Wonderful Life. have you read it?
He also wrote The Grapes of Wrath
Frank Capra also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I didn't know it was produced by Walt Disney Pictures
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
Yes, I do have that
I'm not sure but it was written in English
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence and is a crime drama.
It's a crime movie. It's a comedy.
The girl who wrote the Girl with a Dragon Tattoo is a book written by Paul Haggis.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned that team
Did you know that they won the Super Bowl this year?
I know very little about tennis, I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer too.
Sure! Do you like movies directed by Chris Weitz or the stars in it?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012. She also wrote Where are You and Breakable.
It's a drama written by Tammara Webber. Do you like dramas? She also wrote Where You Are.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are and Where You Are.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Great. Have a nice day!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Steven Soderbergh.
He has been in The Wonderful Spider-Man, The Secret Agent, and The Wonderful Spider-Man. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
V for Vendetta was released in V for Vendetta in 2003. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a book that was released in 1847.
It's a book in the genre of speculative fiction and science fiction. It's part of a trilogy.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
The Eye of the World is a novel written by Robert Jordan and Stephen King. It is a fiction novel. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Rules of attraction is in the Speculative genre
You might like Wildwood Dancing and When the Wind Blows. They are both great books
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote The Grapes of Wrath which is a young adult fiction.
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel.
No problem
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, and Oliver Twist.
That's a good one. It's more of a fiction/fantasy type of work.
Yes, it is. It's a Speculative fiction.
I haven't seen that one but will have to check it out
Great thanks.
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
That is correct! He was also in The Longest Yard.
Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, and Adam Sandler - just to name a few.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It falls under the genre of speculative fiction.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them stars JK Rowlings. It's a Fantasy Fiction that was released in 2001.
Yes. The book is a film in the Harry Potter series. Would you like to find it for you?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/romance.
Have you seen State of the Union? It is a Crime drama.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him either. I am more of an American Football fan. What sport do you like?
Did you know he also played for the Spain national football team?
Another Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers.
It was released in 2004. Todd Phillips also wrote Old School which is a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen starred in this movie. Do you like his movies?
Midnight in Paris is a thriller.
I like murder mystery as well. Do you want to watch any other genres?
I don't have that, but it is a mystery film.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is written by Stephen King. Would you like to see the next book in the series?
Persuasion was originally published in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure if Lindsay Sloane is a star in Horrible Bosses.
That's correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a great tennis player. He played in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
I watch a lot, I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
I have never watched a match, but I heard it was very entertaining, have you ever seen a game in person?
I have Inkheart and Tintentod.
The Sneetches and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo are two other good family novels
I haven't read any of her books. Are you familiar with her?
Gary Paulsen wrote Stargirls & I Heart Huckabees, have you read that?
The River is a drama and Hatchet is a suspense novel. Would you like to read it?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale star in that movie. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Richard LaMarr produced it.
Did you like the Untouchables because it was written by Tony Gilroy or because it stars Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you might also like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels.
No problem. Enjoy
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Crime Fiction movie
Isn't he a forward for the Manchester United F.C?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, have you read it?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
No problem
He is an athlete who plays for the Argentina national football team.
No I didn't know that. Are you familiar with the Argentina national football team?
Bojan Krkic is a Midfielder.
I didn't know he was a midfielder as well.
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss also wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel with a little history in the making
You're welcome
It is written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Selection Stories is a film. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which was released in 2014.
Kiera Cass also wrote, directed, and produced The Guard.
Kiera Cass also produced The Guard.
His genre is music. Do you like music?
Sure, do you like Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network. Have you seen it?
It came out in 2014. It's considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
The one written by Robert Louis Stevenson? I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
Treasure Island is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, you may like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I haven't seen that movie, but I know it was written by Nicholas Sparks
Danny Aiello also wrote and directed the eXistenZ, have you seen that?
Yes, he is in that movie.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, it is a story about a race horse.
Great! Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit, it is a story about a race horse.
I am not sure. Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a thriller?
Aladdin also stars Bruce Willis, Tom Hanks, and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like any other Disney films?
The Lion King was released in 2010. It has genres Fantasy, Adventure, and Children's Literature.
You're welcome.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not
Hemingway also wrote A Farewell to Arms and Other Stories which are popular.
The Old Man and the Sea was released 1929.
You're welcome!
OK. Have a great day!
Isn't he a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints?
Well, he was drafted to the New York Giants back in the year 2003. Do you have a favorite team?
Yeah I like him too. Who is he?
Yes, I also like Young Buck. what about you?
I know it was written by Maurice Sendak, who also wrote White Oleander.
I don't have any information on that, but I can find it for you. Can I help you with anything else?
It's a Western film based on the true story of white Oleander.
Sure! A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1950. It is a drama genre.
That is a great book! Did you know that The Weight of Glory was released in 1950?
I will send that right now.
Sure, he's an actor who starred in The A-Team. Would you like to know more about that movie?
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of the NY Rangers?
Oh no, I haven't. Who else do you like to watch?
Oh nice, that is a great sport to watch, thank you for the recommendation
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil and Sons Savannah is a 1997 book.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
John Savage directed it. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which was a mini-series.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense novel.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good footballer who plays as a forward for FC Bayern Munich II.
Did you know Weilheim Oberbayern was born in Germany?
Thanks for letting me know!
I agree with him. I think he's better than his other players.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Rango is a western film starring Denzel Washington. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan.
The genre is Thriller
Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight which is a drama film
Memento stars Farrah Fawcett, Michael Caine, Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in The Tenth Circle with Christopher Nolan
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is a fantasy novel. Would you like to check it out?
Yes, Voyager is a great one. Other titles in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and The Magician's Nephew.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Are you interested in any other books by her?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome.
I know it released in 2014, the same year Winslet was released.
I don't have that information, but The Holiday was released in 2005.
It is a science fiction/adventure film.
yes Sarah Parish also stars in The Wedding which is a romance film.
yes Kate Winslet also starred in The Wedding which is a Romance film
WALLE is a screenwriter for the movie WALLE.
Sure- X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Sure- it's a sci-fi film starring Hugh Jackman and Kate Winslet.
Yes! State of the Union is a great sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure if it's a good choice but it's written by Brett Ratner and stars Hugh Jackman, Michelle Pfeiffer and Tom Hanks.
That was released in 2010.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Other books similar to Will Grayson include What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day and What Happens in Vegas.
Sure, some other books you might like include What the Night Knows and A Prayer for the Dying.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it's a children's literature. It's considered children's literature and children's literature.
It is written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I know it stars Ocean's Twelve.
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Excellent! I hope you enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national football team
I'm more of a football fan. I used to play for the Borussia Dortmund team. How about you?
SC Freiburg is a great team. Is there anything else I can help with?
He is an actor who starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child. Have you read it?
Parts One is a fiction/fantasy novel. It was released in 1995.
Yes, he is a movie actor in the movie The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan and the China Dolls was published in 2005
I'm sorry I don't know about that. I can tell you about Snow Flower and the Secret Fan
Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Dead Poets Society.
It stars Hugh Jackman and it is a Horror film. Do you like Horror movies?
It is a book written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Steig Larsson also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/fantasy/fantasy book that was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
He is an actor who starred in Wicked. I love that movie.
Wicked is a Thriller and was released in 2003.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Oh, I love that movie! It's a classic! I think I've read it and I loved it. I recommend it!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
He's a good basketball player. Do you like Michael Jordan as a point guard?
Yeah, my kids love Ghostbusters. What genre are you looking for?
Yes, he did. That's a great movie for kids.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious. Vin Diesel also stars in The Fast and the Furious
Yes, he has been in A Man Apart. He was also in Fast and Furious.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent
He wrote What Lies Beneath and was influenced by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Yes he did, he is a great actor
I will have to add it to your watch list. Thanks for the information.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I've only seen a few games. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
I do like action thrillers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not read it. I know it was written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun.
I think it was a pretty good one! Circling the Sun was published in 2013 by John Green, it was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Jack Nance starred in Drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell.
The Fault in Our Stars is a drama.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Terry George
Yes, it was written by Mandela. She also wrote Lord of War
No I don't know that. I do know that it was written by John Grisham and was released in 1994.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Would you like to know more of her books?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year Zoolander was released
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. what else can i do for you?
OK. Have you seen Twins of Evil? He also starred in The Croods and The Cuckoo's Calling.
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Nutty Professor. Have you seen either of these?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Are you a fan of that genre?
Tom Wilkinson wrote it. He's a very talented person!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
It is a war film, Yaphet Kotto is a war film.
XXX is a sci-fi movie starring Vin Diesel also starred in The Running Man
You are welcome, goodbye.
I know that Hush Hush is a movie staring Matt Damon and Jamie Lee Curtis. Do you like Cricket?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence of the Lambs, which is a Young Adult novel.
Crescendo was released in 2012 and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir.
The Glass Castle is a book written by Jeannette Walls
It is a mystery book released in 2005
Your Welcome
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes, you're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can't remember if he was in it, but if you're a fan of Hugh Jackman, I'm going to recommend Escape from L.A.., I'm sorry.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, the power, the magic
I do not have any information on similar authors but I can tell you that The Secret was adapted into a film which was adapted into a documentary film.
He also wrote a book called The Secret which was released in 1995.
He starred in Ratatouille, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Quick and the Dead
It was released in 2007, it is a romance/fantasy film that was released in 2011. Would you like to give it a try?
I don't have any information on that, but I do know it was written by George R.R. Martin and is a cartoon.
No problem!
Is it the book written by Spike Jonze?
The BFG is a family friendly film. Have you seen it?
I think you'll love it!
Still Alice is written by Frank McCourt
I haven't seen that one. I've heard good things about it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
That is correct. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote The Incredibles. It's a great book. Have you read it?
Yes, it adapted into a film and the Curious Case of the Red House which was released in 1985.
Yes he did and it was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with him?
You're welcome.
He wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there anything else I can help with?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I don't know about that, but Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper which is a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a book by Mickey Knox titled Once Upon a Time in America is based on a book by Mickey Knox. Would you like to hear about other crime fiction movies?
Veronica Cartwler is one of the stars.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he's an athlete. I know he's in the speculative fiction genre. I haven't heard of that. Are you a fan?
It was released in 2003
Bill Murray was in it. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and John Lee Norris. It is a war film.
I'm sorry. I don't have any more information on the movie. I can tell you that The Blind Side is starring Michael Lewis.
Yes! Money Ball is a comedy drama directed by Steven Spielberg. Michael Lewis also directed The Blind Side.
City of Bones is a young adult fiction written by Cassandra Clare. Have you read it?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and City of Glass. Would you like more books written by her?
Sure, The Shadowhunter's Codex is the first novel in the Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare. It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Alfonso Cuaron directed What's the Worst That Could Happen in Vegas. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also directed Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Yes, it's a great movie. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know it was written by C.S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Titan's Curse and The Abolition of Man.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon.
I'm not a huge fan of football, but I do know that he is the current coach of the Beatles is John Lennon.
I didn't know he played for the Liverpool, but I know he is a great player.
Oh i didn't know that. I love the song Yellow Submarine written by John Lennon. I just love the song Yellow Submarine.
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a novel released in 1953. It is a fiction novel.
Sure, downloading now!
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. Some of her songs include Yes Man and I Am Number Four
That's a good one. Did you know Rihanna has a a rom-com?
It is a great adventure film.
He starred in The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The World According to Garp, The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
It's a romantic comedy. It also stars Nathan Lane, who is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy them!
Mockingjay is an author who wrote a book called Gregor and the Mark of Athena.
I have When the Wind Blows, When the Wind Blows, and When the Wind Blows. They are all great books.
Yes she did.
Yes, he is a very talented person. He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. William Devane is also in that film.
No, Elizabeth is a version of Elizabeth. Jonathan Daton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
I am not familiar with Fanny, but I know she starred in Happy Gilmore. Great movie.
You're welcome.
It is written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great book. Have you read it?
The Wedding is also a film written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it is a drama novel. It was released in 1994.
Sure. Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a fiction. Have you read it?
Lana Wachowski directed and produced The Matrix.
I'm not sure but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions
I'm not sure but I know he starred in The Man of Steel.
I'm not sure but I know she starred in The Manchurian Candidate as well.
Charlize Theron directed Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. Simon West directed The Mechanic.
He hasn't seen the last one, but The Mechanic is another great one.
Enjoy!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
No I haven't. Is that a book or movie?
Sure, Emmerich also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
I'm not sure, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
I don't have that information, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You're welcome.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I didn't love that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i have never heard of him. who is he?
I think he is a good coach. did you know Roethlisberger was born in Pittsburgh?
I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this spring
I'm not a huge fan of him but I do know he was married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2
It's a romantic comedy that also falls into the category of Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't know who else stars in it.
She's a very talented singer. I love her song Calling You Baby. Do you have a favorite by her?
American Idol is a great movie. Did you know Clay Aiken is friends with Chris Monkey?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Tyra Banks is the host. I love her.
I didn't know she was a doll that came out in the day but I still love her.
Sure, Joseph Sikora also wrote The Pursuit of Happyness which is a drama.
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie to The Watcher, which is a drama.
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio starred in the a romance film, The Conjuring.
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
Would you be interested in books in poetry poetry? Or would that interest you?
You're welcome.
Station Eleven is a fiction novel written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. Are you a fan of hers?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
It is a fiction genre
The Bluest Eye is a fiction novel
Enter's Game was written by Terry Gilliam
You are welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Other films in this genre include The Baader Meinhof Complex
There are several people who starred in Downfall: Wes Craven, Jake Gyllenhaal, Scott Bakula
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family film.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Are you a fan of animated movies?
Andrew Stanton was the producer for Toy Story 3 and Andrew Stanton also wrote the movie.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read it?
The Crucible is a tragedy written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
"The Curse of the Black Pearl" is a drama. It's also a play written by Harald Kloser.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in a Romantic Comedy called Playing For Keeps.
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 1999.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I haven't. I know it was written by Martin McDonagh
It also stars Anne Hathaway and Tom Skerritt. It was released in 1994.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
I think he's a great actor. He also directed the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard it's great. Chris Weitz also directed it!
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Messenger which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Yes I would. The Nightingale is a great book written by Charles Dickens.
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale which is a Fiction Novel. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is written by Joss Whedon, and it is in the genres of speculative fiction
I think he's a good tennis player but I don't know much about him.
It stars Expendables 2 and stars Zoey Deutch and Jason Statham.
You're welcome.
I do! I love Die Hard with a Vengeance, it was written by Bruce Willis and starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you read that one?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Tony Gilroy and it is a Drama movie. Do you like Drama movies?
That is correct. Did you know Theodore Lesieg also wrote a version of The Lorax?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg.
You're welcome!
It is a drama that was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
She is also in The Longest Ride along with Martha Stewart and Kate Benoist.
It is a film starring Tom Hanks and Judy Greer.
Yes it is a Romance movie as well as The Longest Ride.
No I haven't seen Faster. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I would highly recommend the Los Angeles Lakers. Do you have a favorite team?
Well, it was a lot of fun to watch. My favorite team is the Lakers. I think LeBron James was a great player as well.
That's amazing. They have a lot of great players like LeBron James and Mark Wahlberg.
Larissa wrote аска и овести, арамаовести, арамаовести, арамаовести, арамаовести, арамаовести, арамаов, and арамаовести.
I don't have that information but i do know that she wrote рат арамаовести.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you a fan of romance novels?
Then I would recommend What's Your Number? or What's Your Number?
Yes, it's written by the same author.
I hope you enjoy it!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
I don't know too much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know that Rozelle is the head coach for the Seattle Seahawks.
Wow! I didn't know that. I know he died in a brain tumor. He was a brain tumor.
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling. It is a great book. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read either of those?
It is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in any of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I like Thomas Lennon. He starred in The Pacifier, which is a really good film.
Yes it is! Reno Lennon was also in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is also a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure. Little House on the Prairie is written by James Patterson. Would you like more books by him?
Little House on the Prairie is a book in the series Little House on the Prairie
Little House on the Prairie is a House on the Prairie is a Children's Literature book similar to Little House on the Prairie
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I did not know that. Did you know she also starred in Scarface?
That's not very true. Yetunde Price actually lost a match to my sister Serena Williams though.
I know it was written by Dan Brown and was released in 1997. Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
Yes, Tom Hanks also wrote Larry Crowne which is a thriller.
That is correct. Tom Hanks also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
There is The Da Vinci Code which was produced by Dan Brown as well.
Great Expectations if you like Supremacy.
Great!
I do! X-Men: Wolverine is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a thriller.
Sure, you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or Wolverine.
Yes, I like that movie! Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a fiction
I don't have that information. However he was influenced by Thomas Hardy
Ricky Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of these?
A book similar to Gareth Stedman Jones is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, it is a great movie.
Thomas Lennon also starred in Paper Towns. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes, I agree. I think you will enjoy it.
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Okay, then you might like What's the Worst That Could Happen? or Swept away.
Yes, the Untouchables was written by John Grisham and was released in 2010.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you know that the Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Okay, I'll have to check that out.
Yes, they are a K-pop boy band from Seoul that sings pop music
Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintentod.
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are both fantasy movies.
You are welcome.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it stars Jennifer Grey, Adam Levine or because it is a comedy?
It is a comedy/drama that was released in 2004
You are welcome.
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Fiction and Fiction. Would you like to know about other books in that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an actor who starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Do you know if Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an actor?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was published in 1997.
You are welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl who also wrote Lord of the Flies
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature written by Blake. Blake also wrote The Twilight Series which is a series.
Yes, he also wrote The Twitts, which is a very popular book.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes it is a soccer team. Are you a fan of soccer?
I have not read any of his work, but I know he wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes.
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, Stan Lee wrote The Incredible Hulk and also starred in Valkyrie.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and he starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
Howls Moving Castle is starring Christian Bale and Kate Winslet
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Favreau. Have you seen it?
He directed The Wolfman. Have you seen that one?
Great! Joe Johnston also directed There's a Wocket in My Pocket which is a western film.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you enjoy it!
Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects. Have you read it?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places and Dark Places.
Yes, it was directed by Gillian Flynn.
I believe it was in the year 2013.
It is written by Quentin Tarantino, it is a speculative fiction.
Cold Blood is a drama. It is also a film. Have you seen it?
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Transformers
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a science fiction movie. Stephen Baldwin and James Coburn are in it. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome.
Sure thing! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Fantastic Beasts and the Complete Illustrated Movie companion.
Yes, it's a part of a series. It's part of a series preceded by The Twilight Saga of the Twilight Saga, have you read that?
That's a common misconception, it is the book by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
He Directed Seven Psychopaths
Seven Psychopaths is a Horror/Thriller genre film
No problem
The book is written by Billie Letts, and it is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is based on a novel of the same name written by Richard Yates and is based on a novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about golf, but I know Adam Sandler was in the movie too. Do you like Golf?
I love Julia Bowen! I think she did a great job with the Star Wars!
She starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Shailene Woodley and Liam Neeson were in that. Do you like them?
The Situation has the genre Thriller and Science Fiction
The 5th Wave is a speculative fiction written by Rick Yancey.
Ricky Yancey also wrote The Last Star, which was released in 2016.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series as well.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series as well as The Last Star.
You're welcome.
I think she's fine. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day with Samuel L. Jackson?
I agree. Did you know she was also in Valentine's Day with John Lennon?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Women in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me more about Ryan Reynolds as well?
Ted was a great movie. If you like Ryan Reynolds, you should check out Zombieland.
I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he also starred in Men in Black 3?
I like the most of his music from Maroon 5
He's a very talented singer. I like his music too.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you looking for a sci-fi movie or horror genre?
Nolan Funk starred in Revenge of the Sith
He was in X-Men: First Class
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are similar. anything else i can answer for you?
It was directed by Steven Spielberg, would you like to watch it
Yes he did along with 50 Dates
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a soccer player with the Chilean National Football team. Do you like soccer?
That was released in 1903
It was! It was also released in 1891.
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American filmmaker. He wrote There's Something about Mary. Have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about her. But I know she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
No i don't have any information on what songs he's done but I know he is friends with Clay Aiken
Yea, he is also a lyricist. Do you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, I do. I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I haven't really followed them much so I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I'm not sure who they play, but I do know they're coached by Jim Caldwell
I do! Isaiah Thomas was a great basketball player.
Wow! I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets right?
I haven't heard of this one. I've never heard of it before.
It was written by Shakespeare. Have you read any of his works?
It was released in 1626
Great glad I could help
She is a Romanian tennis player. She is a Romanian professional tennis player.
I do not know women's tennis but I do know that Serena Williams does star in a film adaptation.
Maria Sharapova has been in quite a few matches. Did she lose to Roger Federer?
I'm not a huge NFL fan but I do know that they're coached by Jim Caldwell.
He did coach the Detroit Lions and he was the runner ups in Super Bowl II.
I believe it was the year it was the runner ups for Super Bowl XL
Yes, I love her! She wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
That book was published in 1886. Would you like to know the name of the books?
That was also the year that The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released.
If you like psychological thrillers, I would recommend The Sneetches and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Twilight Eyes stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Stephenie Meyer.
Sure, ordering it now.
There is a movie called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone that was adapted into a film starring Tom Cruise.
He also wrote the sequel Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese, which was released in 1981.
Who Moved My Cheese is a Non-fiction book released in 1981.
No problem!
Well I'm not sure who wrote Fountainhead. Would you like to know more about the novel?
She did write We the Living. Was that something you'd like to know?
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You may want to check out Dracula. It is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a horror novel.
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear about other horror books by him?
He also worked on the Titan's Curse which was released in 1984
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is written by Harper Lee or because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 2015
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino and Marlon Brando
I have not seen it, I know it stars Hugh Jackman and was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, I like that one. I think you'd love it!
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he was also in The Godfather.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at hand but I can tell you that Michael Byrne also starred in The Spirit
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure, but I know it is in the English language.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you prefer action films?
Lionheart is a comedy and drama film directed by Joel Coen starring Brian Thompson
Woody Harrelson starred in it. It's a classic!
Harrison Ford also starred in The Princess Diaries which is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Seven Psychopaths starred Steven Spielberg and Jason Statham. It's a great movie!
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological Thriller.
I agree, James Harden is a great shooting guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I watch a lot from time to time. I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
Wilson Chandler was a great guard for the Timberwolves. He's a great shooting guard!
Would you like me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy genre?
Alien is apart of the series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he is! He's a great producer! He's a great producer! He's also produced that film. If you haven't seen that one, you should check it out!
I don't know if he produce anything else, he also produces any great horror films, but he has a lot of great work in that genre as well, if you haven't seen his previous work, he also produced The Pursuit of Happyness which is a very good one!
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
That is a post apocalyptic fiction. Are you into that genre?
Yes, it is released in 2014. Do you like that genre?
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Robert De Niro also starred in Olympus.
Danny Lerner also Produced and directed the popular Clint Eastwood, which is a very good film.
John Cusack is the writer for Olympus. He also wrote the film adaptation of Olympus.
I do, did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It was a good movie. Did you know that Rene Russo was also in it?
I don't know that he has, but I know he is friends with Will Smith.
Sure, do you like books wirtten by J.D. Salinger?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about the book?
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, it is a classic!
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, they both wrote it. The Shadowhunter's Codex was released in 2013.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do know that they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner
The Yankees are currently owned by Steve Steinbrenner
I agree they have a chance to win the World Series. They have a chance to win the World Series.
I am not sure about that. I just know that he was in a relationship with Tiger Woods
I know he was born in Los Angeles, California. I am not familiar with his music either.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, I'm not familiar with that. Is it a science fiction film?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a good movie. Is it a drama written by Richelle Mead?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Steve Kloves has written The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes it is. Did you know she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Thank you
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
Sharp Objects is a Novel.
Yes, Gillian wrote Sharp Objects
No problem
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, have you heard of This Is Spinal Tap?
Heretics of Dune was published in 1980. It is the sequel to The Great Dune series.
Sure, you're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Did you like it because it stars Jada Pinkett Smith or because it was an Action Film?
Then you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Glad I could help!
I sure do! It's a novel written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with him?
Sure. The Marvelous Land of Oz is part of the Wizard of Oz. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine has genre Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It was released in 1996. It is a 2004 American/Canadian Drama genre film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't read it, but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
Yes, I have read At the Water's Edge.
No I haven't heard of that. Is it a romance novel?
I will check it out.
I am always happy to help
OK.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know any other Jamie's work but Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is starring Quentin Tarantino
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She has starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting?
Sean Penn was also in Walk the Line.
She was also in the movie A Bug's Life.
He is. Joseph Heller wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about it. Is that a soccer team?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Nets do you know?
I am more of a Lakers fan. Are the Lakers coached by Mike D'Antoni?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Zodiac was released in 1994.
Robert Downey Jr., Jake Gyllenhaal was the main star.
I'm sorry I don't have anything else on End of Watch.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a good book.
Well there is The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. It is also a series.
It was released in 1961.
Yes! Marion Zimmer Bradley wrote The Mists of Avalon and The Forest House.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in fantasy novels?
It was written by Philip Pullman and is considered a fantasy novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Messenger which is a Comedy.
That movie also stars Bill Murray and Alden Ehrenreich.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes,Jennifer Weiner wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou. It starred Tom Hanks, and was written by George Clooney. Do you like the movie because it is a Romance film?
Sure, he coen wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
He was in the Star Wars series as well as The Making of Star Wars as well.
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
Did you know that it was released in 2005?
Yes it is! It was released in 2009, and is a Romance novel.
I haven't, but I heard he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was adapted into a film. It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Usual Suspects. If you haven't seen those, you should definitely check it out!
Leo dicaprio is an actor similar to Leo DiCaprio.
Mark Wahlberg is best known for starring in The Incredibles.
Sure, he also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl and Revolutionary Road.
I'm not sure what movies they've been in but I know that Leo has been in a lot of movies.
I am not sure, but I can tell you they both starred in the sci-fi genre.
No problem
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by Arthur C. Clarke. Are you a fan of fantasy novels?
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is a Speculative fiction and The Wardrobe is a fantasy.
I know he directed The Cat in the Hat, and District 9, both great movies.
Yes District 9 is a thriller. It's a great movie. District 9 is a thriller and stars Sharlto Copley.
Yes! She was in Shark Night. She was also in Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
She sang Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Are you familiar with those?
I actually don't have that information. I know she was in the Hunger Games which is a really good movie.
No problem!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández also played for Manchester United F.C.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is starring Peter Farrelly.
If you like comedy movies, you should check out There's Something About Mary by Bobby Farrelly. It was released in 2002.
Jim Carrey also starred in that movie as well. Jim Carrey also starred in the romantic comedy That's Myself.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a point guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
Well, he came out in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan of him?
I do, I'm a big fan of the Bulls. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twits, which is a speculative fiction.
He wrote The Twits, which is part of a series. Have you read it?
Yes it is a fantasty. I also recommend the Harry Potter books.
It was released in 1997. Would you like to know who the author is?
No problem!
Will Grayson is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars
He also wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska.
Absolutely! John Green also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska. Have a great day!
The Firm is a movie with John Grisham as well as John Grisham. Are you familiar with those?
The Firm is a legal thriller and The Last Juror is a legal thriller.
You're welcome.
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, it was actually released in 1956. That's the same year The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released.
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know about other books released that year?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987.
He also wrote a book called A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All of which are great movies!
That's a great one! Robert Redford also stars in The Hunt for Redford. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in that. Did you know she was also in The Hunt for Red October?
Shock is an action/adventure film and North is a western film.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
It's a novel written in 2008. It's genre is Children's Literature and was released in 2008.
Yes it was! It was also released in 2008.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her! She is very talented. She is very talented.
I don't know that, but I do know that she is very talented
Yes, it is a Woman and a Woman is a Woman. She has a lot of celebrity friends as well.
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, it is still a good movie, do you like comedies?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire. If you like Leslie Dixon, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a thriller that was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like thrillers?
Yup, he also starred in that movie with Sean Penn. Do you know him?
Sure, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It is also a thriller
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
The book was originally written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Tom Hanks, Christopher Bigsby, and Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible, have you seen it?
The Crucible has genre tragedy and was directed by Christopher Bigsby who also directed The Crucible.
Yes it is a tragedy movie. It was written by William Shakespeare
You're welcome.
I think he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks but I don't know much about him.
I don't know too much about him other than he's an athlete. Is he a point guard?
There are a few basketball teams in the NBA, including Hoosiers, Firehouses, and the San Francisco 49ers.
He plays point guard.
Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer for Star Wars. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a drama genre
your welcome
it was released in 2011
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about movies with him in it?
Sure, have you read The Matrix Revisited or The Matrix Revisited?
He wrote V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant, he is a great actor.
It is a Science Fiction/Action film, starring Naomi Watts.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans. Have you read either of these?
The Light Between Oceans is a fiction novel. Are you interested in fiction?
I am not sure who starred in that movie. I do know that he also directed The Light Between Oceans.
You're welcome.
Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in the movie Andy Tennant, which is a comedy.
Fool's Gold also starred Katherine Heigl, David Scalzi, and Chris Weitz.
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie along with Josh McConaughey.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stephen Dubner wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i answer for you?
I dont have information about the author Stephen Dubner, but he has written The Apostle and The Apostle
You are welcome
Yes I do. Did you know that Robert De Niro starred in that movie?
Taxi Driver is a thriller. Would you like to watch that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Luis Alberto Suárez, but I do know that he is an athlete who plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, he did. Liverpool is a great team. Do you like soccer?
I agree he is very good. Do you know who he is?
Tom Brady is a great quarterback and Tom Brady is the owner of the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
Prince is a young-adult fiction by J.K. Rowling. Do you like young-adult fiction?
That is correct. J.K. Rowling is the main author.
Total recall that one was a part of the Harry Potter series. The Deathly Hallows was a very successful book.
I sure do! O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Steinbeck, and it is a comedy. Have you seen it?
The movie is based on the true story of O Brother, Where Art Thou, which was released in 1969.
No problem. What else can I answer for you?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a paranormal romance novel. Would you like to read it?
That is a good one, it is a Historical novel.
It was released in 1945. It's about a man and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life, and his life is he's a very ugly guy. The he is a very good man, if you're a zombie, he is a very evil guy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Shining and The Fountain. Have you seen either of these?
Ponyo stars in it. It's a western film.
I do not have that information. I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Time Bandits.
No problem!
I don't know too much about it, I don't know a lot about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not really sure about that. I do know he was a professional table tennis player as well.
2004 was the year the Olympics was the year that the London Olympics was released.
Did you know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII?
I am not a huge fan but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
I do not know if they are a good team but I do know the Rangers are a professional American football team based in Texas, Texas.
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. Are you a soccer fan?
I'm a huge Packer fan. Do you have a favorite team?
Horse and His Boy is not a fiction but it was written by Terry Gilliam.
That's a good one. They're 6th grade is in the Children's literature genre.
You're welcome
I'm not sure if she's the author but I know it was released in 2005.
Did you know she also starred in How the Grinch Stole Christmas?
Yes, I think you'd enjoy it. She also wrote In Her Shoes, which is a comedy.
Thank you.
She's a great writer. I hope you have a great day!
You're welcome.
Yes, Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and Dean Koontz
You're correct. It's also a sequel to Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in the series Odd Thomas in Odd Thomas also wrote the books in the genre is based on
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a very good book.
She wrote many books including Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice is a novel that was released in 1838.
Certainly, the main character is Sense and Sensibility, as well as Emma and Persuasion in a blockbuster film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like him as an actor?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars, which stars Leonardo DiCaprio
Yes, it was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of her work?
You may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Me, too! She starred in The Proposal, which is a great film.
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal?
The Proposal has genre Romance
You are welcome!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Have you read either of those?
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Speculative fiction and fiction.
I do! I would recommend They Do it with Mirrors with Mirrors with Mirrors with Mirrors with Mirrors. It's a great read!
I love her! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure. But I know it was written by John Grisham. It was released in 2011.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. Mirnanda Richardson is a great actress.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. Have you seen it yet?
It is a thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
He also directed the thriller X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has genre Science Fiction. Are you a fan of sci-fi or adventure films?
It's a Romance film. Eric Darnell also produced It's a Funny Story.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Stand, The War of the Worlds, and many more. Have you seen any of those ?
Well, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film starring Roman Coppola. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead is a sci-fi film starring Rosario Dawson.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I do! Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I don't know him. Is he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I am not sure but I know he is drafted to the New Orleans Pelicans
Sure! A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote The Great Divorce and The Magician's Nephew. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is a professional athlete who plays tennis
I don't have information on that, but I know he is from London.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree that he does a great job with the tennis field. I hope it helps!
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal
Yes I am. Did you know Walt Whitman is the program creator for Fast Food Nation?
It is considered children's literature. Another good children's literature book is Stir of Echoes. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also directed The Skulls with Hill Harper
Yes, he is in both of them. Paul Walker also starred in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I don't have that information, but he passed away in 2011
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show. what else can i answer for you?
It's a Comedy. It stars Jim Carrey and Julia Roberts.
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
I have heard of him. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote The Black Stallion and I highly recommend it.
I Still Dream About You was released in 2011, it is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a woman and her life after graduation.
I am sorry I do not have information on that
You're welcome
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is a great animated movie!
Oh, I haven't heard much about it. Is there anything else I can help you with? Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information right now but I know that it is a movie with Tom Hanks, John Ratzenberger and John Lennon
Memento is a thriller starring Christopher Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good psychological thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but I know it was directed by Christopher Bigsby. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Valley of the Horses of Stone.
The Valley of Horses was released in 1961 and is a Historical novel. Are you a fan of that book?
Yes, he did. It's the same year The Clan of the Cave Bear was released.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young adult fiction novel. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Rick Riordan wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse, which is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, he did. Did you know The Battle of the Labyrinth was released in 1969?
I don't know much about him. I do know he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
I'm not much of a soccer fan either. I just watch soccer from time to time.
I believe he's a forward but I don't know much about him either.
yes i love Alex Morgan. who is your fav player
oh ok i didnt know that. Are you a soccer fan?
That's a great movie! Thanks for reminding me about Rudy.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
I'm not sure about that, but Pretty Little Liars is considered a drama as well as children's literature. Pretty Little Liars was made into a film as well as The Tipping Point.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Charles Dickens.
Yes that is a great movie I love The Family Man. Have you seen it?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romantic Comedy starring Kate Walsh. Would you like to watch this movie?
Sure, adding now
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck, what else can i do for you?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Historical fiction is a novel by Lynda Obst adapted into a film starring Katherine Neville it was released in 2004.
Chelsea is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Chelsea in the Premiere League.
Ok, they call it football in London as well. I'm not sure if it's the team. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm not sure. I know they play in the Premiere League in London.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it was released in Radiance too.
Yes they were both released in 2008
Great, hope you enjoy!
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I don't know, but David Fincher also starred in Zero Dark Thirty which is a Crime Thriller. Have you seen that one?
OK, then I would also recommend X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen either of these?
X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Lawrence, and Jamie Lee Curtis to name a few.
Yes it is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman and was released in 2011.
I don't know about any super hero thrillers, but I've heard good things about it.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do, a couple of my favorite movies by him would be The Burning Plains. Have you seen it?
I think you will enjoy them, both of them are awesome!
Glad to help!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was adapted into a film starring Stephen King.
You are welcome.
You are welcome
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear other books by Sparks?
The Notebook is a good one written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read that one?
The Wedding was adapted into a film that was directed by David Sparks. It's a highly reccomended movie.
Yes, Zane Grey is a writer and a screenwriter for the movie The Wedding.
Can I help you with anything else?
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies?
Mastering the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of Paris is a book by Leonardo DiCaprio and it was released in 1843.
Great! You are welcome.
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Then you might like The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's a very good one.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ, Warcraft and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
Yes it is. Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote рилаение на кан
It was written by George R.R. Martin and is a Speculative fiction.
You might also enjoy the book When the Wind Blows by Neil Gaiman
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She also wrote Dark Places.
The Scar is a fictional novel by Charles Dickens and was released in 1843.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He directed The Theory of Everything. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The King is a drama film directed by Neal Stephenson.
Total Recall is a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
I don't have that information but I can tell you he also wrote The Good Thief.
Ronny Cox also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Vanishing Acts is a novel. Would you like to read the book or see the movie?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2009. It was made into a movie in 2017. Have you seen it?
Brave is a Thriller. If you like Thrillers, you should check out Brave.
The Avengers is also a good one, also by the way.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a soccer player who plays for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know too much about soccer but I do know that Dan Marino is from Rio de Janeiro
Yes Luis a midfielder on that team
Yes, he wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Yes, if you like drama, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you read that?
It's a drama. Harry Sherrill and Anne Hathaway also star in it.
I'll add that now.
I know he is an athlete, plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians and plays for the Mumbai Indians
Do you know anything about cricket?
Wow! I didn't know that. It's pretty cool. Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake and If you Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes it was. It was actually released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it!
It was published in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I haven't heard of her. Is she a tennis player?
I'm sorry, I don't have the copy in German. However, Simone Elkeles wrote a book in German.
I agree. Perfect Chemistry was also written by Persuasion.
Harold Ramis is best known for starring in Stripes. Would you like to hear about other movies he's written?
Since you like Harold Ramis, you should check out Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Groundhog Day is a comedy genre
Yes. Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson. It is a speculative fiction.
I don't have any information on other books similar to Wither, but I can tell you that it was released in 2011.
Sure! She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, which is a very popular novel.
Hello yes I think he wrote The Night Circus which is a fantasy novel.
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks
Yes, it was also written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear other books by him?
Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer and The Wedding. It is also a book called True Believer.
It is a Crime Fiction genre. It was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
Tom Brady is one of the best cowboys in the world. Did you know he was born in 1946?
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the NFL. Did you know they were founded by George Halas McCaskey?
Yeah, they're a great team. Did you know they were both in the National Football League?
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I agree, Danny Boyle also also starred in Knocked Up. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Go set a watchman is a similar book
Yes it is written by the same author.
You're welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know too much about Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians
Yes, I have heard of Venus and Serena Williams, but I don't know much about Venus.
I love him! He is friends with Maroon 5 stars. Do you like him?
Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
Some of the others on that label are Quidditch Through the Ages
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
Kick-Ass is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kick-Ass was directed by Andrew Niccol.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Nicolas Cage is a comedy.
He is the first film in the Lord of War.
Your welcome.
Yes, he is a very talented artist! He wrote The Recipe have you heard that?
I haven't heard of him. Is he a good writer?
That's a good question, I don't know that one. I know he is from Zakira, California.
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Would you like to watch that ?
Great! If you haven't seen she's in X-Men, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
Its a classic! Its a romance starring Gerard Butler and Craig Ferguson. It was released in 1994.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I have not seen Gangs of New York yet, but I know it was written by Steven Zaillian
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
It also stars Virginia Madsen and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome
The Great Gathering Storm is the next in the series and is written by J.R.R Tolkien
The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass are also books in the same genre.
Great choice! Fiction in the genre is The Vow and The Importance of Being Earnest.
OK. Have a nice day.
Sure thing! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain. It is also a children's literature and was released in 1938.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento, have you read that one?
I am sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you La sombra del viento was released in 1946.
Oh great! I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy!
I know she is an actress who was born in Pittsburgh, Connecticut. She is quite talented.
It was released April 26, 1986. Do you know that she is an actress too?
The Muppets is a comedy-drama produced by Terry Gilliam
The Muppets was directed by Ernest Hemingway and released in 1981
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're coached by Jim Caldwell. Do you like Football?
I like Lamar Jackson, he is a great quarterback. What about you?
Did you know that he won the PEN/Faulkner Award?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction. Would you like to hear about more books by this author?
Sure, Vampire Academy was also written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was directed by Richelle Mead.
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is also a Young-Adult Fiction.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you familiar with that author?
Lois Lowry wrote; Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Golden Compass. Are you interested in any of these?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Giver is a novel by Lois Lowry.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible.
Then you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you read that?
Moonrise Kingdom was written by Wes Craven. He also directed The Grand Budapest Hotel
He wrote The Plains of Passage and The Island of the Blue Dolphins
It is starring Reese Witherspoon as well as Eddie Murphy. It is a romance film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love it! It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It was released in 1994. Roger Avary also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
He's also been in The Patriot. It's a very good movie.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1994.
I love her! She starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that movie?
She starred in the classics Bend It Like Beckham its a very good movie
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! I love her song, Marry the Night! Are you a fan of her?
That's a great song. I really like dance music in general, too.
I'm not sure what it is, but I know she was in Valentine's Day which is a very popular song
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was published in 1977 and The First Man in Rome was published in 1977.
The House Rules is a great one.
Alison Doody has been in A prayer for the Dying and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen any of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1988. Would you like to watch it?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was directed by Philip Kaufman
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a good one.
Have you read the entire Harry Potter series?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. I'm not sure.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
Yes, The Muse is a great movie! Did you know that Olivia Wilde also starred in The Muse?
I do! The only one I know of is The Muse is starring Joe Pesci. It is a Comedy/drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I love that movie with Steve Carell, it is a great movie! Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Steve Carell also stars in the movie The World's End and Monsters Inc. Have you seen them?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is in that film. I hope you enjoy it!
Wilson Rawls wrote a series of books. A couple of them you might like are A Walk to Remember and The Titan's Curse. Have you read those?
Susan Meissner wrote a novel called Into the Wild that was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you a fan of that genre?
I'm not seeing any other people who starred in that movie, but Will Smith starred alongside Jeff Goldblum in The Pursuit of Happyness.
I hope you enjoy it.
That's a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl this year?
Tom Brady and Patriots also lost Super Bowl XXXXV.
I've never seen his wife, Gisele before.
He wrote Yellow Submarine.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you he is very talented. He's also a composer and a musician.
Ant-Man was written by Stan Lee. It is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
No I haven't heard of those yet, but I do know Bad Boys is a comedy.
Ok. Some other great comic book titles include X-Men, X-Men, X-Men, X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was a movie that was released in 2004. It's a war film.
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that Pearl Harbor was a movie with a movie similar to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I love Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone! It was written by Chris Columbus, starring Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a really good basketball player but I'm not a big fan of his. Who's your favorite team?
Oh, I didn't know that. Is he a good player?
It does! It's a basketball movie, starring Steve James, Steve Ballmer, and James D'Antoni.
Space Jam was a good movie, I loved Hoosiers in it!
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
The team is coached by John Fox currently, are you a fan?
Yes, it is a Packer's coach.
I like Basketball a lot, but my favorite is the Broncos
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
The Apostle is a drama film. Aside from Robert Duvall, he also starred in The Apostle. It's a great movie!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know that he is married to Shaun White. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes he did, he used to have played those as well. Do you know any other info on him?
I don't know what else he's in, but I know he was also in Friends with Benefits.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more recommendations based on this genre?
Philip K. Dick also wrote The Island and the X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of these?
Russell Crowe is the main star. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints?
Yes, he is a wide receiver for the Saints. Do you have a favorite team?
I haven't seen that one, I know he also stars in The Christmas Blessing.
I know that it is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure. I know it was released in 2013
She also wrote the Shadowhunter's Codex
You're welcome
Would you like recommendations for books similar to Divergent?
It's young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The very hungry caterpillar is written by Stieg Larsson, who also wrote The very hungry caterpillar.
Yes, he also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar and The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
One of my absolute favorites is The Girl with a Pearle Earring
Yes. It was written by Alan Tiegreen as well.
Yes. The Notebook is a good one. It's a very good one.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Winslet.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't really know much but I know they won the Super Bowl this year
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers
Yes, she starred in The Swan Thieves
The Historian has genre Horror. The Scarlett Johansson also wrote The Swan Thieves.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome.
That's a great book. A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Oh that's a great children's literature. Winnie-the-Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. Would you like to read it?
Yup, it was. It was the next in that series as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
My favorite player is Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
I'm not really sure. But I know he's won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I think the Greek Freak was a good team as well as the Dallas Cowboys.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did Wonder Boys was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, Linkin Park is still alive. They both play in the National Football League.
The Road is a post apocalyptic fiction book. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Another science fiction book is Xenocide. Have you read that one?
The book was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote Zoe's Tale.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a scientist and a scientist.
I'm not sure if he does science fiction but he does write a science fiction as well.
You're welcome.
Do you like Tom Hanks because it stars Tom Hanks?
I agree! Did you know Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
That is a drama. Tom Hanks also stars in Cast Away and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
You're welcome!
She's an actress who starred in The White Princess and The Bad Place.
She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
I'm not a big fan of show but I do know that Parks and Recreation is about a satire show. Do you know any other satire shows?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1985.
Yes, it's a satire show too. If you've seen 30 Rock, you should check it out.
I know a little bit about him. Is he a player on the Brazil national football team?
Well, from what I've read, I'm not sure of the name. But I know he's from the United States of America.
Yeah, she was born in Los Angeles in the 1980's. What position does she play?
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends.
I don't know much about her as well. I do know that she is friends with Kesha, though.
Sounds like a great song. Do you know anything about Paul McCartney?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes that's correct. Do you like books written by Beatrice Sparks?
I don't believe so. I do know it was released in 1997.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Ray Bradbury is an American illustrator and writer best known for writing The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, it's genre is short stories. If you like short stories, you should check out The Martian Chronicles.
I'm not sure about that, but Wintersmith was written by Terry Goodkind.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses.
Freakonomics stars Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
I believe he plays soccer
Yes, he plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national team.
Yes she is. Did you know she was born in Bogota?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like titles similar to Total Recall?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Abyss.
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role in the movie as well as Bill Murray and Jason Bateman.
Ella Enchanted is a Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you a fan of that genre?
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Temptation of Chris
William Peter Blatty and Regina King also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse
He was in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of a Man Called Horse
He has also written Madame Bovary, a romance novel.
That book was released in 1856. Would you like to hear about those books?
It was published in 1856.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that it's a speculative fiction.
Yes it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and John Lennon. It is a speculative fiction do you like that genre?
Yes he was. It's a thriller
No I haven't. What genre is that?
Heart of Darkness is a novel written by Joseph Conrad.
The Portable Atheist is a book and The Secret Agent was written by Theroux.
Yes, it is. It's a post-apocalyptic fiction.
He wrote Peter pan
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie is the main author.
It was written in English. Are you interested in any other books by him?
You're welcome!
She wrote The Secret Garden. Have you read it?
Wuthering Heights is a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you familiar with this author?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead.
I am not sure but I know it is in the fantasy genre.
I'm sorry I don't have anything else.
Sure! He is a tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I'm more of a tennis fan. I like Serena better. How about you?
That's amazing! Do you have a favorite team?
I think he's a basketball player. Isn't he a good player?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Is he a good player?
Wow! I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling ?
hmm, I don't have any information on that
you are welcome. There is anything else I can help with?
I did not know that. I do know that The Help is a drama. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Correct! Octavia Spencer won the Academy Award. She is a very talented actress.
Viola Davis has been in Fantastic Beasts and The Help. Those are two of my favorite films.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ninth Warrior, have you read that?
That's right, he also wrote the Pianist. Would you like to watch that one?
Yes, he did! He's a great actor.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes he is. The Great Santini is written by Charles Dickens.
Flannery O'Conroy has written a number of books. Would you like to read either of those?
It's a children's literature.
No problem.
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in lots of things. He's been in The Bourne Ultimatum and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
Absolutely! Robert De Niro also starred in Weird Science, and True Lies.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice is a novel. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her other works include What the Night Knows and Welcome to Temptation
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop. Do you like Crime movies?
He also wrote The Return of the King.
Total Recall was released in 1980. It is a science fiction/fiction genre.
You are welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
I don't know that one. I know it was written by John Lee Hancock and was released in 2010.
Undertow is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy movies?
Patricia Clarkson starred in Undertow as well. She is a great actress.
I don't know that but The Thirteenth Floor is a comedy.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen those?
Well, if you haven't seen the other Hobbit movies, you may want to check out The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring or The Golden Compass.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman
I hope you enjoy it!
Okay.
Tom Cruise directed Collateral. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies. Are you familiar with that one?
The Cider House Rules is a good one. Have you heard of it?
No problem!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more recommendations based on this genre?
Total Recall stars Arnold Swartzzenegger
Sean Harris also starred in the movie I'm not sure.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Bill Neukom and it was released in 2012.
Oh wow, I'm not as familiar with 2014, but they haven't won the World Series.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite team?
Denzel Washington starred in Equalizer. Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer.
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Romance film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yep, he's from China. I'm not sure if he's from China.
Yup, that's correct. He starred in that!
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
A couple of good ones are The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a great book.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a great book. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are the top three.
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
Hunt for Red October is a book written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear about other books by him?
The genre is Romance and Historical fiction. If you like that, you might also like The Return of the Native by Tom Clancy.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which starred Ben Stiller.
Yes, he was in Zoolander. Ben Stiller also directed and wrote Tropic Thunder which stars Ben Stiller.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder which is an animated film.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I like the one one called Crossroads. Did you know that she starred in it?
I think I remember watching her in the Olympics. Are you a fan of hers?
That is a good one! I haven't seen it before, I know it was written by Quentin Tarantino, and it stars him as well.
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
It's a really good book, Catch Me If You Can was released in 2012 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes it is, Steven Spielberg also wrote The Goonies, another funny movie you might like.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, have you see them
The Great Escape came out in 2014. Would you like to know who else was in it?
The Towering Inferno stars Jennifer Garner, Michael Stahl-David, and Charles Dickens. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book
That's a great cult classic! Have you seen any of the other Monty Python films?
Great book, it was released in 1943.
The Writers of Oz is a great movie. the genre is science fiction
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The Adventure Genre is fantasy.
Ok, have a great day!
Yes I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I'm not really familiar with that. Is he a soccer player?
I agree. Louis van Gaal is one of the great players as well.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead in The Fugitive. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, he was in Star Wars. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
Yes, will do.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. what else can i answer for you?
Stephen Chbosky starred in that movie.
Yes she was. She was also in The Spiderman.
I'm not sure if she did. However, Logan Lerman was in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Interview with the Vampire is written by Anne Ricemick and Chris Hemsworth
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I'm more of a Dodgers fan. Are you a Dodgers fan?
That is correct. I haven't heard of that. Are they a good team?
That is correct. Can you remind me who the team is runner ups for Super Bowl this year?
It does. The world series is a lot of fun to watch. The Giants have a chance to win the World Series.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. Are you a fan of romance novels?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in an action film called Treasure Planet.
Yes, Martin Short and Laurie Metcalf starred in Treasure Planet. She also starred in Catwoman, have you seen it?
That one stars Tony Cox and Emilia Fox. They are both in Treasure Planet.
Sure, William Friedkin directed the Hunted. Do you know that one?
It's a thriller. Would you like to watch it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other thrillers listed.
You're welcome.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Fiction book. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance movies?
I don't know, but Pearl S. Buck also wrote The Black Dahlia.
You are welcome.
They're a basketball team in the Western Conference, Southern division, and was founded by Leslie Alexander.
I like Basketball and Football
I do as well I'm a huge fan of tennis
Jonathan Dayton directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a genre of Historical period drama. Jonathan Dayton also directed it.
Alan Arkin has been in many great films. Would you like me to add Alan Arkin to your list?
She is a tennis player. She lost to Sarena Wiliams and Rafael Nadal.
Her current ranking is No. 1 in singles.
You are welcome.
Oliver Oliver Relin has written a lot of short stories, including What's Your Number and The Left Hand of Darkness.
Sure! Ralph Steadman has starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's also a director, producer, and starred in The Simpsons Movie.
I don't have any information on his other works but I can tell you he is most famous for writing Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction.
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
Yes it is Fantasy, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a fantasy novel
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 2001.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're coached by John Fox currently
I haven't heard of that. Is he a good coach?
I agree. He is a free agent. He's also a free agent.
He is a football player. He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree, they're very strong. They're a very strong team.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? He wrote The Long Haul.
Yes it is, it is a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies then you should check it out!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film, written by Francis Ford Coppola. It starred Francis Ford Coppola. Are you familiar with his work?
Mel Gibson also wrote Apocalypto, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
It stars Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
You're welcome!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you like to hear other movies in that genre?
I would recommend The Giver, It's a Novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, Allegiant was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and it was released in 2003. It is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a screenplay by J.K. Rowling. Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
Cool. The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott who is a great actor.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes, Shane Black also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
She's a singer, lyracist, singer, and composer. I don't know much about her. What's your favorite song of her?
I like Shakira more tho, she has a lot of good hits from her like The Muppets, The Wildest Dream, and Johnny Depp. What about you?
Did you know that she starred in the movie Ricky Martin with Tom Hanks?
It was written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote Jojo Moyes.
Me Before You was written by Jean M. Auel.
I have not seen that one, but I know it was written by John Steinbeck and was released in 2002.
I don't know much about her other than she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I agree. I love Venus and her sister Serena, too.
I agree. I would have to agree on that.
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Are you a fan of the team?
Oh yea he is also a good player
Didn't he star in that movie?
I know that he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I do watch football. I like Wayne Routledge who plays for them.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide
The book has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
You should check out The Water is Wide
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
OK, Fear Nothing was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this author?
It is a Speculative Fiction. Similar to The Battle of the Labyrinth are The Titan's Curse and The Dead Zone.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film directed by Sergio Leone.
Well it was directed by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. It's a great movie!
Well, it was originally written by Sergio Leone who also wrote Once Upon a Time in the West
It starred Zak Penn and Sofia Coppola. It is a crime movie. Do you enjoy crime movies?
If you like dramas, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and it is a Thriller.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was actually written by Richard Condon
Tom Hardy stared in both The Revenant and Thick as Thieves so the two might be similar.
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Yes, he is a DJ who composed the music for The Ides of March.
Andy Murray is a professional athlete who is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I like tennis and tennis as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I'm not sure who is the star in that match but I know it was born in Belarus.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The One Plus One and The One Minute Manager. Have you heard of those?
Seven Years to Sin is a Non-fiction genre
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
I don't know what type of song she sings. Is she a singer?
Wow, I didn't know that. Is she a talented singer?
Sia is a big fan of Shakira, I like Sia, too. I like Sia, too, like the song Whenever, Wherever.
She sure did! I haven't heard of Lyricist, but I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
Isn't he the guy who is the captain for the India National Cricket Team?
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is also a boxer?
Yes, he was in that movie, too.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Jurassic Park as well as Emma Thompson
Yes, that is correct. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well! Do you like him?
1989 was the year Field of Dreams was released!
Sure! Do you like Fantasy Films?
I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey with Aidan Turner. It is also a fantasy film.
It was released in 2004. It's a drama/romance.
Yes Kevin Zegers is in that one. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret? was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess
Then I would say Dramas. It is also in the genre of Comedy.
Great! Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a pretty good athlete. He plays cricket and is from India. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a huge fan of cricket, but I do know he plays for the India national team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery/fiction genres. Do you like this genre?
I'm not sure if she wrote Sharp Objects but I know it was released in 2014 & was written in English.
It was released in 2014. That's a great new book to read.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes it is! Mamma Mia also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife which is a musical.
Michael Stahl-David also starred in Warcraft.
You are welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
The Chicago Cubs are owned by Thomas Ricketts and coached by Manny Ramirez.
Since we've been there, I'm a huge fan of the Giants! Who's your favorite team?
I haven't but I heard it's great. I'll have to check it out.
That's awesome! Aaron Rodgers is a great quarterback!
It came out in 1980. That's a great year for sure!
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger
It was released in 1989 which is the same year Wayside School was released
It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not a big golf fan but I know Phil won the 2005 PGA Championship and he's won the 2005 PGA Championship
What sport do you like to watch?
That's a great drama! Kevin Costner was also in Tin Cup. Would you like to see it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
The Time Machine was released in 1980. If you like sci-fi then you might also like Xenocide or Wolverine.
No I haven't seen it yet. Is it the movie written by Harold Ramis who is one of my favorites!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
James Franco is one of the stars in the movie. I think you will enjoy it!
I think he's a pretty good shooting guard, but I don't know much about him.
I think Willie Green is a great guard. He is a great shooting guard.
I'm a Pats fan. I'm glad I was able to help!
I don't know too much about them but I do know that they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by George Halas McCaskey.
I don't know much about the Yankees. I do know that they won the World Series in the American League East division in 2012.
It is a Psychological thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
Joseph Stefano was a great actor and a comedian. Robert Bloch also starred in The Vow if you haven't seen it?
I don't have that information, but Alfred Hitchcock wrote and directed it. But I know he's quite the director.
Is that the team David Beckham used to play for?
Yes he is. Did you know the team is coached by Gary Kubiak?
Did you know they're coached by Lovie Smith?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
He starred in The American Revolution which is a Science Fiction film
Creed is a Science Fiction Film, directed by Steven Spielberg, it also stars Penelope Wilton.
You are welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Would this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a novel that was released in 1985. It's genre is fiction.
You're welcome!
I know he produced the movie The Good Doctor which was released in 2003
I don't have that information, but I know it is directed by Peter Hyams
I don't have that information
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the author is a very good read.
Yes, the genre is Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other examples of that genre.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by H.G Wells, and it has a genre of Historical fiction.
He directed Jurassic World. Have you seen that one?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Cloverfield is a thriller. Colin Trevorrow also directed Jurrasic World, starring Omar Sy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great actor! He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them
I agree! I think Kensy Kensit is a great actor. She also stars in Thick as Thieves.
It is a drama and was released in 1925. It is a drama.
Did you know that he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas, Texas, United States. The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Gary Halas McCaskey.
I am not sure. Did you know Rowdy is the number one in the American Football team?
The Cowboys have four.
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Chris
Other movies in that genre include Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back and The Lord of the Rings
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that.
Yes I do agree.
Yes I do. I like Xenocide.
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
He plays cricket and is from India. Do you play cricket?
I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I agree! I think he's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's great. I've always been a huge fan of it.
I'm a huge fan of Cricket and Football. What about you? Do you like any other players?
You too!
I don't know too much about them except that Leslie Alexander is the owner. Are they a good team?
Looper is a comedy. It is also a drama. Do you like comedies?
Great. Do you like Warlock because it's a thriller?
Yes it is! It's a zombie movie starring Zoey Deutch. Have you seen it?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to see more of his works?
The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald has also written Tender is the Night.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure when it came out, but Arc de Triomphe was influenced by Alexander Skarsgard.
Yes, the original was in English. I've read the book in English since it was written in 2008.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think she's a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis as a midfielder and is also a forward
Yes, the Williams sisters are a great tennis player as well. They play in the NFC East and are in the WTA singles.
I love tennis as well. Do you have a favorite team?
I agree. I love the fashion world as well.
Is that the classic movie written by Tennessee Williams?
In Cat on a Hot Tin Roof it is a drama
I don't have that information
No problem
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a mystery genre. Would you like more books by this author or genre?
In the Woods is part of a series. The next in the series is Nine Stories. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is an author who wrote Vanishing Acts, have you read it?
He has been in lots of films, including The Assassination of Jesse James, The Rules of Attraction, and The Rules of Attraction.
The lead actor is Tim Robbins, Tim Robbins and Harsh Times.
Sure! Christian Bale starred in Harsh Times, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Fast Five
No problem
I do know that they play in the NFL. Are you a football fan?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 3rd in the AFC North.
My husband is a huge fan of the Patriots, but I don't even have a favorite team!
Andrew Garfield wrote The Social Network, which stars Andrew Garfield.
The Social Network is a biographical film
It would be considered a Biographical film.
The Social Network was released in 1994 and the Music Director was directed by Andrew Garfield
2010 is the year the genre for The Social Network was released.
2010 is a film written by Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, I believe Tobey Maguire also starred in The Crazies.
He also wrote The Ice Storm which is a romance film.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
I'm not sure but Inheritance Cycle is a young-adult fiction novel. I believe Inheritance Cycle is a novel.
I hope you enjoy them!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas. She also wrote the Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not sure. But, Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was very good. It was released in 1817.
Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure. But I know that the team was drafted to the India national team.
It's a good book. Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by David Ayer. Would you like to read it?
He directed Seven Psychopaths
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
I'm sorry I don't have information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
He's a great actor. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's one of my favorite movies.
Sure, I'd also watch Wrath of the Titans, which is also a Family movie.
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in it.
I sure will! Enjoy!
Homer wrote The Simpsons and also wrote The Day the Earth Stood Still. Have you read either of those?
The Iliad is a series of epic poetrys. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Odyssey is a classic. It's a very popular poem in the genre.
Do you have a favorite football team?
That's true. Did you know the Giants were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII?
Yes, Russel Wilson is a quarterback for the Ravens. He's a great linebacker!
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
She starred in the X-Men movies as well as in the Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and 2.
Yes Oceans 8 is a comedy/crime movie that stars Rupert Everett
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It it it originally published in 2005. It's a new book in the series.
Yes it is! It is also a book by Tom Clancy.
They are a basketball team in the National Basketball Conference. Are you a fan of basketball?
The team is owned by Woodson
Yes,It is a basketball team
You are welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, Whiplash, and The Campaign. Would you like to know more about those movies?
I also recommend Three Psychopaths. I think you might enjoy that one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Florida. The Broncos have won a few Super Bowls.
Ronaldinho, Jim Caldwell, and John Fox to name a few. Are you a football fan?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like Vin Diesel?
I haven't seen that one. I've heard good things about it. I'm not sure if it is good.
I agree. Matthew Irby was also in The Painted Veil. Have you seen that one?
Thank you
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I have not seen it. I know it is written by Lois Lowry and is based on the book.
I haven't read that one, can I help you with anything else?
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
I didn't know that. Is he a golfer from Dallas?
I'm not sure about that, but I know he plays the forward position.
Yes, I know she is an author. She wrote a book called I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
Yes, I agree, she is a prolific writer. Do you like poetry? She is a very talented writer.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was the next book was adapted into a film in the early 1900's.
Of course. I hope you enjoy them both.
He wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. He starred in Whatever Works have you seen it?
This is the End is a romantic comedy starring Rosemary's Baby
This is the End is a drama. James Franco also directed Pineapple Express which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Alexis Sanchez is a soccer player for FC Barcelona, are you a soccer fan?
I'm not much of a fan of football but I do know that Alexis Sanchez is from Santo Domeo & Juliet
I love that movie! It's a great drama!
Doctor Zhivago stars Jada Pinkett Smith
It was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes! The Sea of Monsters was also written by Rick Riordan
The  Titan's Curse of the Throne of Fire, The Sea of Monsters and The Assassin's Blade
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
She also wrote The Guilt Trip and The Wild Life
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. The book was originally published in 1980.
I do! I love watching him in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in?
Then I would suggest The Martian Chronicles or The Invisible Man.
It was released in 1980, the same year The Martian Chronicles was released
Sure no problem
Isn't he a forward for F.C Barcelona? Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Adam Sandler was in that one. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups too. I think he's a good actor.
Yes, you are correct. Salma Hayek was in Frida. She is a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and it has a genre Mystery. Do you like Mystery books?
Beneath also starred in Tuck Everlasting. Have you seen that one?
That's a great movie. Total Recall was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics as well as the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes he is, and also from the 1980 Summer Olympics
Thor is starring Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth. Would you like to watch that movie?
Great movie starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Chris Hemsworth, and many others.
Great actor, he starred in one of my favorite movies, The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Then I would suggest a film starring Robert Downey Jr. called The Avengers.
Eric Brees is a writer. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
Eric Bees also wrote the thriller The Mask and SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film starring Eric Bees and Kate Winslet. Eric Bees also starred in the movie The Final Destination.
William Lee Scott starred in The Final Destination and The Magician's Nephew. Have you seen them?
October Sky was a Thriller film starring James Patterson, Ty Burrell, Sam Elliot, and Natalie Portman. It is a Crime Fiction Film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I've only seen her in the movie Crossroads. I've never seen it, but she was in the movie Crossroads.
Matt Damon was in it. Do you like him?
She starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
300 is a Romance Film.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie. It was released in 300.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie. He's a great actor.
Yes! It's a great book series. Do you like Kill Bill?
Robert De Niro and David Carradine starred in it. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Pride and Prejudice.
Yes it is a film. Did you know Pride and Prejudice was adapted into a film?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
That is a fiction novel.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation so if you like Tom Cruise, you would like to hear more about this movie.
Yes that is correct. Tom Cruise was also in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Tom Cruise. Would you like that one?
You are welcome.
I don't have that information. I know that they won the Super Bowl this year.
I have been a huge fan since I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I'm a Niners fan for sure. I do like to watch the Steelers and the Raiders. What is your favorite sport?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Great Gatsby. Would you like to read it?
The book is in the Romance genre. Would you like to know more?
No, I don't have any information on what genre it is.
I'm not a huge fan but I do enjoy watching soccer. Isn't he a forward for the Germany National Football team?
I agree with you. The team is a very talented team.
I agree that it is. Did you know the team won the Robert Frost Medal?
Sure,Libba Bray wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Abolition Man.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is part of a series. The next in the series is The Sweet Far Thing.
Sure, the Twilight Series is part of a series. The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series. The next in the series is The Golden Compass.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He writes in Polish.
There are some other writers for the Czech Republic, including Jose Mourinho, Kurt Vonnegut Jr., and Edgar Ramirez.
Isn't he a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints?
Drew Brees is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
Yes she is a female golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't have information on that. I know she is from Honolulu.
Wow i didnt know that. What a title to know?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen either of those?
Bodyguard also starred Jenna Boyd and Michael Stahl-David
Yes it was released in 1994. It is a good movie.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of him but I do know he's friends with Selena Gomez who starred in Shrek 2
Really? I don't know much about him. I know he's also a musician and a musician.
He's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like Monsters Inc because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it stars Sam Worthington?
Have you seen the whole Walt Disney series?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great Adventure film. It was directed by Frank Beddor
Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides, The One Plus One, and The One Plus One.
It's a Romance novel.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I have not read that one. I know MatthewReilly wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and he also wrote Zoe's Tale.
I haven't read that one. I will have to check it out.
I agree. Rafael Nadal is a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer too. Who is your favorite?
That's right. I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player too.
You're welcome!
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Complete Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1891. It's a great book.
Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1892. Would you like to know more about the novel?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
The Golden Compass is a good one. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
No I haven't. Who is it by?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2012. Do you like Fiction?
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story has genre Thriller. It is a genre speculative fiction.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
Chrstina Perri is a dance pop artist. Do you know anything about her?
I don't think so. I do know that she's a daughter of Christina Perri. Do you like her music?
Sure, do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is a thriller?
Sure. The Silence of the Lambs and The Green Hornet are two movies he starred in.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts are two good books by him.
Another book she wrote is Where There's Smoke. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I do like soccer. Isn't he a good player?
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, California. The team is coached by Mike Pettine, and owned by Randy Lerner. Do you like Football?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do know that Jake Allen coached the New York Giants. Do you like to watch football?
I don't know a good one, I know he used to play for the Cleveland Browns. Did you know he was from the Cleveland Browns?
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness.
She starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I agree, I really liked her in the movie Shallow Hal
Number the Stars is a novel written by Lois Lowry and the genre is young adult fiction.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you looking for any more examples?
Yes it is a great example of Speculative fiction. It was written by Lois Lowry and is also a Speculative.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlottes Web, the Children's Literature.
It was! Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which is based on the book.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, one is X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Women in Love, and another one is Women in Love
Submarine is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to read it?
Douglas Adams wrote Mostly Harmless and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a fiction novel released in 1996. Would you like to hear more about this book?
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a 1987 science fiction novel by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about Douglas Adams?
You're welcome!
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-Pop musician. Are you a fan of them?
Those are similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Are you a fan of their music?
I don't know too much about them but I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football team based in Baltimore, But I am not a big fan of football
Yes, he was. Did you know the Baltimore Ravens won the Super Bowl this year?
I'm a huge fan of sports, but I don't even know a bit about it. I like to watch the Bears and the Bears when they are the runner ups.
Do you like Science Fiction Films?
Other science fiction action films you might like are X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, and X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Another example of this genre is The Silence of the Lambs.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro. Would you like to watch that movie?
Yes, Wag the Dog is a comedy and stars Amy Sedaris. Do you like her work?
That is a great drama! Denzel Washington also starred in Safe House which is a very good movie
You're very welcome!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes and Rufus Sewell also starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
She is a great actress. She also starred in The Truman Show and Shooting the Past.
The Pianist is a drama film. A similar film is The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
I am not a tennis fan but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is dating Rory McIlroy
I did not know that. What genre is that? Is that a comedy?
American Gangster also starred Shelley Duvall. It is a great movie!
Right now that is where Serena is residing. Who is her husband?
He directed the movie The Illusionist.
It's a crime fiction. Neil Burger also directed The Illusionist.
Yes, Neil Burger has worked on The Illusionist with the genre suspense and Crime Fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I have not read the book before it. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It was written by A.A. Milne. It was released in 2006 and is a series.
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's a thriller. Are you interested in thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Pandemonium is part of a series. The next in the series is Pandemonium, have you read it?
It was written by Philip Pullman, and is a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like some of Madonna's music. She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away, too.
Yes it is. It's similar to Madonna's relationship with Justin Timberlake.
Yes that's correct. Did you know that she starred in the Harry Potter series as well?
Yes she did. Did you know she also starred in The Greatest Show on Earth?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure! That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski. It is a Psychological thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the film!
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman. Are you a fan of them?
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här.
Sure, he has written Zoo and You've Been Warned, among others.
Zoo is a movie starring James Patterson. He also wrote Zookeeper and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
Nothing from Agatha Christie is a political drama. It's similar to The Man in the High Castle.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne. It's a romantic comedy
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks, who also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Requiem for a Dream, and The Wrestler. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama/romance released in 2011 with Evan Rachel Wood
Sean Penn starred in Requiem of a Dreams and The Wrestler. He also starred in the movie
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, The main star in Apocalypse Now is Apocalypse Now is Apocalypse Now is a war film
I'm sorry I don't have that information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but I can tell you that Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle, which is a Romance film.
Sure Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Hayley Atwell wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with those?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're coached by Jim Caldwell. Do you like Football?
Did you know they won the Super Bowl this year?
Yeah, I didn't know that. I'm a patriots fan as well!
Mad Max Fury Road stars Tom Hardy, Matt Damon, and Bill Murray. It is a sci-fi/adventure film.
That is correct. Charlize Theron also starred in The Brave One
Yes I believe so. Justice league is a good movie with Jodie Foster.
I don't have information on that, but Nicky Katt starred in The Brave One and she starred in it.
You're welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
It was released in 1929.
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
No problem
Do you like it because it is starring Will Ferrell or because it is a drama?
Sure! Do you like Science Fiction or Psychological Thrillers?
Yes it does. It's also a film.
It's a French film. Leonard Goldberg also produced a TV series, and starred in it. He's a great writer.
Got it! Enjoy!
I know that he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I believe he plays for the Wales national football team.
Yes, he's from Wales from the Cardiff region.
She is a singer, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work but I can tell you she starred in Terminator Salvation.
I love her music. Do you know what type of music she performs?
Yes, she's a very talented singer. I'm also a fan of Shakira, Shake it off isn't she?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anne Frank. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I have not seen that one, but if you love The Silence of the Lambs, I love The Long Dark Tears. Have you seen that one?
I do like Anthony Hopkins. He also stars in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like her?
It was originally published in 2012, in the English language.
Larry Crowne is a movie. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
It's the only book I know about it is When we Were Very Young. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but it is speculative and science fiction.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Poland national football team. I don't know much about him
Robert Lewandowski plays the position of Forward
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince.
Sure, The Selection is a series of books written by Kiera Cass' leading author The Kiera Cass' Queen is the second book in the series. The Queen is the second book in the series.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it was a sci-fi film?
Great, I would definitely recommend Action films, I love Action. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi and many more. Are you a fan of any of these actors?
That is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with? Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a great book! It was released in 2006 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Is that the movie written by Yann Martel, or the stars in it?
It was written by Pixar, who also wrote Winter in Wartime.
It is Fiction. It's also a movie if you like fiction.
Its a great book. It was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote The Tipping Point Book.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that author.
Yes he does. Stephen Gladwell also wrote a series of books he has written.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
Fiar Game is a drama genre
The Golden Compass is a great one
Scott Glenn starred in Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
I believe Jack Nicholson also wrote Amadeus Mozart
Yes, I will add that to your movie list
C.S Lewis wrote it and it was released in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S Lewis in the 1940s. It is part of The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Silver Chair was written by C.S Lewis and it was released in 1950. It is part of the trilogy.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete in the Indian national cricket team. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know that he plays for the Mumbai Indians
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about that. I know he starred in The Muppets which is a comedy genre.
He starred in the movie Space Jam, which is a comedy/drama film.
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. He wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Okay.
Michael Crichton is an American novelist widely known for To Kill a Mockingbird
there is no information on what he wrote
it is a fiction book
No problem enjoy!
I think he is a talented footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich II for Germany
I am more of a American Football fan. What is your favorite sport?
The most popular sport in the world is American Football (Soccer)
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Correct, he wrote "Go Further" a science fiction piece"
I don't have any additional information on that one. I can tell you that he is a writer and an athlete.
Sure! Added to your list. Hopefully you will enjoy it.
Paulo Coelho is a co-author who wrote The Tao of Pooh.
He is also a scientist and a teacher.
It's a fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, G.A.T Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook just to name a few. I am sorry I do not have that information
Eva Mendes was in the Harry Potter movies as well as the Halloween Tree
Yes it was a great movie. American Sniper is genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Bradley Cooper is one of the most popular actors in the world. He also directed the science fiction film American Sniper. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Silver Linings plays the lead role. It's also a comedy.
You're welcome!
I do! I love the movie he directed called The Lost City of Faar. Have you seen it?
Yes. This is a great movie. Robert De Niro also starred in The Dracula. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great film. I also like Step Brothers. Have you seen it?
You might also like The Warrior's Way, which is a comedy.
Sure. It also stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It is a comedy.
It's a good one. It's an action adventure film directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's written by Joel Coen and is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes. Tom Hanks also wrote the movie Larry Crowne.
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne with Tom Hanks. That's a great romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I agree, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great one.
You're welcome!
The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
The Golden Compass starring Neeson is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, California. The team is coached by Mike Pettine, and owned by Randy Lerner.
Wow! Who's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of Cleveland?
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do know that they are coached by John Farrell
Yes he is. I like Monmouth Beach more. Do you like him?
I am not a huge fan of New Jersey, but I do know that Verona is from New Jersey.
I did not see that. Is that a movie with Will Ferrell?
He is most famous for writing The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
You are correct. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You are welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
A similar genre is the Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Goonies stars Thomas Lennon and Robert Davi. It was released in 1985.
Yes she is. I love her song Thank Me Later. Do you like her music?
Right. I am not a huge fan of her. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not a pop song either. I do know that she is a pop artist, right?
No I haven't read it. Is it written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I do. It's the next series is The Return of the King. Have you read that?
I do like thrillers. I think Shark Night is a great one.
Dr. Seuss wrote a book called The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Theodore is a speculative fiction book
It was originally published in 1989
Would you like a book similar to The Lorax or The Giver
Not a problem
I am not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I do know that they are in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I'm a Redskins fan so I kind of like the New York Giants. Do you have a favorite team?
The book Never Let Me Go was written by Alex Garland, the genre is Thriller and science fiction. Are you a fan of these genres?
He also wrote Insomnia and Inception. Both are great books.
Yes he has. He has made a movie appearances in it as well. It is a comedy-drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy them both.
Ruben Fleischer directed great movie called Gangster Squad which also directed Cowboys & Aliens.
It was released in 1999.
It genre is crime fiction
You are welcome
I've never read Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read this book?
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Yes, he also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai.
Yojimbo starred in a movie called Akira. It is a western film.
Toshiro is a science fiction film, the star of the film is Yojimbo.
Glad to help!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Confessions has genre Psychological thriller. what else can i answer for you?
RocknRolla is a good one. Anything else I can answer for you?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you?
They're doing okay in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like Football?
I like to watch the Steelers and I'm a Dodgers. What about you?
That's a great team! Did you know Shahid Khan is from Washington?
I love Michael Jackson! He wrote Moonwalker which is a very popular song.
No I haven't. I've never seen it. It is a great movie by the way.
Yes, he was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Scream is a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, which is a Horror film.
Brad Pitt was a great lead as the lead and he also starred in Troy. Do you like Brad Pitt?
I do. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner, are you a fan?
The Baltimore Orioles is a good team too. Who's your favorite team?
I agree. The Orioles have a good team. Are you a fan of the Red Sox?
Timur Bekmambetov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen it?
Sure! Night Watch is a horror film directed by Roland Emmerich. It is also a star-studded.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Yes, Hugh Jackman stars in X-Men 2.
Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
He's a great author! He wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
1986 was the year that released The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
There are so many great books to recommend in that genre are; The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
Glad I could help!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Ok, he wrote The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Marlon Brando stars in Apocalypse Now. Great movie!
Great! Marlon Brando stars in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now is a thriller.
Yes, he did. It starred Marlon Brando and was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
You should check it out. It stars Marlon Brando too.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, California. They are the runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That is true, do you know who the team is owned by Steve Tisch?
Who is your favorite team?
I don't have a favorite team but I do know they are doing pretty well this season. Do you have a favorite football team?
Do you have a favorite football team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, this movie stars 500 Days of Summer and 500 Days of Summer. That movie is starring Zooey Deschanel
Pruitt Taylor Vince also starred in Beautiful Darkness, which is a comedy. Do you like her?
You Again was a Lie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a great romance film.
The Namesake is a book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Have you read the next book in the series?
Xenocide is a novel by American author Orson Scott Card, based on the book.
Yes, I have added the book.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom which is a Science Fiction Film
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
He is a country singer who composed The Christmas Blessing. Have you heard that song?
His record of the 90's. Do you know he won the MTV Video Award for Video of the Year?
I don't have that information, but he won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was adapted into a TV series by Sara Shepard. It was released in 1994.
I recommend Tapes by Sara Shepard. It's a very good series.
You're welcome! Have fun!
I think they are one of the best teams in the Premiere League, right?
I'm sorry I don't know about the current soccer team, but I do know that they're owned by Wayne Weaver.
Do you know anything about Army/Navy because it was written by Cameron Crowe?
I don't know much about Pittsburgh, but I do know that The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I think Tomlin is a head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers. I think Mike Tomlin was a great coach though.
I didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ridley Scott starred in The Skulls and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Sean Penn was in that movie as well. Do you like his acting?
I will send it to the screen now. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year it was released
Yes she is a great writer
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards. Are you a fan of his?
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, California.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It's a movie too. Would you like to watch it?
It's a thriller. It's about a murder and murder mystery.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
Moving Finger was released in 1847.
Your welcome
Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is based on Romeo and Juliet.
What You Will is a fantasy novel by Christopher Bigsby and is part of a series.
You're welcome!
He directed many films including Headhunters
I don't know who the headhunters are, but The Headhunters stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! It's written by Khaled Hosseini. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he has. Khaled Hosseini also wrote The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a point guard for the Whiplash?
His books are based on Fiction and Psychological thriller genre, do you want to know about movies like that genre?
It is a romance about a woman looking for a woman looking for a woman desperate to lose their life, and they decide to give it a try. It sounds like a very good movie.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day.
She starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest. Would you like more information about her?
It's a horror film that was released in 2016. It's about a young girl looking for a young girl then.
Sure thing! Added to your watch list.
I think he's a good friend with Woody Harrelson, I'm not familiar with that.
It is a Comedy/drama that was released in 2014
I didn't know that! I love that one. She is a great actress.
Breakfast of Champions is a speculative fiction written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that genre?
It's genre is speculative fiction.
A book in the series is called Things Fall Apart. Would you like to read it?
Then you might also enjoy the next in the series, The Gathering Storm.
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks
Yes, he did star in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
Will do. Would you like any other recommendations?
Jonathan Levine wrote The Wackness, starring Jane Adems
The Wackness is a drama. Would you like to know about other drama films?
Tom Hanks starred in Wackness. Would you like to know who starred in the movie?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. The author of Treasure Island is Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, a start reading them!
I will add Treasure Island to your reading list.
Definitely, he directed the thriller thriller The Ghost Writer, and Rosemary's Baby
Definitely, he wrote Winter's Bone, which is a suspense film
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Jack London wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a good one.
That's correct. Did you know the Call of the Wild was made into a movie in 1954?
I'm always happy to help!
Yes, I love that movie. It stars Seth Rogen who is a very good actor
Seth Rogan starred in the Harry Potter movies. Would you like to know more about that?
James Franco also starred in No Country for Old Men.
James Franco also starred in Knocked Up. Have you seen that one?
Shadows and Lies was released in 2003.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a novel. Are you interested in that novel?
It is written in English. Have you read the original language?
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and David Fincher starred in Fight Club. I think you'd love it.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you familiar with these?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
That is correct. Denzel Washington starred in Jurassic Park as well.
He was also in Indiana Jones and the Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Correct. He was in Pelican Brief and The Preacher's WIfe.
Yes, he did. Robert De Niro was in Volcano High. He is a great actor.
You're welcome.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I haven't watched baseball as much as baseball. Isn't Fred Wilpon a baseball player?
I like to watch the Cubs play the Cubs and the Dodgers when they were the runner ups.
Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
It was released in 1991. Would you like to read it?
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely! World War Z and White House Down are also good movies with the same genre.
Sure, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are both action films.
No problem. Enjoy!
I believe he wrote the book Timequake and The Sirens Titan. Have you read them?
I don't have any other information on that author but I can tell you that Welcome to the Monkey House is a novel.
The next in the series is Welcome to the Monkey House, have you read it?
Sure Clint Eastwood has directed several movies. Would you like to know about one of them?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Hilary Swank. Do you like them?
That's correct. Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 2011. It also stars Carmen Argenziano.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano. She was also in the Hunger Games.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears and The Cuckoo's Calling
Underdog is a comedy/drama film. It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Jay Leno has been in a number of films including The Mask, Antz, and The Giver.
They are ok. Did you know that they won the Super Bowl this year?
Yes I do. The Philadelphia Eagles are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I only watch the X-Men movies.
My husband is a New England Patriots fan. I'm also a New England Patriots fan.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, alongside Peter Gallagher, it is a Drama and is really good!
Sam Mendes also starred in American Beauty. Sam Mendes also directed it. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is a highly rated film. I think you will enjoy it!
The Incredible Hulk is written by Stan Lee. It is starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great one. Have you seen it?
Released in 2010. It was directed by Stan Lee.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it stars Brad Pitt?
Sure, he also starred in the movie Troy, which is a science fiction film
You are welcome.
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show. what else can i answer for you?
I believe so! She has quite a few roles in it including Live Here Anymore. It's a great movie!
Naomi Watts has also been in The Greatest Show and The Secret Garden. Have you seen either of those?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
She is a great actress. She starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
It is a romance film, Ryan Reynolds was also in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a great movie.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and The Transporter.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Statham. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He has starred in The Jungle Book and The Emperoro's New Groove.
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Vampire Slayer is starring Rosario Dawson. Would you like to watch that movie?
Yes, it's written by Ben Affleck and was released in 1994.
The Town is a horror film. It also stars Ben Affleck and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome.
Sure! gustave flaubert wrote The Silence of the Lambs, and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read any of those ?
Madame Bovary is a novel released in 1856. Would you like to read it?
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to read it?
It is a novel. Would you like to read it?
Sure, I can recommend The Brief Encounters of Madame Bovary.
You are welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed Stanley Kubrick.
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla and The Last Samurai. Have you seen either of these?
Auto Racing was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that movie?
He was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
In the Heat of the Night is a good one by him.
Great. Do you want any other recommendation?
I know he was a sassy pianist. He was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like him?
Yes he is a great composer
I don't know too much about that, but I do know that Dreama Walker is one of my favorite artists
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, The Halloween Tree, and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III was a science fiction film
Siddhartha is a novel written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like to read it?
Hilda Rosner also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It came out in 1922. It's a great book.
You are welcome.
I do! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote Life of Pi, have you read it?
I've never read any of them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, you're correct. Michelle Paver also wrote Girl with a Pearle Earring.
I agree, it was a great movie. The Looking Glass Wars is another great one.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to hear about other films he starred in?
It is written by George R.R. Martin, and it was released in 1969.
You are welcome. There is also The Handmaid's Tale, The Bone Clocks and The Last Battle
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a basketball fan?
He is a basketball player and was born in Santa Marta. Are you a basketball fan?
Isn't he a basketball player?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man and Tis: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
Teacher Man was a Speculative fiction written by Tommy McCourt.
You are welcome
I think it is a great book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was published in 2003. It is a great book.
You're welcome!
I think they are a good team, did you know Jose Mourinho was from Barcelona?
I think he is an athlete right?
I am not familiar with soccer
He is most famous for writing The Sea Wolf.
Sure. White Fang was also considered Children's literature and was released in 1904.
It's a good movie. Do you like it because it's a drama?
I did not know that. Did you know Richard Gere also starred in Zookeeper?
I haven't seen it, but I know it is a good movie! Did you know that Richard Gere was in it?
Yes, that is a very interesting fact. Did you know Peter Jason also wrote The Bone Clocks?
Great. I will add it to your watch list.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to comedies?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance film.
Yes! J.K. Rowling wrote The Tales of Beedie the Bard and The Cuckoo's Calling.
He also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
You might also enjoy The Black Dahlia or The Casual Vacancy.
There are so many great books in the genre of young-adult fiction. One of my favorites is The Golden Compass.
That's a young-adult fiction. It's the next in the series is The Hunger Games.
You're welcome.
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Well, it was released in 2013 and Andrew Adamson also wrote Monsters, Inc.
They are in the National League, play at Citi Field, and play in the New York Mets. Do you like baseball?
I haven't been there, but I heard they're having a good season this year. Do you know who is the coach?
Minute Maid is actually a comedy with Bill Murray and Eddie Murphy. Do you like comedies?
Thomas Lennon starred in the a lot of action movies. Would you like to hear about that?
I'm not sure. It is a television series produced by Steven Spielberg, starring Thomas Lennon and Thomas Lennon.
Chealsea is a speculative fiction written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of this author?
the best team is the Broncos. Do you have a favorite soccer team?
Agreed. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
It was written by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He's an actor who starred in The Colditz Story.
I am not sure when it came out
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by John Fox
Yea, I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
Yea, he played for the Broncos. Did you know he's from Denver?
Yea, he's great. I'm sure you will enjoy that one too.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do know that they are in the National League East and are owned by Fred Wilpon.
I do. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I do. Do you know Field of Dreams stars Keanu Reeves?
Isn't he a point guard for the Timberwolves?
I do like LeBron James. He plays for the Golden State Warriors right?
No I haven't. Isn't he a good athlete?
It's a great movie starring Hugh Jackman, who starred in it.
If you like Sci-Fi, you might like Zombieland.
Yes, it was. There was a lot of information on it received, I am not very familiar with it.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins was released in 2005. If you like Batman Begins, you should check out The Dark Knight.
The Dark Knight is a sequel. Would you like to watch the Dark Knight?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper.
The original was released in 1926. It's a fantasy novel.
He wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
It's genre is speculative fiction
Z for Zachariah is a good one
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Tony Kaye is the main actor who starred in American History X. Do you know him?
Lake of Fire stars Tony Chomsky and Pat Buchanan. It's a Thriller
Your welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He is an American poet who is most famous for writing The Flattered Poems
He wrote Wild
It's a non fiction novel. It's also young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like books written by Laura Joffe Numeroff? She also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Yes! It is written by Paul Astor and Paul Astor.
You're welcome.
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who also directed Eyes Wide Shut.
Another good thriller is Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen that one?
I do not have that information. But I can tell you that it is also a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
It was released in 2011 in English
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Cement Garden.
He's a great basketball player. Did you know that team was founded by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens?
Yes he is. He's the current coach, the Celtics.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I hope they will make the playoffs. The Bulls are a good team and Jerry Reindsdorf is a good coach
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks
I agree. It is a good book. It was written by Nicholas Sparks and is considered a satire.
I hope you enjoy it!
Crescendo is a thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Jane Austen wrote it. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh wow ! I have never heard of that one. I like baseball too. Who is your favorite artist?
Andrew Stanton also directed Finding Neverland.
Finding Nemo is a Sci-Fi/Action genre released in 1982. Andrew Stanton also wrote WALL-E.
Ellen DeGeneres also stars in Finding Nemo as well as Finding Nemo.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure and The Devil's Advocate.
Correct! Did you know that Jennifer Hale is also in the movie?
I have the movie True Grit and The Wild One.
Will do happy to help!
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
He is also a famous bowler.
Yes, he wrote it and it stars Jennifer Lawrence
I think he is from Oakland, California. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
Yes, he also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really follow basketball much. I am more of a baseball fan. Are they your favorite team?
Yes I do! The King's Speech was written by Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It is a drama/thriller.
Yes it is a TV Drama, have you seen it?
I like Jesus of Nazareth too, would you like me to send it to you?
I love Shakira. My favorite song of hers is Waka Waka.
Yes, I also like Shakira. She is a talented singer.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do enjoy Sia's You. Is she a talented singer?
The team is coached by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Do you like them?
The Bears are a great team in the National Football League. The Bears competed in the National Football League as well as the Chicago Cubs. Are you a football fan?
Anything else I can help you with?
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
He plays point guard, he is a point guard for the Timberwolves.
Yes, he does. He is the highest paid athlete in the NBA.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth
Sure, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller.
OK, The Pillars of the Earth is a thriller and stars Amy Poehler. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, that is a great movie! Brokeback Mountain stars Kristen Connolly and Jason Bateman.
Heath Ledger starred in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to see that?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member of the National Football Conference South division
I believe that is their current coach. I don't know of any other coaches.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I also like to watch the Seahawks.
That was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was also turned into a movie.
J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, which is in the fantasy genre.
Did you know she also starred in the Harry Potter series? It's a great one!
Great, I think you will enjoy them!
Woody Allen wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is produced by Stephen Tenenbaum. what else can i do for you?
To Rome With Love stars William Hurt and Matt Damon. It's a great romance film.
It's a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it. I'm glad I could help!
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. She also wrote The Moon is a very good one.
Well, if you haven't seen Scream of the Banshee, I'd recommend The Bounty Hunter. Have you seen it?
One of my favorites is What's the Worst That Could Happened. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Marriage Plot. Have you read any of those?
The Virgin Suicides is a novel that was published in 1993. It is a novel.
It was released in 1993. It is a fiction book about the life and death of a young girl who is in her sister's shadow and falls in love with her daughter.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino, and it starred Seth Rogen who also directed Knocked Up.
Seth Rogen starred in Beautiful Creatures, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner just to name a few.
Yes, Pineapple Express is a good one, she also stars in The Interview.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I know he wrote The Virgin Suicides. Would you like to know about that?
Yes, Miranda Richardson also starred in the Psychological Thriller, Colditz and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Yes, the Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I sent it now!
I do! I love her! She is very talented. I love her music.
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira Gomez
I didn't know that. I know that she's married to Gisele Bundchen
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed the film The Prestige.
Christopher Nolan also produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Christopher Nolan also produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a Mystery film.
Enjoy!
Dani Alves is a player for FC Barcelona, are you a fan?
Wow, he must be very good. Did you know Dani Alves won the Bravo Award?
They're doing okay. I'm not a big fan of football but I do know that they're doing good. Who's your favorite team?
Yeah, they haven't doing too well this season but they haven't won the NFC North so they are not doing pretty well so far.
That's too true, I think they're doing well this year.
Great Expectations is a young adult fiction written by Charles Dickens. Do you like that author or genre?
Great Expectations was originally published in 1853 the same year Great Expectations was released. I don't have any other information on that, but Charles Dickens was influenced by Anne Frank.
I don't have any other information on that. I can tell you A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1838.
Elysium is also an adventure film.
I don't have info on working class but I can tell you more about the author.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is a great author. She wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of those?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's part of a series.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction by Kierra Cass. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a thriller. Starring actors include Tom Cruise, Michael Nyqvist, and Jeremy Renner
Yes, it is action packed as well.
A Christmas Carol is a drama.
You're welcome.
Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell, who also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a novel. Would you like to hear about other books published in 1949?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote a lot of short stories. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
That's a good one. It was written by George R. R. Martin.
He also wrote Gonzo the Art of Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Bradley Cooper starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a horror film starring Bradley Cooper and Josh Hutcherson. Would you like to know more about it?
The Words is a drama and a mystery genre. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
It is a fiction novel. what else can i answer for you?
yes it was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Black Dahlia, and The Raven to name a few.
The Raven was published in 1843. It is a children's literature.
My pleasure.
Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete, a midfielder for the Spain national football team.
I don't know who that is. Is that a team of soccer?
I'm not sure where that is. I don't know who he is.
Aladdin is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know about other movies with him?
Aladdin is a war film. Other movies in the genre is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
You should check out The Manchurian Candidate if you like that
Neil Jordan directed The End of the Affair, The Good Thief and The End of the Affair.
The Good Thief also starred Ralph Fiennes. Would you like to know who else starred in the film?
Yes, he did. Neil Jordan also directed The End of the Affair.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes, he was. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
I don't know what else he's done but Grindhouse was directed by Eli Roth.
No problem. Enjoy!
Downfalls is a war film. Other films in the genre are The Crime Fiction and The Ugly Truth.
Downfall is starring Tess Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen, Josh Brolin
It is starring Anna Kendrick and Marcia DeBonis
You are welcome
I do! He's a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I know he's a rapper. Do you know who he's with?
Who's he with yea?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You are welcome.
It was written by David Sedaris and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
It is, it is actually a book written by Sedaris, and its actually the first book is actually a film. Its actually the first book was released in 2005.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Women in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
Youth in Revolt has a genre of Adventure and Comedy
You are welcome.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
J.J.R. Tolkien wrote the book
It was released in 2003
CCH Pounder starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and many more!
RoboCop 3 also stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon to name a few.
It is! Kevin Zegers also starred in The Magician's Land
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
She was in the sequel, The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Returns
Yes, she did. Anne Hathaway also stars in The Iron Lady.
Glad I could help! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these?
Okay, a couple great Fiction books are What the Night Knows, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read those?
I'm glad I could help!
Sure! Dan Gilroy has starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now, X-Men: Apocalypse Now
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Dan Gilroy also directed The Devil's Advocate which is an action film.
The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Identity. Nightcrawler is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and Tobago.
It is a romance film. Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, it is an anime film, I am not sure if it is an anime film, but it is also a film.
Sure, he wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins
Hugh Jackman starred in that movie. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Great Gatsby, and The Red Pony. Have you read any of these?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins, have you read it?
Sure, enjoy!
Sure, have fun reading!
Sure, have you read Dead Poets Society? It is also in the Drama genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe it is a book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
You got it.
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue too. It was released in 1969.
No problem!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord
The novel is based on a book written by George R.R. Martin
He has written a series of books called Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
I like Wladimir Klitschko, he's married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know he starred in Ocean's Eleven?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
I'm not sure about that. But, I know she starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
Really? I'm not sure. I just know that she's married to Gisele Bundchen.
Dr. Seuss is the author.
There is a sequel to Wocket in the Pocket that was written by Dr. Seuss
That's correct! Would you like to hear about other books by Dr. Seuss?
That's a great children's book. Kung Fu Panda was written by Pete Docter, who also wrote Monsters, Inc
He's been in White Oleander as well.
That's correct. Emma Stone was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome.
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Charlize Theron is the main star in the movie. Dozen is starring Jodi Foster and Ben Foster. Do you like them?
It was released in 2004. Do you want to know more about the Dozen?
Yes, it stars Woody Harrelson and Jodi Foster.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Terminator stars Christian Bale and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Yes, he did. The Women of Brewster Place is a classic.
I don't know, but I know it is starring Oprah Winfrey and Lynn Whitfield.
Sure thing! Added to your watch list.
Nata McElhone is a British actes, best known for The Truman Show.
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2003
It is a Mystery genre
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss
Little Bear is a fantasy, do you like fantasy books?
Great, I'll add it to your family collection.
Happy to help!
I'm sorry I'm not sure.
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire is a fantasy thriller.
Tom Hanks and Kevin Costner are two of the actors.
It was released in 2001.
I will do that right now.
Added.
Gone with the Wind is a drama starring Margaret Mitchell. Do you like that kind of movie?
The Great Gatsby is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure who the main stars in the film. However, The Sound of Music stars Tom Everett and Jean Simmons.
No problem.
She starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of these?
Isn't he a tennis player I've seen?
I do agree. I love Serena as well as Venus. She is a great tennis player.
I think Garfinkel is the owner of the Miami Dolphins, did you know that?
A book similar to To Kill a Mockingbird, which was written by Harper Lee
A book similar to To Kill a Mockingbird is The Manchurian Candidate which was written by Harper Lee
You're welcome.
I love her! She is very talented.
I do. I like Dancer, Dancer, and Dancer, more. How about you?
I didn't know that. I know she is married to Helena Bonham Carter. She starred in P.S.E.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine, Screenwriter, and The Mechanic.
Yes, it stars Sandra Bullock and was a great movie.
Sure, Peter Gallagher also starred in The O.C. which is a Romance.
Yes you're welcome.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland has genre Thriller
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland has genre Speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
I know he plays soccer for the Columbia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
He played Midfielder and Forward. Are you a fan of either of those teams?
He was on FC Porto. He was a great midfielder.
She is an amazing tennis player. I love Venus and her sister Serena, too.
I didn't know that. Brett Ratner is an actor and a comedian. Who is your favorite?
I'm not sure about that, but Michelle Pfeiffer starred in The Muppets!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells, who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Rick Riordan wrote that book. It was released in 1993.
She's a great writer. She wrote The Muppets and The Wild Life. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
Yes. Zoe's Tale is also a fiction novel
Yes. Jack London wrote the book.
You are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Sao Paulo?
She is also a cricket player and was born in Sao Paulo. Are you a tennis fan?
Hantuchuchova is a good athlete. He is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Yes, Usain Bolt was the captain of the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it stars Natalie Portman?
Then you might also like The X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but Chris Weitz also wrote The Golden Compass.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in Troy Garity
I believe so, J.K. Simmons also stars in Elizabethtown
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr., it is a satire. Would you like to hear about other books he has written?
he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you read either of those?
Definitely, it's a great one. Would you like to know more about the book?
He directed a movie called Mark Waters. Would you like to know about any other movies he directed?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also wrote a lot of popular Spider-fiction books?
The genre is Thriller and Mystery. Do you like Thrillers?
Phil won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in Tin Cup.
He also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which was a very successful team!
I have not seen it. I know it stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Truman Capote wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read it?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in that movie as well as Geraldine McEwan and John Lennon.
I'm having trouble finding anything similar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a self-help book. Would you like to read it?
That's correct. Did you know that The One Minute Manager was released in 1981?
Sam Taylor-Johnson wrote Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
That movie stars Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. It's a teen film.
Sure, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a crime fiction. Do you like this genre?
He did! Hunter S Thompson also wrote Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade which is an action film.
V for Vendetta is a political Thriller - the movie is a thriller.
She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
I believe it to be a Mystery genre. Are you interested in mysteries in this genre?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I do know that it was produced by Terry Pratchett. Would you like any other recommendations?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen either of those?
I haven't read that yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not seen She's All That and National Lampoon Show.
Great, have you see Annie Hall by Woody Allen?
Yes, he wrote Dan Gilroy. Did you know Dan Gilroy was a golfer from Northern Ireland?
Robert Ludlum he is the leading
It is a thriller genre
He was in the action thriller The Public Enemy
good series
you are welcome
Sure, Where the Sidewalk Ends is a book similar to Where the Sidewalk Ends, which is the next in the series.
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Where the Sidewalk Ends.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree and The Missing Piece.
You're welcome.
I know that he composed the song We Rode in Trucks, have you heard it?
I don't know any of her songs. I do know that she starred in Valentine's Day and We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, I do agree with you. Did you know he is also a musician?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption
Seabiscuit is a novel written by Laura Hillenbrand, it was released in 1994. It is about a race horse and a boy whose paths cross.
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by John Grisham
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Chris Hemsworth, and James Franco to name a few.
Yes, The Doors is a 2004 American/Canadian film starring Michael Madsen and James Franco.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Yes he does. Have you read The Name of the Wind? It's a good one.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Then you might like The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction.
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C?
Wayne Rooney is from Manchester United F.C.
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know the team is coached by Mike Zimmer.
Not really. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
That's true. I'm more of a football fan.
Sure, pitch perfect was written by Tim Burton. Would you like it to be directed by Tim Burton?
Anna Kendrick also stars in White Oleander. Would that interest you?
Yes, The Last Five Years is a Comedy/drama. It also stars Sean Penn.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on other films that you are looking for.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The U.S.-Filo
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India?
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. Are you a fan of the Indian?
Yes, he is a very talented player from England. Are you a fan of his?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction novel released in 1987
Sure, War of the Worlds was also released in 2001
You're welcome
I know he's a midfielder, but I don't know much about him. Is he any good?
I think Vicente del Bosque plays for them as well. Do you know anything about Vicente del Bosque?
He did! He's a great player, right? I'm not sure if he did. He's a great coach.
I agree that he's a great player as well.
Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and The Dark Knight Rises.
He is an American novelist widely known for To Kill a Mockingbird, it was released in 1918.
Fifty Shades Freed is an erotic romance novel written by E.L. James. Do you like that author?
Sure, you may also like Fifty Shades Freed. Have you read other books by E.L. James?
Bared to You is written by Anne Tyler.
Fifty Shades of Grey was published in 2011
Ok I am glad to help
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika.
It's a fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome! Enjoy Sämtliche Erzählungen.
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand, who also wrote The Boys in the Striped Pyjamas.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is a great basketball player, he plays point guard for the Brooklyn Nets. Do you like him?
Braveheart is written by Randall Wallace.
Yes he did along with Patrick McGoohan
I'm sorry I don't know about all his work
Its a good one. Enjoy!
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
It was released in 2004.
It's a non-fiction written by Jeffery Deaver. It was released in 2003.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned that team
Yes, they are correct. Do you like football?
Yes, he was playing for the Broncos. He was originally a quarterback for the Reds and he used to be their quarterback this year.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring has genre Speculative fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
The book has a lot of interesting sci-fi genre. It's a short story and was released in 1995.
I'm not sure who wrote that book. I do know that Snow Crash is a novel.
Tropic Thunder is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise, Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert De Niro is a big star in Tropic Thunder.
Sure, The Cable Guy is a comedy-dramas and Charles Napier stars in The Cable Guy
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure about that. I'm sorry.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Robert Pattinson starred in Cutthroat Island with Renny Harlin
Cutthroat Island was released in 1995.
Your welcome.
I'm not familiar with them. I do know that they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I would say I would like to see them play the 49ers have a chance
Oh wow, I don't follow football too closely to be honest. I do like the Bears too. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but John-Henry also directed it. Would you like to hear that?
I don't have that information, but John-Henry also wrote Fair Game. Would you like to hear that?
I don't know who starred in Fair Game. I do know that Sean Penn starred in the movie Fair Game.
I don't know, but I do know that he also starred in The Truman Show which was a comedy.
I know he's a basketball player, who plays point guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
I don't have much information on that. I do know that Dwyane Wade's husband is Gabrielle Union. Are you familiar with her?
Yes it was! It was also written by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi starring Gary Oldman. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Great sci-fi movie also starring Gary Oldman.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed 300: Rise of an Empire, 300: Rise of an Empire, and 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Peter Mensah.
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2010.
Gone Baby Gone is another fantasy movie in the War genre.
I will have to look it up. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Eva Green was born in London, Connecticut. I am not sure of the name.
You too!
I'm not much of a baseball fan. I'm more of a Dodgers fan of the San Diego Padres. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Magic Johnson is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That's a good one! I haven't heard of it since they made it to the movie.
Sure! Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde stars Stephen King and Alfred Hitchcock. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The original was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyn Peake and Alfred Hitchcock. Would you like to watch the movie?
I cannot find that information. I can tell you other books he has written. Have you ever read or seen the movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. what else can i do for you?
There's one called Sword of Shannara, it is a novel written by George R. R. Martin.
I don't know a lot about her. But, I know she wrote The White Princess and The White Princess.
I don't know about Paul Pogba-Do. I know he plays for the soccer team
Is he a forward for the Manchester United F.C?
Agreed! Alabama is a great team.
Wow, I didn't know they are more than football.
He is an author who wrote Snatch which was also a screenwriter.
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Would you like more books by Steinbeck?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre of Novel and Drama. Do you like either of those genres?
Great I will add it to your list.
I don't have that information. But I know it was released in 1961.
I don't have any information on that author. Can I help with anything else?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Did you like the Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Tom Cruise, or because it was a thriller?
Yes, it does. It also stars Morgan Freeman.
I don't have that information. However, Helena Mattsson also starred in Clerks which is a Crime Fiction Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon. O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Steinbeck.
She was in Thirteen. Would you like to hear about other movies she stars in?
Sure, she also starred in the movie, O Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
Andrew Bergman wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The genre is science fiction
He also wrote The Good Guy
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman.
I don't have any information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Some other action movies you might like are Zoe's Tale, X-Men: First Class, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a good sci fi movie.
Interstellar is a Sci Fi star in Interstellar. It is a science fiction action film.
You are welcome
Yes, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins. It is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
It also stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
She also starred in Valentine's Day, That Was Then, This Is Now
Great, hope you enjoy!
I think he's a great tennis player. Isn't he a good player?
I haven't had a chance to watch match. I've never played before.
It's not really fun to play, but it's more of an action movie that you should watch.
Sure! Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French film.
X-Men: The Last Stand was written by Bryan Singer who also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand
If you like X-Men movies you might also like The Last Stand, you might also like Zombieland, Wolverine.
Logan is a sci-fi film starring Logan Levine and Chris Hemsworth
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote the Pianist.
Yes, Rian Johnson directed The Usual Suspects which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
My favorite is What's the Worst That Could Happen. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. what else can i do for you
The Godfather also has genre Thriller.
The Godfather was released in 1994. It is directed by Francis Ford Coppola,
Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption.
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read it?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Have you read it?
She also wrote A Piece of the World and The Way Life Should Be
Yes, all of the Harry Potter books are.
Will Smith starred in I Am Legend. Would you like to know who else acted that movie?
He's great! Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a Comedy. Have you seen that one?
He is! Will Smith also stars in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with him?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Yes it is. You should check it out.
I'm a big fan of We Found Love.
I like more of a Justin Timberlake fan, how about you?
I haven't heard that, but I've heard a lot about him. He is a very talented person!
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to read it?
Yes it was. The Incredible Journey was also released in 1960.
Yes, it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and it stars Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway.
There's The Golden Compass, which is a musical theater movie.
Grease is a great one! Other films in that genre include The Musical Theatre, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a Sci-Fi novel written by Quentin Tarantino.
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep also starred in Silence
Jodie Foster also starred in this movie
The Denver Broncos are a good team, I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this spring. Are you a fan of them?
It's a good one too. I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like any of those players?
Cold Mountain is a film that was written by Truman Capote
I did watch this movie. Are you a fan of Renee Zellweger in Shark Tale?
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. It's a crime fiction.
J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketballer who plays as a point guard for the Mumbai Indians and the Mumbai Indians
He has done a lot in which crime fiction films. He also starred in The Shawshank Redemption which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
J.K. Simmons also stars in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons. It is a Crime Fiction film.
Yes, Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies. Do you like thrillers?
Oh yes, he's been in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
I'm not sure he's down but he was good in The Rum Diary.
Okay, if you like thrillers, you should watch Treasure Planet.
The movie starred Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Costner
I don't have that information, but Daniel Roebuck also stars in The Fugitive.
That is a good one as well.
If you like romantic comedies, you may want to check out The Fugitive.
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones was in The Fugitive. It's a great movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
J.M. Barrie wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Sure, do you like Peter Pan because it's a fantasy?
It's a children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Little White Bird and The Giver.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he is a midfielder for Real Madrid C.F.
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
No problem!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Paul Walker.
I'm not sure, but he was also in Fast Five. Have you seen it?
I agree, I love Kevin Costner! Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he wrote The Jungle Book and The Emperoro's New Groove. Have you read either of those?
Yes it did star Jonathan Silverman and Faizon Love along with Favreau
That is a Reality TV starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Yes that's correct. Kevin Nealon also starred in The Crowd
Yes she did. The Gazebo is a drama film.
Weekend at the Corner of Bitter and Sweet are both great movies.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed the movie True Romance. Did you know that Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed it?
Sure Family Guy is a comedy written and directed by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Peter Hyams
Sure Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed by Peter Boyle
Skyfall is a war film starring Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, he has been in several films including The Incredible Hulk and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Mark Wahlberg produced the film as well as the film Quantum of Solace.
It falls under the genre of Thriller and Drama.
I would recommend True Lies as well.
You're welcome!
Is it the book written by Charlaine Harris?
I am a huge fan of hers, too! She wrote the Shadowhunter's Shadow, which is also a very good read.
Of course, he also has written Wide Sargasso Sea and Welcome to the Monkeys.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I've heard of him. Isn't he the director who starred in The Incredible Hulk?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you are correct. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do, did you know that it was written by John Green?
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you familiar with those?
That was released in 2008
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
World War Z was released in 2004. It's a zombie movie.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? It's a romantic comedy.
You should check it out. It's a thriller as well.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes I do. I really like Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie similar to Lord of the Rings
Well there's The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it was. Michael Endean wrote the book and he also wrote the Harry Potter movies.
Mission: Impossible was written by Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire. Have you seen that one?
No problem
I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes I have it with Holden Scott and Holden Scott have you seen it?
I do like dramas. Did you know Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Social Network?
I know it was written by Ian Flemyng and Ian Flemyng
If you liked True Lies, you might also enjoy Spy Films like The Hunt for Red October or The Spy.
Yes it is! It's a comedy/drama.
He is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Jose Mourinho
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Cohelo wrote A Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos. Onze minutos was released in 1997.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he play on the Germany national football team, but I don't know much about him
The Kansas City Chiefs are a National Football League team in the National Football Conference. Are you a fan?
I'm a huge fan. I like to watch NFL movies. What about you?
The Redskins is a great team, my favorite team is the Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a book released in 1982.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki and Marshall Herskovitz.
Yuki Matsuzak also stars in the Pink Panther. Would you like to know who else starred in the film?
He's a great actor. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
Of course, Andy Garcia also starred in Jumanji, a romantic comedy film.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas, Texas, United States. The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Gary Halas McCaskey.
I haven't seen it, I've never seen it, but I love Tom Brady too!
Yes, it was a great movie! Did you know she also starred in Jerry Maguire?
I'm also a huge fan of the Hoot Brothers. I'm also a huge fan of Comedy.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
Battleship has genre Thriller, Fantasy, Adventure and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R.J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter. Are you familiar with this author?
yes Jeff VanderMeer also wrote Step Brothers
Breathing Lessons by Jeff VanderMeer was also released in 2014
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland. It is a Comedy-drama! Have you seen it?
Bill Murray was in Wild Things. He also starred in Zombieland
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Cat in the Hat.
Scarlet Letter has genre Romance and Historical Novel.
It was written in 1850.
Young adult genre book is a book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I know it was written by J.D. Salinger and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion.
If you liked romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion, Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Judd Hirsch starred in The Comedy Genre, Ghostbusters II and The Invasion.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama that was released in 2004.
Tower Heist is a drama and a comedy.
I don't have any information on the crime movie but I can tell you that he is a comedian who starred in The Shining.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, a great book in Russian is written in English. Would you like to read Russian?
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him?
Do you like Troy because Orlando Bloom starred in the fantasy film?
I do! It's a novel written by Kim Edwards. Are you a fan of Kim Edwards?
I have read The Secrets of a Fire King and The Lake of Dreams. Have you read those?
That is correct! Kim Edwards also won the Whiting Writers' Award.
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Perfect Score. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, it also stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
I don't have that information. However, The Nanny Diaries was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to check based on his books?
Yes he is. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome
You're welcome
He is a tennis player. He played in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you enjoy tennis?
I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka either. I do know he played Tennis but was in the 2012 Olympics where he's from.
Yes he has competed in the 2012 Olympics, in 2012, in the London 2012 Summer Olympics
Do you like Running with Scissors because it's a series?
A Wolf at the Table is a series of books written by Charles Dickens, based on his books he has written a lot of books. It's part of a series of books that have been turned into films as a sequel to The Table and it was released in 2007.
Yes, it is. It's a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
I don't have any similar books written by Jared Diamond.
That's a good one. It's a fictional novel. Do you like those kinds of novels?
J.R.R. Tolkien wrote it.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in My Soul to Take, which is a Horror film.
I'm not sure if Harris Yulin does, but he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Clocks.
Glad I could help!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1818.
Yes she did. It's a series of books that came out in 1999.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Graveyard Book is a series of books written by Neil Gaiman, and also falls into the category of Children's Literature.
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction
It's a speculative fiction. The genre is considered a drama and science fiction.
The Giver was released in 1997.
The Great Gatsby is a novel. Would you like other movies written by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Sure, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen any of those?
It starred Virginia Madsen, Scott Bakula, Scott Bakula, and Kevin Spacey.
It is a science fiction film based on the novel of the same name.
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know the team is coached by Mike Zimmer.
I hope they have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year
I would have to start watching the New England Patriots. Who is your favorite player?
I've never been. Have you ever been to any of his games?
Do you like it because it's an adventure movie or because it stars Harrison Ford?
John Mavericks was the director
I don't know, but I know he directed Star Wars
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller that was written Tony Gilroy
He is one of my favorite thrillers. I haven't seen him in the movie, but he was also in The Devil's Advocate.
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
The Hobbit is written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Lord of the Rings
Yes, J.R.R.R. also wrote The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings series.
Snow White and the Huntsman is adapted from a novel by John Lee Hancock. Do you like him?
No. I do not know who starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales. Do you know who produced it?
He was in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction books?
Yes, I haven't read any of those, but I do know that The Lightning Thief is a fantasy. Are you a fan of fantasy novels?
It's a Historical novel. Rick Riordan also wrote The Titan's Curse, The Lightning Thief, and The Son of Sobek, to name a few. The Lightning Thief is a series.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in the movie, Water for Elephants, The Dumb and Dumber.
She wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which was released in 1962. Have you read it?
I don't know who starred in that movie, but I know it is a Romance film.
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote the Dark Knight.
Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, he also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds
Deadpool has genre Fantasy
He is a Writer
That's correct. I really like Lebron James. What's he ?
That's cool. Thanks for the information.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Would you like other books by him, or do you like other books by him?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Are you a fan of the author or genre?
The book has a genre of young-adult fiction and Drama. Is there anything else I can help with?
It was written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever Works. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information but it is starred by Ernest Hemingway and is a comedy.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome.
I know she was in The Joy Luck Club, The Hundred Secret Senses and The Valley of Amazement
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction. Have you read it?
Yes it is. It's also a good one for you.
I love Robert Duvall. He's a great actor. Have you seen him in The Apostle?
It starred Harrison Ford and Alice Munro. Robert Duvall also directed it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Robert Duvall also wrote Ghostbusters.
Farrah Fawcett starred in The Apostle. It's a horror film.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. I know that Mark Waters directed a favorite of mine, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and Blow Out.
Tod Fennell also starred in Spiderman. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Sure! Jane Austen has written Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice, as well as Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
Paint It Black was released in 2003 and is a dystopian novel.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film. He directed Seven Samurai. Would you like to know more?
He starred in both The Three Musketeers and The Samurai. Have you seen either?
Seven Samurai starred Keanu Reeves and Akira Akira Akira Akira Akira.
I am sorry I do not have a link to the movie.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone directed by Chris Columbus.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That is correct. He also wrote The One Plus One
Muc is a horror film
It is a classic. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane is a star in the movie along with Jack Palance
You are welcome
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read them?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist.
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, have you read that one?
Yes, he did. That's a great book. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
That's correct! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm also a basketball fan.
I haven't. I've never seen them play anymore. I really like basketball movies too. Have you been to the Olympics?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Is it a drama and a comedy?
He also directed Pacific Rim and Panic Room. Have you seen either of those?
No, Hellboy is considered a comic book as well. If you like comic movies, you might like The Dead Zone.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living, and Ayn Rand. Wesley Snipes wrote Ayn Rand.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you We the Living was adapted into a film which was directed by Ayn Rand.
If I Stay is a young adult fiction written by Gayle Forman, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars
You can try When You Reach me or What My Mother Doesn't Know.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in The Little Prince, Kung Fu Hustle and The Little Prince. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he was in that too! Did you know that Seth Rogan also starred in Knocked Out?
Sure! He's been in a number of films including The Fault in Our Stars, The Children of Men, and The Children of Men.
Great! You may also like The Rules of Attraction, starring Seth Rogen as well.
Sure, it was written by james Patterson and was released in 2001. Would you like more books by him or other books by him?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is also a Fiction book. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think they are a great basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you?
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan of the San Francisco 49ers?
I'm a big fan of football. What's your favorite team?
He is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes. I like to watch the Steelers and the X-Men movies.
That's correct. Coyot Moynahan starred alongside Sarah Polley and Gisele.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. what else can i do for you today?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Tragicomedy. Does that interest you?
It was published in 1969. It's a very good Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Tony Gilroy
Blood In, Blood Out starred Shawnee Smith and Joel David Moore.
It was released in 1996.
No problem
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like movies in those genres?
The Hunger Games is a book by Suzanne Collins, starring Jennifer Lawrence. Would you like to watch that one?
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang.
Yes, it was released in the year 2013.
I am not sure, but it looks like it was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was influenced by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't heard any of them, but I haven't heard any from them since they made it to the music. Are you a big fan of them?
I'm not sure if he does, but I know that he also plays the guitar.
I'm not sure if it is a TV show but it has a genre of Drama and Comedy
Orphan Train is a novel written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Are you interested in reading it?
Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. She also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think you'd love it. Kevin Spacey wrote and produced L.A. Confidential.
I'm not sure but I know it was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was also great. J.J. Cohen also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Wrath of the Titans.
CCH Pounder is an author who wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, he did. The Mortal Instruments is written by John Scalzi and is a fantasy film.
That is correct. Would you like to watch it now?
I'm not sure about Zodiac, but it is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
I love Russel Wilson's work. He's been around for a long time. He's been around a while. Are you a fan?
Yes he does. He's also a wide receiver for Cincinnati.
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Ghost and The Sirens of Titan. Have you seen either?
Ponyo stars in the movie Ponyo. It was directed by John Leguizamo. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. It was released in 1982.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in the movie it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then I recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
LOL! It's a great movie! It stars Matt Damon.
It's a psychological thriller, with a lot of action elements. It's a great choice!
Of course! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of him but I do know he plays for the Texas Chain Saw Massacreacre.
He played for the New Orleans Saints in the Saints. Do you like football?
It would be nice if they do as well!
Sure! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's an action movie written by Bruce Willis.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's written by him.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. It is directed by Chris Weitz. Are you familiar with them?
I am not sure about that, but I know it stars Elisabeth Shue and Vincent D'Onofrio.
I sure will! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Dreama Walker are a few other films.
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict. Would you like to know more about Cory Hardrict?
Cory Hardrict starred in the Day with Cory Hardrict
You're welcome.
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 2004. It's a part of a series.
You're welcome.
Do you like movies written by Steven Spielberg, or do you like his movies?
Yes! One of my favorite Disney films is The Girl with a Pearle Earring. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you The Santa Clause is starring Anne Hathaway.
The Ender's Game is part of a series. The next in the series is Speaker of the Dead.
Yes, I am a fan of Orson Scott Card. He has written a lot of science fiction books including The Gate Thief and The Golden Compass.
Yes, you may enjoy The Silence of the Lambs or The The Golden Compass.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the sci-fi film 'The Shawshank Redemption'.
He did star in The Avengers. Did you know that he also starred in the movie?
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He has been in lots of films, including What's the Worst That Could Happen? as well as The Mask.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks is also in Forrest Gump
your welcome
I like A Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. It's a great novel. Have you read it?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great animated movie. Did you know it was released in 2013?
Yes. The Black Cat is a great movie. The sequel to A Christmas Carol is The Night Star. Have you seen that one?
Yes. Fingersmith was a great writer.
Sure. Enjoy!
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
I didn't know that. Are you a big fan of Tom Brady?
John Madden wasdrafted to the New York Giants later.
I did not know that. I will have to look it up.
I haven't read any of his books but I know Watership Down is part of a series. Would you like to hear about other books in the series?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is also speculative fiction.
Yes, it is Speculative fiction as well as Fantasy and Children's literature
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They played again in the Patriots. Are you a fan of the Titans?
Yes they have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year. Who is your favorite player?
Brad Pitt wrote The Martian Chronicles. Are you familiar with that one?
The House of Mirth is a good one. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. But I do know it was written by Brad Pitt.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen that movie yet, but I know it stars Tom Cruise and Chris Hemsworth
Do you have a favorite sci-fi movie?
Charlie Cox stars in that one. It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
I'm sure you'll love it!
Yes, 50/50 is a movie starring 50/50. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was. That's a great Sci-Fi/Horror.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in it as well.
A Walk to Remember is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
There are several writers who wrote this book called We Are Not So Smart.
Yes, it does. It's a young adult fiction book for teens. It's a good choice for you.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was written by Rodger Bumpass. I didn't know that.
Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn. I agree that he is good.
Aliens is a Sci-Fi Thriller written by Ronald Shusett. Would you like to watch it?
Volcano is a great Sci-Fi movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in that movie as well. It is a sci-fi movie.
Enjoy!
I would. Eric Stoltz wrote The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination.
He has been in Wreck-It-Ralph and The Final Destination.
Great, one of my favorites is Snatch which also stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle and The Halloween Tree.
Star Trek III: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing also starred in The Last Jedi.
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Walter Koeing. Would you like to know about the stars?
You're welcome.
Enjoy!
The Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Thrillers?
The Big Hit was written by John Grisham if you haven't seen it already.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas wrote Vicente del Bosque and Vicente del Bosque. Have you heard of either of those?
I don't know much about soccer, I prefer American Football. Are you a American Football fan?
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal but I know he was born in Spain.
I think they are doing pretty well this season but their coach is Doc Rivers. Do you like them?
I don't think so, but I know he used to play for the Brooklyn Nets.
Yes, he did.
Memento is a thriller starring Kevin Spacey, Kevin Costner, and Kevin Spacey. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
William Morgan Sheppard and Roger Rees also starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Are you familiar with these movies?
Calvin Harris is a scottish drummer, record producer, record producer, record producer, singer, and lyricist. He wrote and directed the movie Looper
Rita Ora is a Romanian artist. She competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of Adam Brown's? He was in The Hobbit series.
The Hobbit is a fantasy film also starring James Nesbitt, Aidan Turner and Adam Brown. Have you seen it?
Great, I will add that to your list. Enjoy!
Alright, enjoy!
Great, enjoy!
James Harden is a Basketball Athlete who plays point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you follow basketball?
I don't know too much about him. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, he is a good player
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull starred Shia LaBeouf, Robert Baker and Ray Winstone
Sure! Transformers also starred Shia LaBeouf.
World War Z is a different movie
your welcome
Crescendo is a speculative fiction written by Joel Coen. Do you like that genre?
She has also written Silence and Hush Hush.
Yes, she has written a number of books including Silence and Hush was released in 2010. She has a series of books as well.
Sure, The mae Runner is a thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
Young adult fiction as well as The Scorch Trials
Cool, enjoy!
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
It is a Romance film similar to Prince of Persia. If you like that, you might also like The World of Ice and Fire.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a drama and stars Meryl Streep, Amy Smart and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Jamie Lee Curtis.
I don't have any information on other movies by him.
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was Message in a Bottle was written by Nicholas Sparks.
I believe it was Nicholas Sparks the author of both The Notebook and The Notebook.
Yes Nicholas Sparks the author is Message in the blotte
He is a very well known author. He has written a lot of books including The Message in the Fate and Teardrop.
You're welcome.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Stephanie Meyers. Would you like to know more about this book?
Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is a book written by Mark Cotta Vaz. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like books by the same author, J.K. Rowling? She also wrote The Little House Collection.
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote the Crucible. Have you read it?
OK, a couple other books he wrote are The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you read either?
No problem!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty good team since they won the Super Bowl this year. Are you a fan?
Yes, they're actually a Super Bowl. The Broncos have won a few Super Bowls. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to have a good team since they've won the Super Bowl XLVII. They're a very successful team.
Lolita is a novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko
Pale Fire is a fiction novel written in 1995.
Great. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome
No, I haven't. What type of music do you like?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel. That was a good one.
No, I haven't heard of that one. Is it good?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm as well.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two?
It was released in 2014 in English. It's a book about a boy who moves to a small town and falls in love with his family during the Olympics.
Of course, if you like Autobiographies, you might like The Golden Compass or Johnny Depp.
Of course, it was released in 1961, it was actually turned into a movie as well. It was actually made into a movie with Elie Wiesel.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2005.
The Casual Vacancy was also written by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure what language the book is in. I do know that it was released in 2014.
I'm not sure. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but I can give it a shot.
I hope you enjoy it!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi Thriller written by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more recommendations based on this genre?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he plays for the France national football team
I like Basketball a lot. Who is your favorite team?
I have watched the show. I was not a big fan of Basketball, but I did catch the show when it was a comedy.
I'm not a big American TV fan but I will have to check it out
No, I haven't heard of those. I'm sorry.
Tom Berenger and Christopher Nolan star in Inception.
Correct. Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Prestige.
It was released in 2002 it is a drama/fantasy directed by Ivan Reitman.
I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you haven't seen the movie, you should check out The Incredibles. It's a Romance.
I don't have information on one of his movies, but he was also in The Fault in Our Stars which was a Comedy.
Your welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Christmas.
I am not sure of the genre, but Willow Frost was a fiction novel.
Your welcome.
I agree! Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a really good one. Vanessa Hudgens was also in The Muppets as well.
Michael Parks stars in a lot of action movies. Would you like to hear about one of them?
They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
I am not a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
It was the Boston Red Sox in the National League East division. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
He hasn't playing anything recently, but he has been following the Olympics.
That is true. Phil Mickelson is a former golfer who won the 2005 PGA Championship.
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in the sequel, Thor.
Sure, it was written by Terry Pratchett and starred Jeremy Renner, along with Jeremy Renner
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are in the NFC West.
I don't know that they moved to Arizona in New York.
I do like college football as well. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a soccer player?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I'm a big American Football fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Debora Smith also wrote .
I'm not sure. I know it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is a science fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, it is also a suspense/ Thriller.
It is written by James Patterson, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen the movie yet but I know it was written by Ian McEwan and Anthony Minghella
I'm sorry, I don't have the information on what the movie is in the Romance genre.
The Wind is a good one. I would suggest it.
I know he starred in Jurassic Park, Wrath of the Titans, and Jurassic Park.
Great, if you like horror films, you might also enjoy Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, or xXx: State of the Union.
Sure, some actors in the film are Chris Hemsworth, Bruce Willis, and Sam Elliot.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a novel written by Lisa See and it was released in 2005. Is there anything else I can help with?
It is a children's literature that was released in 1838.
It's a great one! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know too much about her. Is she a good athlete?
No, I didn't know that!
It is a Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is the same author. Have you read it?
I agree. Romeo and Juliet is a favorite. I've read the whole Romeo and Juliet, but I haven't read it personally.
Nope. I am not sure if she's the same author. I know that he wrote the original Romeo and Juliet.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he's a great singer and composer. Did you know he starred in Desperado?
Anna Kournikova was also a musician and a musician.
I agree with you. I like dance-pop. What about you?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio, which is a Sci-Fi/Action.
Yes, he was in the movie Avatar. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok I will add it to your list.
Sure, Spke Lee wrote School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons.
Yes it is! It stars Jennifer Esposito and Emma Stone. It is a a romance film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
It is a novel. Do you like novels?
The Swan Thieves is a fantasy novel. Do you like those?
Absolutely, I will send it to your computer now
Justin Rose is a famous golfer in London. He plays golf in London.
yes i love golf. what is your fav movie or tennis?
yes Venus Williams is. who is your fav tennis player?
I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
i have been there couple of times. my friend is a huge fan of the sport. do you have a favorite sport?
i have been liking Aaron Rodgers for a long time. who is your fav player?
I think they are a good team but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Cam Newton. He is the current quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings.
Who owns the Tennessee Titans?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 1958.
Yes, it was released in 1958. That was the same year The Man in Havana was released too.
He starred in Vulgar
I'm not sure, but Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men: First Class. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, he was in that film as well. He was a producer and actor in the film.
You're welcome.
The band Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Are you a fan of this band?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow also plays piano and is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow
I don't have any idea when Coldplay is touring. Do you like any other type of genre?
You're welcome.
Not really. I am more of a New England Patriots fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is a lot of fun to watch.
Oh, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Wow! Thanks for all the information.
Terry George directed the science fiction film Fair Game. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but Terry George also directed Hotel Rwanda.
Hotel Rwanda is a TV drama.
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2003. It is a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes! Beatrix has a lot of talents. She is a Writer, Screenwriter, and a screenwriter. The Tale of Peter Rabbit has a genre of Drama.
You're welcome!
Hugh Jackman wrote it. Hugh Jackman wrote it
He has also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Wolverine.
Turbo is a science fiction action film.
It is a Turbo movie as well as X-Men: First Class.
The Proposal is a romantic comedy. It's starring Sandra Bullock.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Are you familiar with his work?
Alice in Wonderland has genre Young-adult fiction. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Incredibles is a Thriller starring Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in The Incredibles
The Incredibles is a great family friendly movie. The Road to El Dorado is also a good family friendly movie.
Ratatouille also starred John Ratzenberger. Ratatouille also starred Julia Roberts.
Yes, he plays basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I'm not a big fan, I just know about it. I like to watch it from time to time. How about you?
Not much. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not much of a baseball fan. I just know about the Cubs if I'm honest.
Fight Club is a Thriller written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
She's a very talented singer. I love her song Calling You Baby. Do you have a favorite by her?
I haven't heard that one. Is she a good singer?
I'm not a huge fan of that genre, but I do know that she has a nice voice, I think I'm not a huge fan of her.
I would have to agree with that. Heavy metal is a classic.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Julia Roberts. It was released in 1994.
Sure, Shooter is starring Tate Donovan. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Shark Night is another movie written by Stephen Hunter, and stars Katharine McPhee.
Rum Diary starred Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, Sean Penn, and Nicole Kidman
You're welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
Did you know he's from Dallas?
I haven't played any golf either. I love golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not sure if it's the genre for it, but it's both the Sci-Fi and Action Film. I suggest watching it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in We Would You like to know who he is
Michel Gondry also starred in Kind Rekind Remind.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I do too! I love their song letting you know that it's one of my favorites. I love it because I love it!
Okay, I've never heard that one. I'm going to check it out.
I'm not a big fan of Michael Jackson, but I do know he was in The Wiz and The Golden Compass.
I didn't know that. Are you interested in sci-fi?
I've never seen it. I'll have to check it out
He plays for the Argentina national football team
Manchester is a popular team! Do you have a favorite team?
I love Manuel Pellegrini! He's a great player.
Shrek was written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens
Yes, it is a thriller directed by David Huntley. Do you like thrillers?
Rob Riggle and Dax Flame are two of the leading actors in that movie.
You are welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
Lea Thompson is a great actor. Lea Thompson also starred in Witch & Wizard which is a great movie.
Randy Quaid also starred in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie?
She wrote Hush Hush and Silence and Hush Hush. Have you read either?
I believe she also wrote the book Silence
Hush hush is a fantasy novel
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but I know it was written by Emily Blunt
He also wrote, directed, and produced the movie The Simpsons Movie
I don't know who starred in that movie, but I do know that Zoe Kravitz is in it
You are welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp
Rango is a drama film released in 2003. It is starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Rango is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No problem! Enjoy!
Would you like a recommendation for a movie similar to 21 Jump Street?
Ride along is a Thriller.
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any new blockbuster movies.
Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
I do as well! The Tale of the Body Thief is a young-adult fiction by Rick Riordan.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great one. It's written by David Nicholls and was released in 1974.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
It was released in 2009. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park has genre Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do! I love the same genre. She's a very talented writer.
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Would you like to have a favorite genre?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was directed by Chris Weitz, a very good actor.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read any of those?
I believe the genre is Thriller and historical fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I don't have any information on Amelie, but Isabelle is also a musician and a film producer.
You're welcome. He also directed The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
I don't know any of his recent songs. Isn't he a country pop artist?
Yes, he is. I love that song from Leesburg. How about you?
I don't know that information. I do know that he wrote the record of We Rode in Trucks.
Great actor! He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen either of those?
Viva Zapata also starred in The Young Lions. She's great in it!
I'd say it's more of a drama/fantasy. I've always enjoyed it!
Stephen Curry is a basketball player and plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like him?
Yes I am a basketball fan. How about you?
Yes, he won that award with NBA All-Rookie Team
I am not sure,LeBron is a basketball player as well
Mervryn Peake is a speculative fiction writer and he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Vladimir Nabokov has written a lot of books including The Negotiator and Jurassic Park.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Ginnifer Lewis andigi Pistilli also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
She was in the Notebook and it was a drama film.
Your welcome.
Drinks of Tea is a good one. It is a romantic comedy.
I can tell you that it was released in 2002. Would you like to watch that movie?
I know that Marc John Jefferies also starred in The Tipping Point.
Ok. I will send it to you.
I am not that familiar with that movie. It was released in 2002
The Dark Knight is a Superhero thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Dark Knight is a crime movie. Fast 2 Furious is starring Morgan Freeman.
The Mummy is a good adventure movie. It is also an action film. Have you seen it?
i dont have that information but it was written by Terry Pratchett who also won the Robert Frost Medal
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M. Montgomery wrote White Oleander and The Blue Castle. Have you read either of these?
The Blue Castle came out in 2003. It is a mystery novel.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Then you might also enjoy The Wrath of the Titans. Have you seen that one?
Jim Carrey is also in Rodanthe. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Peter Jackson wrote it?
I would also recommend The Mist and The Green Mile.
I hope you enjoy it!
David Guetta sang Night of Your Life and Love is Gone.
I do like his music. Did you know he won the award for Album of the Year?
I like one of my favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Micheal Jackson is a talented athlete who plays acoustic guitar as well as a voice actor.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh. The Interview stars James Franco. Would you like to hear about movies starring James Franco?
It is a crime Thriller and it was released in 1995
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a great day
Sure, it is a comedy starring Seth Rogen who also starred in This Is Spinal Tap.
Funny people came out in 2005. It's a great movie.
I don't have information on that, but I can tell you that he also starred in Funny People.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Paul Pogba is playing for the Chelsea F.C. Football. Are you a football fan?
Yes, they were the runner ups in the 1976 FA Cup Final
I do as well. What is your favorite team?
I actually have heard of Ryan Griggs, but I haven't heard of him. Is he a good coach?
He's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, Spike Lee directed it. He also directed the film.
Sue Monk Kidd was an American author who wrote The Polar Express which is a Romance Novel.
Carl Jung was influenced by Stephen King, did you know he is also a scientist?
Yes he is in the US. He was born in Rochester.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna.
It's a Historical novel. Are you into Historical fiction?
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I love her music! She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. What about you?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Camp Rock 2?
I haven't seen that one yet. Is it a sci-fi?
Dead to the World is a speculative fiction written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like that author?
The Dead to the World is a fiction novel. It's written by Charlaine Harris.
Of course! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a part of a series. It was released in 1996 and is in the English language.
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace is a thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
Skyfall is a fantasy action film. It was released in 2012
Stars in Skyfall include Jenna Boyd and James Bond
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football too closely to be honest. I do know that they have the talent to be coached by Mike Zimmer.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. I am not a big fan of the Minnesota Vikings. Are you a fan of the Vikings?
The Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin and Kevin Spacey. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen Unfinished Business. I know Tom Hollander also starred in it.
I do like hip hop music. Have you seen Bend It Like Beckham with Ben Stiller?
I like rock. I am a big fan of Deep Blue Sea.
I like Zipper as well. I am a huge fan of Metallica.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I can check that out. Did you know that John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars?
You are welcome.
I know it was released in 2014 and is in English. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Olivia Wilde also stars in That Thing You Do
Working Girl is a documentary starring Natasha Richardson
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man.
It's a business in the US. The Dodgers are part of the National Football League.
I'd love to! Did you know that Towers of Midnight was directed by Steve Ballmer?
No problem!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it stars Channing Tatum or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Yes, he also wrote The Young Prince. Have you seen that?
It came out in 2007. Would you like to watch that movies?
Your welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz. Have you read them?
She has a great voice. Do you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I did not know that. I know Sam & Cat was a movie also starred in Zombieland.
I don't know she is. Is she a good actress?
Yes, I believe she passed the record recently
I hope you enjoy it.
The Hobbit was released in 2003. That was the same year The Lord of the Rings was released.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Flies.
Sure! The Rock is a great thriller. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye and Star Trek. Have you seen those?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
You're correct. I'm sorry I don't have information on that.
James Rodriguez is an American footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid C.F.... Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
He plays midfielder position
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Lana Wachowski
The Golden Compass is a good sci-fi movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray.
It stars Bill Pullman and Tom Wilkinson. It's a great movie.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy. Bill Murray stars in it as well.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. are great!
The Sky Crawlers came out in 1994. The Sky Crawlers was directed by David Ayer.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003. The Sky Crawlers also stars Sam Neill, Sam Elliott, and David Oyelowo.
The Great Yokai War was written by Frank Darabont and was released in 1995.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of a series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I've never heard of her. Is she a good singer?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is it a electronic dance music?
I didn't know she was born there, but I know she is from California. Did you know she is also from the United States of America?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood is a crime fiction. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Tom Hanks, Jude Law, Paul Newman, and Dwayne Johnson.
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson. It is a comedy.
I know he produced the movie The Green Mile. Are you familiar with that?
Sure. SteveJobs is an American producer. He also wrote The Last Dragon, which is a sci-fi.
It's a Drama/Fantasy genre. Do you like drama movies?
You're welcome.
Thanks for the information!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he's also an actor who starred in The Colditz Story.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
The Ugly Truth Now has genre Psychological thriller. Jeff Kinney also wrote Flipped which is an interesting book.
It was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't think he's a good player but I think he's from Chicago too. Who's your favorite player?
I know he's with the Golden State Warriors. I don't know a lot about basketball either.
Yes, they both play in the NBA. I believe I've heard of it.
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do know that they are in the National League East and are owned by Fred Wilpon.
That is correct. Do you know who they are ?
I like the Washington Nationals. What is your favorite team?
He is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I agree! He's on the Mexico national football team right?
Oh, I love that movie too! It's one of my favorite family films!
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and starred in Van Helsing
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy is also a thriller. You might also like The Scorpion King, or The Dark Knight Rises.
It's a very different one. It's based on the true story of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a English language novel. Is that what you are looking for?
Great! I recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight, it is an Indie film starring Shirley Henderson. Have you seen it?
Then you might also enjoy the Indy and Suicide Squad. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know much about it, but I do know it is written by Frank McCourt. Are you familiar with him?
Sure, how about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Jason Bateman.
You're welcome.
Sure thing! He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed.
Revealed is a book in the genre is young adult fiction. Have you read it?
Wicked Lovely is a young adult fiction. It is part of a series.
Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Young-adult fiction. I think you would enjoy that one.
Great, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books by him?
It is a fiction genre.
I would say there is Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea. Both are considered romance.
Glad I could help!
The team is coached by Tom Brady for a while. I am not a big fan of the Patriots.
I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. They're currently playing the Patriots. Are you a Patriots fan?
He's married to Gisele Bundchen, now that's the name of his wife.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Would you like more movies written by Ben Affleck?
Its a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
It was directed by Peter Craig
Okay. Have fun
Sure, WALL-E is a series. The next in the series is The Story of Doctor Dolittle
i also like Transformers. have you seen that one?
Charlie Sheen is the main star of War of the Worlds.
I am not sure but I can give you some information on what else he directed
I think Katy Perry is a great singer and a musician. Isn't she a film producer right?
I did not know that! Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in the Greek?
Yes, I do like Russel Brand. He's a great actor. Did you know that he was also an actor?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon was also in 10 Days that he did. Have you seen that one?
I agree! Did you know Magic Mike also starred Shelley Duvall was in that movie?
Oh yes! I love Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. She's a great actress!
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on that.
I do recommend it if you haven't seen it before it's good
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class is a biographical film.
Undertow is also in the genre and it's part of a series.
The main lead lead in The Wolverine is Nicole Kidman
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zoom which is a science fiction film.
Yes, it was co-authored by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn and was written by Sean Penn.
Yes, he was a writer as well. He wrote and directed the film Into the Wild.
I hope you enjoy it!
Is it the movie written by Quentin Tarantino?
In the Heat of the Night, The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map are also in that genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of those ?
Have you read The Golden Compass?
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Welcome!
Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is also a historical novel. It's part of a series.
That came out in 1969.
I hope you enjoy it!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
There is The Assassination of J Maas and the Assassination of J Maas
You are welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, and Million Dollar Baby.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it. If you like Mark Boal, you should check it out.
Thank you for the information.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know a lot about James Rodriguez, but I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Haha I too know Shakira is from Columbia too. Who's your favorite team?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre of this movie?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You are welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I'm a huge football fan. I prefer to bowl and NFL as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I don't know much about them - I know they are the runner-up in super bowl XLVI
I'm not a huge fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer from time to time. Is he your favorite player?
I'm a huge fan of soccer, but I do like to watch the Superbowl. What sport do you like?
Yes, I agree. He was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it is a self-help book. Would you like to hear about books similar to this book?
He has also written SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes
The Best Man and The Naked Sun were also released this year
ok great. Stephen R. Covey also wrote Sense and Sensibility
It's a good movie starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family film, I would say it is an action/adventure film do you enjoy those?
That is correct he is in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, have you seen it?
Do you have a favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by John Steinbeck and released in 1975. Would you like to know who wrote it?
The Man on the Moon is a great one. Milo Forman also directed it. Have you seen it?
Yes, Prefontaine is a great one. Another great one is The Muppets. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I highly recommend The Doors and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver is a Oliver's work. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Vanishing Girls is a novel. It was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
Did you know that Tambourine is a film producer?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
I am not sure. What other sports do you like?
I am not sure but I know that he is from the United States
The Island was directed by Roberto Orci. Do you like his movies?
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past is a sci fi movie.
Tom Quirk is one of the stars in that movie, along with Moby Dick
Glad to be of help
I like him in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was a great film. Did you know it also stars Sam Worthington?
It stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale. It is a drama/romance film.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Red Pyramid was adapted into a film starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about it?
The Throne of Fire is the next in the series
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, the team is coached by lionel messi and is part of the National Football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and The Texans, do you know any?
He has written a number of great books, including Wideacre, The Wide Window, and The Wide Window. Have you read any of these?
yes it was in the English language.
Waiting for the Barbarians is a great book. Did you know it was also released in 1981?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that Kevin McHale is one of the best in the league in my opinion
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
I don't know a whole lot about basketball. I know they play in the NFC North and are owned by Steve Ballmer.
He wrote Candide.
It's in the genre of musical theatre and was released in 1964.
I have several satire recommendations. Which genre do you like?
You're welcome!
Sure, how about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a great children's book.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool. He plays for FC Liverpool in the Premiere League.
Thats correct. Will you know who won the award
I know they're coached by Jose Mourinho
Real Madrid C.F. plays for the Spain national football team.
I grew up in the US so I'm not much of a football fan. Especially soccer movies. How about you?
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
Some other fantasy books you may enjoy are The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Sure, have fun reading!
Pulp Fiction genre would be considered a thriller. Would you like to hear about that?
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure. Bringing it up.
Isn't he a player on the Argentina national football team? I don't know much about him
I don't know about that. However, I can tell you that Carlos Ruiz also wrote The Crucible.
Certainly, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
No problem
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Mets do you like?
I'm not sure, but I know they're a good team as well!
Yes. The Mets are coached by Terry Gilliam and Fred Wilpon.
The Tennessee Titans is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
He was drafted to the New Orleans Saints, but I'm not a big fan of football. Do you?
I am not a big fan of any Titans players. Are you a Titans fan?
It was written by Saulius Dagys.
She's a wonderful children's literature author. She wrote The Golden Compass, The Butterfly Effect, and The Butterfly Effect. Have you read any of those?
Trace was written by Virginia Woolf, and it has genre speculative fiction.
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Lee Hancock?
Yes, he wrote that book and it was released in 1994.
That book was written by Tim Dolin and Thomas Hardy, who also wrote Return of the native
Thomas Hardy also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray, in 1891.
It's a Non-Fiction and was released in 1891.
It's a Non-Fiction and was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom. Have you seen that?
Hugh Jackman starred in She Hate Me, which is a horror film.
You're welcome.
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Anne Hathaway also stars in Les visiteurs. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is. It's a French film.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I'm not a big golf fan either.
I haven't, but I know that he's from Northern Ireland, is from Northern Ireland.
Yup, he's a great pianist. I'm a huge fan of his. I'm a huge fan of his.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is a sci-fi movie. Would you like to know more about this genre?
It is a sci-fi adventure film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that.
Great, glad I could help!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller directed by Terri Tatchell and starring Sharlto Copley.
Great! Other thrillers that you might like include Shark Night, xXx, and Zodiac.
The Neon Demon stars Johnny Depp and is a horror movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years. Are you a fan of her?
That is correct. Do you know of any other songs from her?
Classic Rock is a classic. I like some of the songs from the 80's.
I believe it was released in 1969.
The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon and was released in 1992. Are you a fan of her work?
Fiery Cross is a great novel by Charles Dickens. It's part of a series.
Sure! He also wrote a series of books called Count of Monte Cristo. It's also a novel set in the future.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School Musical. Do either of these interest you?
Part II is a comedy. Todd Philipps wrote Old School Musical
You should watch Old School if you like comedy
I'm not much of a basketball fan. Is there anything you'd like to know about?
The Nightingale is a great book written by Christopher McQuarrie.
I haven't read that yet but I know that it is a novel. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale, which is a historical novel.
Yes, she did. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe.
He wrote a book in Spanish
Would you like me to add them to your reading list
There are many. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Up was written by Pete Docter, it is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about Up?
He's also written The Long Kiss Goodnight. Are you a fan of thrillers?
It is a drama. Are you interested in watching it?
I like Family Movies. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome.
They won the NBA All-Rookie Team in 2007 and the PGA Championship in 2007
Zak Penn was the runner up
I don't know much about Hardaway but I know he was the runner up for the NBA finals
Did you know that Renaldo Balkman was from the United States of America?
The Gunslinger is a novel written by Stephen King and was released in 1982. Would you like to hear other books by him, or do you like the author?
It was released in 1951. It is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Fight Club is a Thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Fight Club is a Crime Fiction Film, starring Zach Grenier and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Fight Club was produced by Toni Morrison
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, California. The team is coached by Randy Lerner. Do you like Football?
Oh nice. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Texans?
That's correct. I've never been there. Are they your favorite team?
I didn't know that. I'm not much of a fan of the Texans. I just know they're in the National League East division.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies. Are you interested in his work?
I don't have that information
I am not sure but I know it was released in the year 2014
Yes he also wrote The Secret Life of Bees
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1997. Saulius Dagys wrote it as well.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Magician's Nephew.
You are welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Transformers: Dark Moon.
Predators has genre Thriller and Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi Thriller directed by Veronica Roth.
You're welcome.
I haven't read the book, but I know it was written by Billie Letts
Sure. How about The Honk and Holler Opening Soon? , Where the Heart Is
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible. The Crucible is more of a drama genre
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
It is an amazing movie! It also stars Topher Grace. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not sure who is in it, but it is written by John Scalzi.
Yes! Sean Penn was in it as well.
William Hurt starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
He is an excellent actor. He starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you seen either of these?
Scarface is a crime genre. Some other films in the crime genre include The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone Baby Gone.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth, and Robert Downey Jr. just to name a few.
I am not sure but Unbreakable was written by Chris Hemsworth.
No problem
I think he's a really good basketball player but I'm not a big fan of his. Who's your favorite team?
I don't really follow soccer, but I'm more of an American Football fan. What sports do you follow?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
I don't have that, but I know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, I am a Seahawks fan. Are you a Seahawks fan?
I am a Packers fan as well. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction piece written by Charles Dickens. Do you like science fiction books?
If you liked Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. Have you read either of these?
If you liked Outlander, you might also like The Polar Express and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movies.
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know it is written by Harper Lee
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee. Are you familiar with his work?
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. It is a very good Drama.
You are welcome.
They are a soccer team, did you know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal?
Well, it's a German team based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you familiar with this team?
I believe he also played for FC Bayern Munich II.
Sure, One for the Money is a book written by Kirsten Smith. Would you like to read it?
I do not know that information but I can tell you that it was released in 1989
Yes it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes it was, it is part of the Twilight series
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington, Kristen Cloke, and Tim Allen.
She also starred in Vreck-It Ralph. Would you like to see that one?
This is the End is a comedy/drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She sure did. She also starred in a television show called The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you heard of it?
She has been in a number of movies. Would you like to hear about some of those?
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. It is a drama film. Do you enjoy that genre?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, starring Morgan Freeman?
He also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen that Sissy Spacek. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he did. He also directed the movie Fight Club. Have you heard of it?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you a fan of thrillers?
He also stars in Troy, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box and it was released in 1982. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
Yes, The Box is considered a Thriller and Drama.
Sure, The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Throne of Glass is a novel by Rick Riordan. The Assassin's Blade is a book similar to The Assassin and the Desert.
The Throne of Fire and Queen of Shadows are in the Fantasy genre.
I can recommend The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford
Sure, it is a science fiction written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2001. If you like that genre, you should check out There's Something About Mary if you like that.
I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Proposal has genre Romance and Drama. Which genre are you interested in?
She was in the Hunger Games, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote Will Grayson, Will Grayson, Wildwood Dancing and The Fault in Our Stars just to name a few.
It's genre is young adult fiction.
Enjoy!
The Story of Doctor Dolittle and The Dark Knight Rises are similar to Outlander.
Brave New World was released in 2010.
It's a fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park is a book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she did write that and Landline was released in 2012
I don't have information on that, but I can tell you that My True Love Gave to Me is a drama
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you heard of it?
Yes he did, he also starred in it. Did you know he also directed it?
Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph?
I don't know much about her other than she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sarena is phenomenal. I like Serena better than Venus. Venus has lost matches to my favorite Serena and Venus better.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is it the genre of comedy?
Sure, he directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Tom Hanks starred in the Watchmen. Would you like to know some of the actors?
Sure, it is considered a comedy and stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Sure, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse are both in the Science Fiction/Fantasy genre.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Sweet Far Thing.
Okay, then you'll like The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
Sure, there's The Golden Compass, which is next in the series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier, in 1938.
It's a novel. Do you like books written by Daphne du Maurier?
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. I am happy to help. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Florida. They are the runner-up in super bowl XLVII.
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the Denver Broncos, Inc. Do you know who the coach is?
Their coach is John Fox. Do you have a favorite football team?
I enjoy watching basketball. What is your favorite sport?
I do too! He's a great player. What is your favorite team?
Yes! Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder on Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure but I know Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder.
Yes, it is the home stadium in the United States.
Wrinkle in Time is a young-adult fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle
It's a Wind in the Door is a Speculative Fiction
Great! Xenocide is also a science fiction book.
Robert O'Brien also wrote A Wind in the Door which is a great movie.
I'm not a huge fan of him, I only know that he is from Santo Domeo. I love that song. What about you?
I like Lose Yourself. I am a big fan of that. What about you?
No I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel which was released in 1984.
You're welcome!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular American footballer in his prime.
I know they are the runner ups in the Super Bowl XLVII
That's correct. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Zombieland?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a French Crime Fiction.
Robert C. O'Brien is in Zulu. I'm not sure who stars in Zulu.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know it's written by Jay Asher and it's genre is young-adult fiction
He has also written The Future of Us.
I do, my son is a huge fan of speculative fiction. I am going to add those to my reading list.
That was originally published in 1980. I'm not sure of the name, but I know it was released in 2007.
It is a fiction novel written by Emma McLaughlin
Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read those?
Lady Susan was published in 1817. Have you read anything by her?
I hope you enjoy it!
Tony Gilroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like golf?
Michael Clayton is classified as a thriller as well as a mystery film. If you like mystery you might enjoy Treasure Planet. Have you seen those?
The Red Violin was produced by John Grisham, it also stars Matthew McConaughey and Josh Brolin
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
