Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller?
It was a great movie! It was directed by Chris Weitz, who also directed and starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Thriller and a Death Wish is a Thriller.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Thriller and Action movie as well. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2011
you're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Terry Pratchet. It is a Thriller. Do you like him?
Sarah Silverman starred in the movie There's Something About Mary, which also stars Ben Stiller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i don't have that information
yes that's correct. she also wrote The Moon and More.
you are welcome have a good day.
Sure, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is starred by Don Cheadle and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He plays for Manchester United F.C. and the India national team.
Aside from being a cricket player, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Mike Newell directed The Skulls, Inc. Have you seen that?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really like him. What's your favorite team?
No, I don't. Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
I'm more of a fan of American Football. I'm more of a fan of American Football.
I don't really know much about it, but I'm more of a fan of American Football.
I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, you are correct. Shaun of the Dead stars Simon Pegg and Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie.
I don't have that information at the moment but I do know that it was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Battleship. Have you seen that?
Wild Geese is also in the Romance genre. Would you like to know more about this genre?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I do! The Game is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I do. The Pledge is a Thriller starring Sean Penn. It is a Thriller. Do you like him?
I hope you enjoy it!
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome.
Did you know that McG is a writer, director, and director? He directed Three Days to Kill. Have you seen it?
We Are Marshall was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more titles by him?
Brian Geragtly starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Would you like recommendations for movies starring Brian Geraghty?
Yes, it is a horror film. If you like horror films, you might also like Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October.
Sure, he directed The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen either of those?
The Devil and Father is a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes, the Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Eyes of the World.
The clockwork princess is written by Katherine Heinlein, who also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
I do! Unforgiven stars Bruce Willis. It's a great movie. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Clint Eastwood was released in 1999.
The Blood of Heroes and Blade Runner was directed by David Peoples. I'm going to add both to my watch list.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Yes, Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games Triology. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madonna starred in What's Your Number?, which is a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information, but I do know she was married to Madonna. She's a singer-songwriter and actress.
I don't have that information, but I do know he starred in a lot of TV shows. I think you would like that one as well.
I think he plays cricket for the India National Cricket team.
Yes he played for them in Chennai Super Kings. He also played for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
You're welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote The Limitation of Being a Wallflower. Have you heard of it?
h. Jon. what else can i answer for you today?
Mean Girls is starring Lorne Michaels. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey wrote Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
They are a soccer team in England. Are you a fan?
Not really, I'm more of a Dodgers fan. What about you?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information at this time but it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
I don't have that information
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3
Yes, Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 and Taken 2. It's a thriller.
Enjoy!
I'm not a big football fan but I do know that they're 4th in the AFC East.
I don't think it's because it's not overreaction, I think it's because they're having a bad season but they're having a good season this year.
That's true. Aaron Rodgers is one of the most well-known teams in the NFL.
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, he is an actor who starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Wolverine. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was in that movie. Did you know that he was also a director?
That's right. He wrote The O.C., While You Were Sleeping, which is a science fiction film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the author Dean Koontz or the genre?
It was written by Odd Thomas by Dean Koontz. He's a great author.
Sure. Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fiction.
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American professional tennis player from India. Isn't she married to Nikki Minaj?
I'm not a fan of that genre. I do know that she is from France. Do you like her music?
I don't really know any similar artists, but I do know that David Guetta is a DJ and a DJ. Do you know him?
Sure, Something Borrowed is written by Emily Bronte. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, 2012 was the year that released Where We Belong. Are you a fan?
Then you might also enjoy the sequels, Where We Belong, or the sequels.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Judd is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was written by Steven Spielberg and produced by Steven Spielberg.
I don't think so, he did star in Groundhog Day. Did you know that he is an actor?
I'm not sure if he directed any other films he's directed, but he also wrote A Bug's Life, which is a comedy.
I don't have that information right now. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I believe he was a composer and song writer, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, he is
I haven't listened to them a long time ago but I do like their music a lot
Yes, he is a very talented person!
That's a great movie. Did you know there's Something About Mary is written by Frank McCourt?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard good things about it. Do you like Ben Stiller?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was released in 2008 and is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
It was written by George Orwell and released in 1945. Do you like the author or genre?
Animal Farm is also written by George Orwell. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, she is a great author. She wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple. Do you like her books?
The Temple of My Familiar was released in 1910
The Temple of My Familiar is a drama
You are welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Then you might like Catch-22. It's a mystery/thriller and also Korean.
Lady Vengeance is starring Kyla Pratt and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure, she's a great actress. She's also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment.
Woody Allen wrote a lot of great films such as The Fountainhead, The Fountainhead, and The Fountainhead. Have you heard of any of those?
I don't have that information at this time but I do know she was born in New York City.
Touch of Evil is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jurassic Park III is written by Steven Spielberg. It is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like him?
Yes, it was a Jurassic Park III film directed by Peter Buchman. It is based on his work.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World 2. He also directed Jurassic World 2.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like him?
Rickie Fowler plays golf right? I don't know much about him other than he plays golf.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in it?
The Hobbit was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
The Looking Glass Wars is written by Frank Beddor. Have you read it?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a Horror Thriller.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Then you might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a sci-fi film.
I think you'll enjoy it. It's a great movie.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
Surviving Picasso is an American nationality of the British nationality of the United States.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good football player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
That's a great movie. Did you know that she also starred in the movie The Devil Wears Prada?
That's a good one. It was a good one. It was a good movie. It was a romantic comedy.
I do! That's a great movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
Then you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It is a great movie.
Yes, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard 2.
Yes they are great films. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Alien is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
You might enjoy the sequel, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or World War Z.
It's a vampire movie that was released in 2014. It's also a part of a series.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
You might also like Zombieland, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or Zombieland.
Yes, he did. Saw III is a great sci-fi movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Alice Braga starred in The Secret of Joy and The Hobbit. Have you seen either of those?
Repo Men is written by John Logan.
Eric Garcia is an American filmmaker. He wrote The World According to Garp and The World According to Garp.
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room. Have you heard of it?
The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Sure, it was released in 1999 and is a fiction book
Yes, I do. Did you know that he was influenced by Selena Gomez?
Yes, he has a son in the 90s. He has a son in the 90s
No I haven't seen it but I've heard it's one of my favorites!
I will send you a link now.
Yes, he is an actor who starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Windtalkers is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a great movie. It's a comedy. It's also a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is one of the best football players in the world. Did you know he is from Barcelona?
I don't watch much football but I do enjoy watching the Superbowl games. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, that's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Richard B. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince are part of that movie.
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm more of a Steelers fan. Are you a fan?
That's right. Color Purple is a great sport in the NFL.
They're part of the AFC West division.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Robots of Dawn Treader.
Yes, that's correct. The Lady Elizabeth was released in 2008.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII was released in 2008
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's a good one. I'm more of a fan of that genre. Do you like that genre?
Sure, one of my favorites is X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Boston Celtics and the Boston Celtics.
I don't have that information, but I do know that the team is part of the NBA.
Yesterday's game was the final score of the Timberwolves.
Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevskysky wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
That's right. Did you know that рестуление и накаание was released in 1866?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy book. It was written by Frank Beddor.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he plays for FC Bayern Munich II and FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I do. It is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Romance film?
Sure, A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by James Dashner who also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
Sarah J Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses and A Corn of Thorns.
She also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, and A Corn of Thorns.
You're welcome!
Sure, James Cameron directed The Terminator. Have you seen that one yet?
That's right! It was released in 2010.
I don't have that information at the moment
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Madame Bovary. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You might also like The Other Boleyn Girl, The Other Boleyn Girl, and The Girl Next Door.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! Suzanne Collins wrote The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you read those?
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do like Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I think they both were better than Venus and Martina Navritalova.
I'm not sure but I know she was born in London.
Yes, Michelle Wie is an American professional golfer born in Hawaii.
That's amazing. Did you know that he won the U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links?
That's amazing! Did you know that he won the 2010 PGA Championship?
Sylvia Day wrote Three Cups of Tea. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't have that information at this time.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Year of the Flood. Have you read those?
Margaret Atwood wrote The Handmaid Tale and it was released in 2008.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Handmaid's Tale is a novel by Margaret Atwood. Would you like to know other books by her?
I do! He is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Martha Higareda starred in "Carlos" which is a thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure! Untamed: A House of Night Novel is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi: The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released Me. Me, Me, Me, Me, Me, Me, Me and Me. Me, Me, Me, Me, Me, Me and Me. Me, Me, Me, Me and Me. Me, Me and Me are all great!
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and it was released in 2014.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Godfather series. Have you read that one?
We Are Water was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Lord of the Rings: The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen those?
They are Sci-Fi and Science Fiction.
Michael Caine is the star of Neverland.
I don't have that information at this time.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote A Seperate Peace which is a young adult novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
Sure, Emma is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Sure. The Shadow Rising is another good one by Jane Austen.
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information right now.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
You might also like The Giver. The Giver is part of a series.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller?
Sure, I can download Straw Dogs.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret of Joy and The Lorax. Have you read either of those?
Sure, it is a self-help book, written by Mindy Kaling. It is a self-help book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
You're welcome!
Sure. Aylmer wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina has written аренина, аренина, and аренина. аренина is in English.
You're welcome.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Darkest Dream and The Darkest Dream.
The main star in Red Riding Hood are Matt Damon and Christian Bale. Do you like any of them?
I don't have any information on anything else she directed.
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. I believe he plays for Manchester United F.C.
He plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. Football team.
Yes, he is. I don't really know much about him.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie. Did you know he starred in A Bug's Life?
Yes, he is in the English Patient.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by Maria Semple. Do you like her work?
Yes, I Heart Huckabees was written by Maria Semple. Did you know she also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette?
I'll do that right away.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Winter's Tale and Twilight. Have you read either of those?
Torment is a Romance novel that was released in 2010. It's based on Greek Mythology. It's a Romantic Novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an author, he wrote Cars, Cars, and Cars, and Cars. He is a racing driver.
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Looking Glass. Have you seen it?
The Rum Diary and Through The Looking Glass are both great children's movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm going to add them to your queue.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that they play at FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Ryan Giggs was the current coach
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote The Good Earth which is a Speculative Fiction
Sure. She wrote a lot of thrillers, including The Running Man and The Running Man. Have you read those?
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie was written by Steve Oedekerk. David Silverman also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes! The Simpsons Movie is based on the tv series by Ian Maxtone-Graham.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan of the sport but I do know that he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really a fan of it. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Yes, he was an author. He was born in London.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He also starred in The Hunger Games, have you seen that one?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Death Cure is a Sci-Fi novel by James Dashner.
The Death Cure is written by Rebecca Wells. It is a fiction.
Yes, it was written by James Dashner and is a fiction.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Nanny Diaries.
You might also like The Women of Brewster Place. It is a romantic comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, he starred in a TV show called The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have a TV show that he starred in.
Mike Starr starred in The Assassination of Jesse Jame. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Pale Fire. Have you seen those?
Sure, Grindhouse is written by Quentin Tarantino. It's based on a novel by Quentin Tarantino. It's based on Greek Mythology
Death Proof is a Thriller about a murder which was released in 2011.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Katy Perry is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies?
John Carpenter directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Escape from New York is a great movie starring Ernest Borgnine. Ernest Borgnine also starred in The Graveyard Book. Have you seen it?
Eva from New York also starred in The Dirty Dozen.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Great! The Good Doctor is a thriller and stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
I don't really know much about her other than that she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, she is. I haven't watched much tennis but I do know her sister Serena is better than her sister Serena.
That's interesting. Did you know that Serena was born in Los Angeles?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.. I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he is a captain for the team.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
It was written by John Lee Hancock and it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Home Alone is written by Terry Pratchet, who also wrote The Alamo. Have you seen it?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You're welcome
I do! He is one of my favorite singer-songwriters. Did you know that he is from Santo Domingo is also an artist?
Yes, he writes a lot. I like that genre too. I think he is a musician too.
I haven't heard much about her but I've heard that she is a good singer.
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King movies?
He starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile
You're welcome
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Frank Beddor, who also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Yes, it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, she wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Marion ravenwood. Are you a fan of this author?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. do you like thrillers?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by David Ayer. what else can i answer for you today?
He plays for the Mumbai Indians. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
He plays for the Mumbai Indians and he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't think so, but he plays for the Pune Warriors.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians and is from Nagpur.
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1981 and Brave New World was released in 1981.
That's a good band name from that band. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Atonement is written by Christopher Nolan. It is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Christopher Hampton wrote The Nightingale and The Nightingale. Have you read those?
The Quiet American is a drama and Thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a thriller and suspense.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
The Thirteenth Floor is a thriller
The Thirteenth Floor starred Brad Pitt and Brad William Henke
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Did you like The Help because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Yes, it is. Did you know that Emma Stone starred in a lot of movies in that genre?
Yes, you are correct. Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's really good.
Yes, The Client was written by James Dashner and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Client is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Client was written by John Grisham, it is a thriller. The Firm is also a drama.
You're welcome.
I love Sergio Agüero, he is a great football player. Do you like soccer?
I know he plays as a striker but I don't know much about him
I enjoy watching a lot of football but don't know much more about soccer but I do know that he plays as a striker
Who is your favorite team?
Who is your favorite team?
I'm not a big soccer fan but I've heard they're good. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I love Soccer. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't really follow soccer, but I've heard good things about it. Do you follow it?
The Time Traveler's Wife is written by Tim Burton. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery
You're welcome
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by Jane Austen?
It was written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was written by Virginia Woolverton. Would you like to know more about this book?
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner. Would you like to know more about this book?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote it. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
No I didn't, but I did enjoy that show.
I'm more of a fan of that genre. Did you know that she was born in Los Angeles?
Sure, Alejandro Amenábar directed both The Godfather and The World According to Garp.
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Nicole Kidman. Do you like either of those actors?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madame Bovary is similar. Do you like her work?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He was also in The Fountainhead, which is a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information, but Gustave Flaubert also wrote a book called The Secret of Joy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Then you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Yes, Joseph Conrad wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, it's a very new book.
Nostromo: A Tale of the Seaboard was released in 2015.
He wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
I do not have that information at this time.
Cormac McCarthy wrote Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he wrote The Fountainhead, The Fountainhead, and The Fountainhead. Have you read any of those?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Do you like her books?
I don't have any other pieces of work listed, but if you are interested in other books by Paulo Coelho, you might also like The Girl Who Stood Up for Education.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Speculative Fiction.
Veronika Decide Morrer is also a scientist.
Yes, he plays for the Boston Celtics and the Boston Celtics.
I do. I am more of a basketball fan. Do you have a favorite sport?
I'm more of a Lakers fan. I'm more of a Lakers fan myself.
O Alquimista is written by Alan Coelho and was released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho wrote the original version of The Alchemist.
I'll do that right away.
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote The Secret of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote The Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Kami Garcia wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It's a romance novel. It was released in 2011. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Sarah J Maas starred in The Assassination of J. Maas. Have you seen it?
Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction novel that was written by Scott Westerfeld. Do you like science fiction books?
Kodi Smit-McPhee starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like Kodi's work?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Scarlett Johansson.
A.I. Artificial Intelligence has genre Thriller and Drama. If you like Drama movies you should watch it.
You are welcome have a great day!
This is the End is written by Evan Goldberg and stars Evan Goldberg. Do you like his work?
The Interview is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it's a Psychological thriller starring Evan Goldberg.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote A Clockwork Orange, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Thirteen Moons was released in 2013 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
They're not my favorite team but I've heard they're pretty good. Do you like them?
He starred in The Cowboys, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That's right! Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also wrote The Other Guys. Have you seen it?
It was written by Steve Carell, who also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure but it's a political thriller.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information at this time but I can tell you Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also wrote Pulp Fiction.
Quentin Tarantino wrote Pulp Fiction. He also wrote Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Sure, Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey, Tina Fey. She wrote Tina Fey: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, and starred in The Help, a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
That's right! Cicely Tyson also starred in Women in Love. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Inception is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Tom Hardy. Do you like the genre?
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, Star Wars was written by George Lucas and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Indiana Jones is a great movie! It was directed by Steven Spielberg, who also starred in Star Wars.
Yes, it is a Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Sure, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and it is fiction. Do you like fiction?
She wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun has a genre of Speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
She is also in the Children's Literature and Drama. Have you seen those?
That's a great movie! It was written by Steve Oedekerk, and it is a sci-fi film.
He wrote Back to the Future Part II. Have you seen it?
Great, I'll add those to your queue.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola movies?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in Apocalypse Now. She also starred in The Godfather.
Yes, that's right, he also directed The Godfather II.
Sure, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read either of those?
Have you read The Name of the Wind? It is also a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a Romance novel. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
I know that he is an athlete that plays for the Germany National Football team. Are you a fan?
Kristin Cashore wrote a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue and Bitterblue.
Sure, she wrote a few romances including Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Sure, Margery Williams Bianco also wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit was written by William Nicholson, who also wrote The Son of the Circus and The Son of Neptune.
The Giver is written by William Nicholson, who also wrote The Son of the Circus
I love Aaron Rodgers, he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers, right?
I do. I'm more of a football fan. Do you have a favorite team?
No, I haven't. I've only been to a few games since I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I've been there.
Yes, that was a great year for the team!
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Dan Brown and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller.
Yes,The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure, Dan Scanlon starred in Monsters University and Monsters University. He starred in Monsters University.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Dan Scanlon starred in Monsters University with Steve Buscemi.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Niccol Machiavelli wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
The Prince is a Biography.
Yes, the 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Mark Twain.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Did you know that he is also a musician?
I'm more of a fan of dance music but I'm more of an American fan.
I think I'll check out some of his music. Did you know he was born in Mexico City?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
Then you might also like A Christmas Carol by Truman Capote. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Stead. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and it is a biography.
It's a great book! It was written by Stephen King. It's a Thriller.
It's a great book! It was written by Billie Whitelaw and is a Thriller.
I love her music. Did you know she is friends with Selena Gomez?
I am not a fan of her music, but I do like Taylor Swift too. Did you know she was influenced by Selena Gomez
Yes, Shakira is a great singer. I also like her song Whenever, Wherever.
She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
White Squall is a Thriller. It is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Of course! Coming of Age is a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure, but I'm sure it was released in 1996.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Charles Dickens. It's considered a classic.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Marley & Me is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I'm a fan of the horror genre. Do you like that genre?
It's a horror movie starring Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp. It was released in 1999.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Throne of Fire and The Assassination of Jesse Jam. Have you seen those?
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expedables. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
The Mortal Instrument Series is Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
You might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Cassandra Clare. It's fantasy.
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Pulp Fiction. Do you like his work?
It is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert De Niro.
He's a good Athlete. Did you know that he is from China?
That's a good question. Did you know that he won the 2012 Olympics?
I don't really know much about him other than he's a professional tennis player. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Louis van Gaal plays football
Yes, he is
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the England National Cricket team.
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Morgan Freeman starred in it and Space Cowboys. It is a drama.
You're very welcome!
Florian wrote The Lives of Others, starring Ulrich Thomsen.
The Tourist is a historical period drama and The Lives of Others is an action film.
It is starred by Ulrich Tukur. It is a Romantic Comedy.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2007.
The Tourist was written by Charlize Theron. It was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they won the NBA All Rookie Award.
Yeah he's a great basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
That's a good one. I'm more of a basketball fan myself.
Jane Eyre wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Jane Eyre is also a Romance Novel by Michael Mason
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
Isn't he a basketball player? I think he's a good player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No I didn't. I know he plays for the Canadian National Basketball Association.
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Million Little Pieces and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The authoi of A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that William Goldman has written a number of films. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark.
Yes, it was released in 1600
Yes, it is part of the Winter's Tale.
Sure. I have added it to your reading list.
Yes, he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he plays as a midfielder as well.
Not really, I'm more of a fan of American Football. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Isn't he a tennis player? I think he's from Switzerland.
Basel is in the United States of America.
I do! She's a singer-songwriter, singer, singer, and singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
No I didn't. I'm not sure what she won.
That's right. Did you know that she won the award for Best Video of the Year?
Do you like Jaws because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he was. It was directed by Peter Benchley.
You're welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie was written by Frances Mayes.
Amelie is a romantic drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Rob Cohen wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
The skulls is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The skulls was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks.
It is a psychological thriller starring Craig T. Nelson, who also starred in A Bug's Life.
I don't have that information at the moment. However, I can tell you that Leslie Bibb is in the suspense genre.
You're welcome
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about football but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't really know much about football but I do know that the team is owned by Bill Bidwill
I love Linkin Park, I love Linkin Park! My favorite song of his is Whatcha Say.
Yes, he wrote Somewhere I Belong. Did you know that he is friends with Taylor Swift?
You should check out Shadows of the Day if you like.
I do like American Football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
That's true. Did they win the Super Bowl XXXXVIII? That was a great game.
Yes, the Patriots beat the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. That was a great game!
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
Then you might also like A Christmas Carol, or A Christmas Carol, written by Truman Capote.
Yes, it was. It's based on a true story.
Sure, it is a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, it is the one with the cat. It's a Thriller.
Sure, another great comedy movie is You've Got Mail. Have you seen that one yet?
They are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, I am a fan of basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I'm more of a fan of basketball.
Yes, it's a great movie! It was written by Peter Hyams and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
She is an American actress who starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
Ted was a great movie! It also starred Alonzo Mourning, who is a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Water for Elephants and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, and Robin Williams also starred in The Birdcage. Have you seen it?
No, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. It is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes! He was also in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
I would recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a Thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in The Wolverine and The Wolverine. Have you seen those?
Well, Waiting is a coming of age movie also starring Matt Damon and Will Ferrell.
You're welcome!
True Grit is written by Tim Pigott-Smith and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Matt Damon also starred in The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen those?
I don't have any information on any action movies with Matt Damon, but I can tell you that he's also a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The film Boyhood is directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that 2014 was the year that released The Manchurian Candidate was released. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and directed by Richard Linklater.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
It's a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks.
It is classified as Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, you might like The Matrix Revisited, or The Matrix.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie. It's also a sci-fi movie.
They are a professional American football team based in New Orleans. They are owned by Wayne Weaver.
They're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf, right?
That's interesting. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
The End stars Seth Rogen, Seth Rogen, and Seth Rogen.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. He also starred in The Eyes Were Watchers.
The End is a fantasy film starring Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr. Would you like to see it?
The Son of No One is also starring Mindy Kaling. It is a fantasy film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Silence of the Lambs is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like JK Rowling books?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
You might also enjoy the sequels, Titanic, or Shark Night.
Sure, Niketa Calame starred in The Lion King. Have you seen it?
Sure, if you like The Lion King, you might also like The Women of Brewster Place.
You're welcome!
Hancock is written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Drama.
Sure, have a great day!
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like him?
I don't follow much, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.. I'm a big football fan.
Not really, but i've heard they're in London.
That's a great book! It was written by Steve McQueen and stars William Nicholson. Have you seen it?
I like contemporary R & B but I'm more of a K-pop boy band. How about you?
I'm more of a fan of theirs, but I'm more of a fan of theirs. They're in the AFC South division.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in Seoul, right?
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Wild Bill. Have you seen any of those?
Kevin Zegers is another star in that movie.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign has genre Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a drama or Thriller?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Alejandro Amenábar is an author who wrote The Namesake and The Merchant of Venice.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Alejandro Amenábar.
Yes, he has starred in many films, including The Secret Life of Beedle the Bar and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
Yes, Epatha Merkerson starred in The Pathfinder and The Three Musketeers.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a science fiction film.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama. The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama. The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is also a drama. The Six Wives is a drama.
Steven D. Levitt is an American author who wrote The Levitator and The Merchant of Venice. Do you like his books?
That's a good read! Did you know that Stephen J. Dubner also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is in the suspense genre?
I haven't read any of his books, but I know he is from New York. Have you read any of his books?
That's a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
Edgar Wright wrote The Gates of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, you're right. Did you know that he was also a writer and an actor?
Yes, Coldplay is a band based in London. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington
I haven't seen any other music by him but I do know that he is also an actor
Laini Taylor wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2010 and is a fantasy novel.
It was released in 2014. It's an interesting read.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Oakland Raiders of the Oakland Raiders. Do you like him?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I haven't seen it either. I'm more of a basketball fan myself. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Quentin Tarantino starred in Ventin Tarantino. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
It was written by Rhett Reese. It is a Thriller.
Sure, Grindhouse is a thriller. It was released in 2011.
Do you like Big Fish because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
I don't have any more information on Kenny Ortega. However, he directed High School Musical 2, Windtalkers.
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or High School Musical.
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Sure, Zambezia also starred Robert Patton Oswalt, who also starred in The Voyage Home.
It's a Thriller, Drama, Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Yes, the Nets are a basketball team based in New York City.
That's a great movie! It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like action movies you'll like The Running Man or The Running Man.
It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie based on the true story of a father playing a cowboy. It's a great movie
PS, I Love You was written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Secret Life of Bee Bees.
Yes, Voyager is a Romance novel. Would you like to know other Romance novels?
Yes, it is.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I do know she is an athlete who plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I don't follow it, but I do follow Serena Williams sisters. She is from India.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I haven't seen that one yet. I haven't seen that one yet.
Al Pacino starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and High School Musical. Have you seen any of those?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen.
She wrote The Shadows of Olympus. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you know any of her songs?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, that was the year that released that song
You're welcome!
I do, he starred in a lot of movies. Did you know that he is also an actor?
Yes, that is a great crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes. Mark Boal also starred in The Bourne Ultimatum.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys. Have you seen those movies?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy-drama film that was released in 1999.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a teen film and Bruce McCulloch also starred in The Other Guys, which is a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Waltz: The World According to Garp. Have you heard of it?
Water for Elephants is a Spectre Thriller. It's a Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne and stars Christian Bale. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was. Leo wrote the movie, Boyhood.
I don't have that information. However, Leo was also a writer and a screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Social Network was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Bieber and Justin Timberlake. It is a Social Network.
It was written by Social Network. Did you know it was based on a book by Justin Timberlake?
Sure, Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network, which is a biographical film
You are welcome.
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote the book David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling is an author of many books. One of my favorites is The Devil's Advocate. Have you read that one?
I'm going to add it to my reading list. I'm going to add it to my reading list.
John Carpenter directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Carpenter and stars Tom Hanks. It is a science fiction film.
I'll add that one to my watch list.
Escape from New York is a drama/mystery.
Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien, who also wrote The Fellowship of the Ring.
Women in Love was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and Lord of the Rings.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen that?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you heard of that one?
Inception, Blade Runner, Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie.
A Wind in the Door is written by Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
A Wind in the Door is a good one. Have you read it?
Yes, The Chocolate War was written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote A Wind in the Door.
A Wind in the Door is a good one. It's part of the series.
I'm not sure, but it's similar to A Wind in the Door.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in the Mumbai Indians. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like drama?
It was released in 2011.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit series. Have you seen it?
Aidan Turner starred in the Hobbit. She also starred in The Hobbit.
It's a Historical period drama
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie
The Golden Compass was directed by Steven Spielberg
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. Do you like the author or genre?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is also Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and it was released in 1994.
Yes, it was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes, she did. She also wrote, The Secret History.
Yes. Dinna Tartt is from New York. She was born in New York.
You are welcome.
Me Before You is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote Brides of God. Have you read that?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure but it's a Romance genre.
I'm going to add that to your watch list.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that?
It's a fiction novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Tim Miller starred in the movie Deadpool. Have you heard of it?
The Goon is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
The Goon is a great movie he also starred in The Men Who stare at Goon and Black Hat
You're welcome!
Pan's Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is an English movie.
Pan's Labyrinth is written by Guillermo del Toro. It's a Spanish movie.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide.
Kate Nelligan starred in The Water is Wide and George Carlin also starred Kate Nelligan.
Yes that's correct. Michael York also wrote The Water is Wide and The Virgin Suicides.
Yes, I do. It was written by Fred Fredric Mugler and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read that yet, but I do know it was released in 1999.
Yes, I do. The Godfather Part II is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Robert Duvall is a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in The Godfather II?
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote the book Into the Wild and starred in Sean Penn. Have you seen it?
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn and Sean Penn also stars in True Grit. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great tennis player. Did you know that he is from Williams?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
Sure, The Miserables is a Romantic Comedy, one of the most popular ones is The Miserables, have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
I think he's one of my favorite artists of all time. I like him as well. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I don't know too much about her but I do know that she was born in Honolulu.
I don't have a favorite song from her. I'm more of a fan of hers.
I'm sure you'll like it!
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that it is a German sports club based in Munich, Germany.
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
I am not sure but I do know that he is from Munich.
The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner and The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
The Scorch Trials is written by John Green
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The God of Small Things, The Little Friend, and The God of Small Things.
It is speculative fiction and science fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes,It was adapted into a film starring Tom Hanks.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his books?
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a speculative fiction.
i'm sorry I don't have that information
She wrote Dracula. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called  [Z no shmetsu].
You're welcome.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
The Looking Glass Wars is written by Frank Beddor. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I think they are a good team but I'm not a fan of the National Football League. Do you like the National Football League?
Not really a fan of the Texans. I'm more of a fan of the Texans.
Jerry Jones owns the Houston Texans but he also owns the Houston Texans.
Yes, he starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It was written by Emily Bronte. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but I do know Saffron Burrows was released in 2014.
It was written by Emily Bronte and released in 1998. It is a Thriller/Drama.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2001.
It was released in 1931. Another Historical period drama you might like is The Waves.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is a very talented tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is dating Serena Williams.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that she won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he plays for the India National Cricket team.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it is a para chocolate book.
You're welcome.
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Avengers was written by Scarlett Johansson and stars Scarlett Johansson and Scarlett Johansson.
Yes he wrote X-Men 2 and he wrote X-Men 2
I don't have that information
You're welcome!
Crazy, Stupid Love was written by Dan Brown. Did you like it because it was written by Dan Brown?
Then you might enjoy The Gosling, which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Bernie Wrightson wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Selfish Gene.
He is an American born in England. He was born in London.
The Dead Zone is a speculative fiction and science fiction.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
Do you like the movie because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne, which is a Romantic Comedy. Would you like to watch it?
Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do was released in 1996, the same year that The Simpsons Movie was released.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it's a mystery. Do you like that genre?
It does star Pierre Perrier. It's a mystery.
I don't really like them much but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. How about you?
The Seahawks is a part of the National Football League in the AFC West division.
Yes, the stadium is too loud. The Seahawks are not too loud.
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli and was released in 2010.
Yes, he wrote Young-adult fiction: Young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't really know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like him?
That's right. I don't think so, but he won a PGA Championship.
Well, Federer is better than Rafael Nadal. I'm more of a tennis fan.
Mary GrandPre is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and she also wrote What Alice Forgot. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2011.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I do enjoy watching them from time to time.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite team?
I don't have a feeling that they are having a good season but they have a good season
I don't really know much about him but I do know he's a coach too.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you like?
X-Men 2 is written by Stan Lee. Would you like to know more about that?
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. It is a Thriller.
Sure, she wrote The Hiding Place and God's Smuggler. Have you read either of those?
The Hiding Place is a self-help book. It's part of a series.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, and The Polar Express. Have you seen any of those?
You might also like the movie "Wet Hot American Summer", which is a Romantic Comedy.
You might also like the movie "Wet Hot American Summer" if you like.
You're welcome!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen either?
I don't have that information, but Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie.
Yes, Channing Tatum was in White House Down.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I'll add it to your queue.
Yes, she was in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
You might like World War Z. It is also a sci-fi movie, have you seen it?
Zombieland is starring Jack Black, who also starred in X-Men 2.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2007.
Sure, Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days in the Woods. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Last Days of Dogtown is also a great read.
You're welcome!
Sure, A Little Princess is a children's book written by William Nicholson. Do you like children's books?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, a couple of good Speculative fiction books are Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation. Have you read those?
Sure, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway books?
You might also like A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms have written by Ernest Hemingway, which is also
To Have and Have Not is written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance film.
Groundhog Day is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It has a great cast consisting of Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, Jeff Garlin, Jeff Garlin, Jeff Garlin.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, I love Linkin Park! My favorite song of his is Whatcha Say.
Sure, The Green Lantern is written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Stephen King movies?
The Walking Dead and The Invisible Man are both great Sci-Fi movies.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sure, Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Confessions of a Vengeance, The Confessions of a Vengeance, and The Confessions of a Vengeance.
Micmacs doesn't appear so, but Yolande Moreau starred in White Oleander. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he is a comedian.
You are welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gaiman books?
The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman.
You're welcome.
No Country for Old Men is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Hunger Games. Would you like to hear more about that?
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information.
Do you like the Dictator because it is a sci-fi movie?
Charlie Wilson's War is a drama starring Tom Hanks. It's a psychological thriller.
Yes, it is a spy genre.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jodi Picoult. Are you a fan?
Sure, Jojo Mojo also wrote The One Plus One, which was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Royal Tenenbaums and The Three Musketeers.
Yes, the three Musketeers was written by Robert Dumas and is considered a classic.
The Count of Monte Cristo was released in 1844, the same year that The Three Musketeers was released. Would you like to know more about this novel?
You're welcome.
Sure. Mark Haddon wrote The Little Friend and The Handmaid's Tale. Have you read those?
Yes, that's a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Yes that is a great movie. Peter Capaldi also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
I don't have a sequel, but The Great Gilly Hopkins is in the genre Children's Literature.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Then you might also like Catch-22. It's also a thriller.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Have you read those?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
The Matrix Reloaded was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Great! Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of those songs?
Yes, she did. Did you know she won the MTV Music Video Music Award for Best Chorography?
Yes she is on the bucket list as well. She is from Australia.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
I like romance. I'm more of a fan of hers. She's a great actress.
Yes, you're right. It's also a Romance film.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Yes, it was also written by Richelle Mead and it is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
It was written by Richelle Mead and it was released in 2011.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon also wrote it and it was released in 2008.
Mission: Impossible is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a Fantasy movie?
Sure, The Lego Movie was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed and produced The Lego Movie. Do you like him?
Yes, he has starred in The Lego Movie and The Lego Movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in The Valley of Horses and The Devil's Advocate.
Ted Danson is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Subtle Knife and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1818, the same year as The Return of the King.
Yes, they were written in English. The Modern Prometheus is in English.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I don't have that information, but Gustave Flaubert also wrote The Secret of Joy.
Yes, she did. Did you know that she was influenced by William Shakespeare?
I am not a big fan but I do know that they are coached by John Fox. Do you like Football?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about sports but I do know that it is a sports movie.
Yes, Toy Story is written by Toy Story and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3 are a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I am not sure, but it is a great movie!
Sure, I will send it to you. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't really watch it either. I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really watch it either.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Blade Runner stars Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2014.
William Sanderson starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to hear more about those?
It's very entertaining! It's also a great movie!
Bood Diamond is a Thriller starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Are you a fan?
That's a great movie! It was written by Stephen Collins and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
I'd recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Titanic."
James Nesbitt starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: the
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and starred Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his movies?
Well, Kurt Wimmer also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
I like psychological thrillers, like Wicked Lovely, and Wicked Lovely. Have you seen any of those?
Do you like the fifth element because it is a Thriller or because it is an action movie?
If you like Science Fiction you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of hers. Did you know she starred in The Pursuit of Happyness?
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know that she has a very good voice. One of my favorites is Rhythm and Blues and Blues.
Yes, Lady Gaga is a great actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
It was released in 2002. It's a Romance novel.
I don't have that information at this time. But, I'm sorry.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown. Have you read those?
Its fiction
Anita Diamant has written a number of books including The Red Tent and The Last Days of Future Past.
You're welcome
Sure, The Untouchables is a Thriller similar to The Untouchables, which is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Untouchables is a drama. Another mafia movie is Untouchables. Have you seen it?
The Godfather trilogy is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a drama.
It's a great movie! It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know that it was written by Natalie Portman?
I don't have that information but I do know it was released 2012
Yes, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is based on the book.
You're welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote The Power of Habit. Have you read that?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction as well as Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
It was written by J.K. Rowling. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Do you like her work?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
It's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure, Kristin Cashore wrote a few novels including Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of those?
Yes,It is considered a Romance novel
Yes, Voyager is written by Lauren Oliver
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote The Search and it was released in 1943. Do you like her work?
I have not read that yet but I know it was released in 1926.
Yes it was in English
I'm a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. Isn't he a midfielder?
I'm more of an American Football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan myself.
I'm more of a fan of American Football. I'm more of a fan of American Football.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it, but I know it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, David Fincher directed The World According to Garp, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, Embeth starred in a few films. Embeth starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Tenant of Wildfell Hall.
Kevin McNally is also in Shackleton.
I don't have that information but Kevin McNally starred in Shackleton.
William Goldman starred in The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy.
He wrote The Chronicles of Narnia and The Chronicles of Narnia.
Yes, he writes thrillers and dramas. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind. Have you read either of those?
I haven't read any of them but I do know that it was released in 2011 and is written by Sebastian Schipper.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Stan Lee. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is married to Emma Stone right?
Yes, Rashida Jones did star in The Social Network as well as The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe wrote a book called Things Fall Apart.
Then you'll like Without Fail by Chinua Achebe. It's a fiction.
No I haven't seen it but I've heard great reviews about it.
You are welcome have a great day!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Pulp Fiction. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in it.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie, Tuesday with Morrie
Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven
Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven are also non fiction books
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen that?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
I love that Weekend. I really like it because it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're right! Is there anything I can help with?
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence is a great song too.
Yes, it is a great book written by John Grisham. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Some other thrillers you may enjoy include The Firm, The Firm, and The Firm.
The Brethren was released in 1995. It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes. The Vanished Man is written in English and is in English.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like children's books?
The Cat in the Hat, The Cat in the Hat, The Cat in the Hat, and The Cat in the Hat.
Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are both great books.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like him too. Did you know he starred in The Voice?
I do like his music. Did you know that Maroon 5 is influenced by Adam Levine?
I do. I like The X Factor because it is a comedy.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Battleship.
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read any of these?
You might also like A Midsummer Night's Dream or A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that?
Yes, it also stars in the bobby
I am not sure but i know it was released in 1998
i dont have information about that
You're welcome
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. That's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but I do know that he was influenced by Richard Linklater.
Yes, it is considered children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson stars in a lot of great films. It's a Romantic Comedy. It's also a Romantic Comedy.
She's also starred in the films We Bought a Zoo, and The Prestige. Have you seen those?
That's a great movie! It's also a drama.
That's a great movie! It was released in 2014.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like him?
Yes, Uma Thurman starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and 2. She's a great actress.
Yes, he starred in it as well.
I'm not a fan of the Tennessee Titans but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about him, but I do know he was influenced by Tom Brady.
I didn't realize he was alive, but I do know that he was influenced by William Weaver. He was born in Chicago.
Robert Duvall starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Have you seen it?
The Apostle was written by Terry Pratchet, who also starred in The Apostle.
Christina Perri is an American singer-songwriter, songwriter, and musician. She starred in A Thousand Years and Lovestrong. Are you a fan?
yes she plays the guitar. do you like her?
Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years is written by Steven Spielberg do you like him?
i hope you have a good day
I love Justin Timberlake. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I haven't heard that one yet, but I do know that he won a Grammy for Best Male Video.
I've never heard of that one. Is it a drama/mystery?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by JRR Tolkien and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Sean Bean starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Yes, Christopher Lee starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more books by him?
The Battle of Labyrinth is part of the series The Titan's Curse.
Then you might like The Sea of Monsters and The Sea of Monsters.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is based on a true story of a father dealing with the Nazis. He also directed The Simpsons Movie.
You might also like The Simpsons Movie. It was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked which is speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, Wicked is a play.
Yes. Jennifer L. Armentrout starred in Wicked. She's also a musician.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mhari Calvery wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York
I don't have that information, but I do know Mhari Calvery starred in Braveheart.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. David Mitchell wrote The Silmarillion. Have you heard of it?
The Bone Clocks was written in English and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bone Clocks was written in English and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie! It stars Seth Rogen, Nick Cassavetes, Nick Cassavetes and Nick Cassavetes.
He also starred in The Devil's Advocate, which is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet was written by William Shakespeare.
Elysium is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that movie?
I'm not a fan of Sci-Fi, but it's Science Fiction. Do you like this genre?
No I haven't seen it. I'm not sure if it's good to watch.
There's also Interstellar, Gravity and Inception.
You're welcome!
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. But I know he's a singer-songwriter too.
Yes, it was a popular single from 2017.
I don't know if I'm more a fan of hers. I'm more of a fan of hers.
I'm more of a fan of the band. I'm more of a fan of theirs.
He wrote рестуление инакаание and рестуление инакаание.
It was released in 1926
The genre is fiction
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazilian national football team.
I don't know anything else about him, but I know he was born in Nagpur.
I'm not sure, but I know she's from Honolulu.
Cao Chi is an author who wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It's a very good movie. It was written by John Green. It's a biographical film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! I love the song You Need Me, I Don't Need You. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more books by her?
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1997.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 1997.
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen those?
The Pacifier is a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime movie?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Seu Jorge and is a drama.
Yes, he also starred in The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Robinson.
Sure, Jay Asher wrote The Future of Us. Have you heard of it?
The Short Second of Life is written by Jay Asher and also falls under the genre Young-adult fiction.
You might also like The Short Second of Life by Jay Asher. It is a great book.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2009.
City of Lost Souls was released 2011.
You Are Not So Smart was written by David Fincher.
The Historian is written by S.S. Lewis and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like suspense, you'll like Without Fail. It's written by John Green.
Without Fail is a thriller. It was released in 2012. It is starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like him?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Book Thief is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a drama.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it.
You're welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes she did, she also starred in the movie A Waste of Shame.
The Brothers Grimm also wrote The Hunger Games, have you seen that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Markus Zusak. It is a speculative fiction.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's part of a series. The next book in the series is The Lightning Thief. Have you read that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really like that song, but I do like it. Did you know that he starred in The Weeknd?
Yes, she starred in The Muppets, along with Selena Gomez.
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in The Muppets?
Yes, I do. Did you know that she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, I love Will Smith! He starred in it as well.
Yes, Michael Ealy starred in that movie as well.
bu James L. Brooks wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you seen that one?
Then you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Yes Man was written by James L. Brooks, who also wrote The Girl Next Door, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Evan Goldberg is an American filmmaker, director, and director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Emma Watson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Looking Glass Wars, have you seen that?
You're welcome enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avil starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
The Karate Kid is a great martial arts film. There is a sequel called The Sun Also Rises. Have you seen it?
The Last Dragon is starred by John G. Avil. It is a martial arts film.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or genre?
The Queen of Attolia is a war film
The Looking Glass Wars is a similar movie
I don't have that information at the moment
Yes, that is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M Auel, who also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read either of those?
The Shelters of Stone is a fantasy novel that was released in 1981.
Zoe's Tale is a great book! It was written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and High School Musical. Have you seen any of those?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jamie Kennedy and it is a Thriller.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Women of Brewster Place and The World's End.
Yes, it is a great movie!
Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer who plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, he is a good athlete. Did you know he won the 2006 Open Championship?
I do, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Bill Murray starred in Space Jam?
That was a great movie. Did you know that Ivan Reitman starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. They're 4th in their division right now. Do you like them?
Sure, The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Lightning Theif is a Speculative Fiction.
The Lightning Lightning is written by Rick Riordan. The Sea of Monsters is also written by him
F. Scott Fitzgerald is an American novelist, critic, and columnist. Have you read any of his other books?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1926.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Side of Paradise and The Last Man in Rome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Robin Cook is an American novelist, critic, essayist, essayist, and columnist.
You're welcome.
You might like Ratatouille. It's a great movie. It was directed by Chris Weitz.
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes,It is a biography
Sure, Jeremy Tambling has written a number of books including The Handmaid's Tale and The Handmaid's Tale
Sure, he wrote Never Let Me Go. Have you heard that one?
Yes, it's a great song by him. Did you know that he won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
I don't think I've heard a song by him, but I'm a fan of his.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Siddhartha because it is written by Hilda Rosner or because it is a speculative fiction?
The Thief of Always was written by William Nicholson. It is a young-adult fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might also enjoy The Two Towers or The Two Towers.
He is a great actor. He was born in London. He was also a teacher.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a series by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Secret of Joy and The Invisible Man. Have you read those?
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel. Would you like to read it?
The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like her work?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, I love his music! He is one of my favorite singer-songwriters. Did you know that he is a musician?
Yes, I like her fathers music too. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, I do. She is a great singer.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Jungle Book. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, all my Sons is a drama
You might also like The Invisible Man, which is also drama
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and The Women of Brewster Place.
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
He has also starred in The Casual Vacancy which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Joseph Heller wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. The Universe in a Nutshell is a great book.
Yes, I can. You may also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy, it is a Historical novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
It is a great movie. It also starred Peter Pan and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by JK Rowling. Do you like JK Rowling's work?
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Liars. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it is in English. Have you read any of the books in English?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Interstellar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen this one yet?
It's a sci-fi movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like sci-fi, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie.
I do! I like his song We Rode in Trucks. Are you a fan?
I don't know, but I do know that Luke Bryan is a singer-songwriter. I don't know what genre of music is.
I'm not sure. I don't really know if it's a pop genre. I'm not sure if I've heard this song.
Sure, Kurt Wimmer starred in Water for Elephants and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen those?
Then you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Great! Emily Watson starred in a lot of action genre movies. I think you'll enjoy it. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Sidney Lumet is an American professional boxer based in London, USA. She is an American professional boxer who plays as a musician and athlete.
I don't have that information
Crime is a crime fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Selection is written by Kiera Cass. She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Siren. Have you read those?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day!
Richard Linklater directed The Three Musketeers and The Three Musketeers. Have you seen those?
Yes, Waking Life is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
You're welcome.
Yes, Rich Moore directed The Walking Dead series. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
You might also like Paper Towns.
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But if you like Indie films you should check out The Invisible Man and The Hunting.
Yes, you're right! Did you know that Keanu Reeves also starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
You might also like The Fountainhead, which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
David Sedaris wrote The Devil Wears Prada and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read either of those?
He is an author who wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you heard of that one?
Flannery O'Connor was influenced by William Steig. He was influenced by William Steig. Do you like his work?
It was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker. He wrote The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate. Have you read either of those?
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons is written by John Green. He also wrote Thirteen Moons.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a great boy band. Did you know they are a K-pop boy band?
I'm a fan of theirs, but I'm more of a fan of theirs. I'm more of a fan.
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins and in Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is a fiction book.
Yes, he wrote a lot of books. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is an American novelist and poet.
I know he's a professional golfer from China. I don't know much about him other than he plays for the China National Football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 is written by Mooyaart-Doubleday.
It's in English and English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote The Secret of Joy, which was released in 1944.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi. Do you like his work?
Goodfellas is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert De Niro starred in The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate.
What Just Happened is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a comedy?
What Lies Beneath is a movie starring Beneath and Kate Beckinsale. Would you like to see it?
What Lies Beneath was released in 2009.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
They are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like them?
I do. I watch it from time to time. Do you have a favorite team?
I do. I'm more of a Lakers fan myself.
Yes, he's a great player. He won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, I do. Ed Stoppard starred in The Pianist and The Proposal. Have you seen either?
Yes it is a great movie starring Jason Statham. Would you like to see it?
Simon West also directed The Mists of Avalon which is a great movie
Natalie Babbitt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Children's Literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, it is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is written by Stephen Chbosky. He also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
Roland Emmerich wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower and also wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen those?
Yes, that's right. Did you know that Tom McCarthy starred in the movie 2012?
You're welcome!
Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Gravity was released in 2009. Alfonso Cuarón was a star in Gravity, released in 2010.
Gravity was released in 2013. Alfonso Cuarón was the director of Gravity.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the Oakland Raiders, but I do know that they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
That's a great place to visit. Did you know Oakland is a sports venue?
I'm more of an American Football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan myself.
The prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson and Christian Bale
Rebecca Hall starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller. It is a war novel. Do you like war books?
Yes, it is a war novel.
I would recommend the book Catch-22. It is written by Joseph Heller.
You're welcome!
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you read those?
It is a romance novel that was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is. It is also a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That is correct. Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Lasseter directed The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
Toy Story 2 was released in 2004.
I don't have that information, but John Lasseter also wrote Cars 2 and Cars 2.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like him?
She starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he is very talented. I think you will enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about the team but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, it was written by Terry Pratchet. Do you like her work?
Yes, Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchet
You might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Terry Pratchett
He is on the Golden State Warriors. He plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure but I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure, but he is a basketball player
You're welcome!
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Silence of the Lambs.
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs and Ted Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
You might also enjoy the sequels to The Juror, if you haven't seen it already.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the Transformers. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in that movie as well.
Sure, I can recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or World War Z.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan.
I'm not sure but I believe it was released in 1999.
Hush, Hush is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Hobbit. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a series
Yes, it is a Romance novel
You're welcome!
You as well!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you like him?
That's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
I haven't seen it but I've been meaning to watch it all the time.
I'm not a big fan of the team but I've heard they're good. Do you watch the Super Bowl?
I don't really follow football much but I do know that the team is owned by David Nicholls.
They're not doing well enough enough to make the playoffs. They're not doing well enough enough to make the playoffs.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1989 and was written in English. It is a great read.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. She is a singer. She is from Constanta. Do you like her?
Yes, she was in a science fiction film called The Giver.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes, it is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
John Green also wrote When the Wind Blows, which is a fiction book.
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Would you like to know more about this book?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Truman Capote starred in Truman Capote. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote.
I have not seen it. It was written by Truman Capote. You should check it out.
I do! Nathan Greno starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
It was a great movie! Mandymoore was in it. Did you know he is also a musician?
Sure, you might also like The Mandymoore. It is a great family film.
Yes, you are correct! Tim Allen starred in Toy Story. He also starred in it.
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
The Goonies was written by Steven Speilberg and starred Robin Williams. He also wrote A.E. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
A Beautiful Mind starred Christian Bale and Christian Bale. It is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Godfather Part III is starring Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando. Are you a fan?
The Scent of a Woman is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Godfather Part II.
Yes, Joe Mantegna starred in The Godfather Part III. He also starred in The People Speak.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Witless Protection is a drama. It also starred Al Pacino.
Sure! Witless Protection is a thriller and also stars Anthony Heald.
Witless Protection is starring Al Pacino and the Dragon Tattoo is a crime movie.
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer? I don't know much about her. Is she a singer?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a singer like Selena Gomez
I don't know, but I know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. Did you know that there is a movie about Linkin Park?
I'm more of a fan of their music but I'm more of a fan of theirs. How about you?
I'm not a fan of their music but I'm a fan of their music. I'm more of a fan of theirs.
Craig T. Nelson starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen it?
Pete Doctor also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Craig T. Nelson starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. He also starred in The Incredibles.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was in The Family Stone. Would you like to know more about The Family Stone?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton starred in The Family Stone.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. She also wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a novel that was published in 1981.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Michael Jackson starred in Water for Elephants which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a very popular song of his. It's about a man who is influenced by William Shakespeare.
That's right! It's a great movie. It's about the whale. It's a great movie.
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe is written by Niccolo Machiavelli. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a good book. It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
It was released in 1513 and written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
I think he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple. Have you read either of those?
The Color Purple was released in 2011 and the genre is Children's Literature
I'm not sure, but it's Musical.
It was written by Christo Jivkov. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It has a genre of Psychological thriller, do you like those genres?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I think he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and FC Barcelona. Do you like him?
Real Madrid is a great place to visit. Do you have a favorite team?
I am more of a fan of the Manchester United F.C. team.
The Scarlet Letter is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
John Irving wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Children's Literature novel.
It was released in 1995. It's a Historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, F. Gary Gray is an American filmmaker, director, producer, and director. He directed The Wildest Dream. Have you heard of it?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. Did you see it? It's a great movie.
It is an animation film that also stars Jada Pinkett Smith. It is an animation film.
Sure. I'll add it now.
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it is a Thriller?
The Fight Club is a drama/mystery movie starring Matt Damon. It is a Thriller.
I don't know a comedy but it's similar to The Fight Club.
Yes, Brad Pitt is a great actor, he starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Theory of Everything is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Theory of Everything is written by Simon McBurney. Simon McBurney also starred in The People You Meet in Heaven. It is a Romantic Film.
It is considered a Romantic film. It also stars Emily Watson. Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
It is a popular sport in the U.S. I am not a huge fan of sports but I do know that it is based in India.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I think he is a good coach, but I don't really know much about him
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. But if you like Louis Sachar, you should check out the book When You Reach Me.
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. I think you'll enjoy it.
I think he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure but I do know that he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
The Warriors is a basketball movie. I would recommend watching it if you like.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Ethan Suplee starred in Ethan Suplee. Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. Have you seen it?
Sure! Vulgar is a thriller starring Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, and Kevin Smith. It is a comedy.
Vulgar is an American film based on a novel that was written and directed by Steven Spielberg and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Sure. Kevin Smith is an American filmmaker, director, producer, and director. He is a director, director, and director. He was a director and a director.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that it's a German sports club based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
I haven't heard much about soccer but I heard it's a good one. I'm more of a football fan.
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy Wizard's First Rule. It is a fantasy book.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know if he's written any fiction novels but I do know he was influenced by Charles Dickens and William Steig.
Down and Out in Paris has genre Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, he plays for the Carolina Panthers and the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is an American football team based in Boston, Massachusetts. Wes Welker coached the Boston Celtics and the Boston Red Sox.
Yes, I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's on the New England Patriots. I'm a fan of his.
I don't really know much about him other than he's a boxer. Do you like him?
That's what I've heard, right?
Yes, he was also a boxer.
Sure, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The Time Machine.
It was written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction.
The Time Machine is a science fiction book.
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. He also wrote The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen that?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor. Have you seen it?
It's a romance film that was released in 2010. It's part of the Twilight series.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Andrew Garfield starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Emma Stone won the Academy Award for Best Picture of the Year.
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are How to Win Friends and Influence People.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one.
Yes, he wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Jack Reacher is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. It is a Thriller.
Yes, Jack Reacher is a Thriller. Other Thrillers include X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he is one of my favorite artists, he's one of my favorite artists. Have you heard of him?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Ziggy Marley is from Chicago?
I will play some of his songs. Do you know any of them?
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Se7en is a Thriller starring Se7en. Se7en is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you like crime Thrillers you should check out The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. It's a crime Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released 2011.
No, I haven't, but I've heard it's a good read.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but it's in English.
She's a great singer. Did you know that she's also a musician?
I like Stronger because she is friends with Selena Gomez. Do you like her music?
I don't know if she has any other celebrity fans, but I do know that she has a long career with Justin Timberlake.
I'm not a fan of reality television but I do like reality TV.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy/Adventure novel.
She also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
You're welcome.
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama movie, starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama.
Sure, The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama. The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice.
The Castle is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Castle is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. It also starred Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye. Have you seen it?
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015
You're welcome!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read either of those?
The Siren is a drama and The Queen is a drama. Do you like that genre?
I do! The Siren is a great one for her. It is also a fantasy novel.
It was written by Modern Prometheus and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like Frankenstein, you might also like The Last Colony or The Last Colony.
He also starred in The Casual Vacancy, which is a Romantic Comedy
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes he was also a point guard in basketball
Yes they become a point guard as well as a basketball player
The Scorch Trials was written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
X-men is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
The Planet of the Apes stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Olivia Wilde. Are you a fan?
Volcano is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Cruise, who also starred in The Crucible. It is a Thriller.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they were both in that movie when it was released.
Missy Eliot is a female lead in the film, but Pink is not a female lead.
You're welcome!
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national team. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a fan of American Football. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm more of a American Football fan. I don't know much about soccer but I do like American Football. What about you?
I do, but I prefer American football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I hope they have a good chance.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Do you like Scarface because it is a Romantic Comedy?
You might also like Catch-22. It's a crime/thriller as is Oliver Stone.
That's right! Rodney Dangerfield also starred in A Christmas Carol, which is a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know that Abigail Breslin was also a musician?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jason Derulo is a composer and starred in Unbroken: A World War Z Story of Triumph and Forgiveness. Do you like him?
Yes, I do like her music. Did you know she is from Santo Domingo is also a singer?
Yes, she won American Idol in 2011
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and she also wrote What Alice Forgot. Do you like her work?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
Ender's Game is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Speakers of the Dead is a Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by Steven Spielberg. he is a speculative fiction
you are welcome. Enjoy!
Aladdin is a Thriller starring Aladdin. Do you like Thrillers?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Howard. He also directed The Princess and the Frog
You're welcome.
She is a very talented actress. Did you know that she starred in The Muppets?
Did you know that Lady Gaga starred in The Edge of Glory? She's a very good actress.
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen it?
I love Coldplay! Did you know that Nick Cassavetes starred in it?
That's a great song by Yellow. Did you know Yellow was released in 2013?
Yes they did. Amsterdam was a great place to visit.
Sure, he starred in The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, she is in Trixie. Did you know she also starred in Zoolander?
You're welcome.
Kahilil Gilbran wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
The Prophet falls under Speculative Fiction. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2011. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he is an American singer-songwriter. He was born in Los Angeles.
Sure, one of my favorites is You Love Me, My Love Me and My Love Me. Have you heard those?
I'm not sure, but I can't find that information right now.
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know that he starred in The Wildest Dream?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
It was released in 2010
Is there anything I can help with?
Do you like Wolverine because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a Romantic Comedy
He wrote Rise of the Guardians and The Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by James Dashner and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Mike Starr starred in The Big Lebowski which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, a couple of good ones are The Green Hornet and The Last Dragon. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Shooter is written by Steven Spielberg and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like him?
I don't have that information but it is written by Stephen Hunter. It is a thriller.
Yes, it did. The O.C. is a Thriller and Drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like the movie Godfather 2.
It is starring Kyla Pratt and Christian Bale. It is a crime movie.
Maleficent is a sci-fi movie. Maleficent is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure, she starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
Yes, you're right. Mr. and Mrs. Smith was in the movie Mr. and Mrs. Smith was a romantic comedy.
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know that Owen Wilson starred in Wedding Crashers?
Yes, that was a lot of laughs in it. Did you know he also starred in A Bug's Life, which is a comedy?
Yes, he plays for the Belgium National Football team.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany National Football team, which is a team based in Germany.
Yes, he plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I do know that he plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national team.
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national football team. do you know anything about the team?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like him?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Edge of Tomorrow. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes that's a great movie! Bill Murray also starred in The Portable Atheist. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
I do! That's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen it either, but I've heard it's a good movie.
Then you might also like The Fountainhead, which is a murder mystery as well.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet but I haven't seen it yet.
Margaret Stohl wrote Gone With the Wind. Gone With the Wind is written by Stephen King.
She wrote a book called Tree of Life. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
George Steinbrenner is from New York City, United States.
The movie Inside Out was written by Christopher Bigsby.
I'm not sure who produced it but I do know that it was produced by John Logan.
I'm not sure what else he has done, but Inside Out is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure but I do know that it is a drama.
I don't have that information but I do know it is a comedy.
You are correct! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in it as well as Good Will Hunting.
No I haven't. Isn't that a Romantic Comedy? I haven't seen Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, Joe Montana played on the team and he was a quarterback too. He was a great quarterback.
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a fan of the Steelers.
Do you like the book because it is written by Stephen King?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by John Irving.
The Women of Brewster Place is a Speculative fiction.
Yes. She starred in The Women of Brewster Place and The Mechanic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dark Lover is a part of a series called Black Dagger Brotherhood. It was written by J.R. Ward and is part of a series called Black Dagger Brotherhood.
Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Did you know it was written by Anthony Heald?
The Mist was written by James Dashner and it is a speculative fiction as well.
The Mist is a great sci-fi thriller. The Maze Runner is a sequel to The Mist and The Maze Runner.
Sure, I sent it to your device.
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
It's a horror film based on the novel of the same name written by Stephen King. It's based on the novel of the same name.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegelgel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion is starring Robert Patton Oswalt. It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
She also starred in Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player and plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know of any of her movies, but if you like Gabrielle Union you should check out The Running Man or The Running Man.
Lady Gaga is a very talented singer and actress. Did you know that she starred in The Muppets, The Muppets, and The Muppets?
No, I haven't seen it yet, but I'll definitely check it out.
The Muppets also has Will Smith. It's a great movie! It also stars Will Smith.
Martin Gardner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Victor J Stenger also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
He starred in The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
I don't have that information, but if you like Drama movies you should check out The Hunger Games.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like her. She is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like him?
I do! I love that movie starring Adam Sandler. It was a great movie.
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis wrote and directed Hot Tub Time Machine?
Yes, Eric Bress directed The Portable Atheist. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Pelican Brief is a Thriller and was released in 1999. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief is a crime/action film that also stars Alan Pakula.
Juno is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Young Adult is a great movie. You might also like The Hunger Games or The Giver. Have you seen those?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy.
Bradley Cooper stars in The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Would you like to see it?
Bradley Cooper starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate
I'm not sure if I've seen The Hangover but if you like comedy movies you should check out The Road by John Maldovich
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012 and it was written in English
You might like The Light Between Oceans by M.L. Stedman. Have you seen it?
Yes it is a great movie and you should watch it.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
It was written by Louisa May Alcott. It was released in 1847.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. It is a great movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
Well, it's a Thriller based on the true story of Donovan. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Rocky is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers because it is a drama?
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure, but it's a war film.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote A Thousand Years.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a historical period drama.
I don't have that information but it's a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Blake Griffin played basketball. Did you know he was also a point guard?
I'm more of a basketball fan. Do you have a favorite player?
That's true. Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie Award?
Wow that's interesting. Did you know that he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and stars Tom Hanks.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Sure, Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola movies?
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, I do. She is a great actress. Did you know that she starred in The Matrix?
The Prisoner of Shark Island is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I recommend Wildcats with Goldie.
Private Benjamin is a Parody. It is a drama
You're very welcome!
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp and The Godfather.
Underworld & Twilight is a science fiction book.
Yes. She wrote Underworld & Twilight.
You're welcome!
Insomnia is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a great movie! It was written by Paul Kalanithi. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Muppets. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. He also starred in The Awakening, which is a drama.
Saving Grace was released in 2007.
Yes, she is a tennis player from Constanta. Do you like her?
I don't know much about tennis but I know she is from Constanta, Romania.
I don't know a lot about tennis but I know only that she is from Belarus.
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
That's a good one. Did you know that Jon Gruden coached the Oakland Raiders and the Oakland Raiders?
That's a good question. It's a non-fiction book. Do you like that genre?
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
127 Hours was directed by James Franco. He also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, James Franco also starred in The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a great movie written by Vince Vaughn starring Vince Vaughn. Do you like Vince Vaughn?
I'm not sure but it was released in 1998
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player from Dehli? I think he plays for the India National Cricket team Royal Challengers Bangalore
I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you watch it?
Aside from Kohli, he plays for Manchester United F.C.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Have you read those?
Yes, there are several books similar to Peter Pan including The Return of the King and The Lord of the Rings
Yes, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was also made into a movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is written by The Sea Wolf and was released in 1904
Yes, The Sea Wolf was written by William Weaver.
Sure, ес is written by ес.
Eecbl was written by John Irving, it is a Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods is written by Lauren Oliver. Would you like to know more books by her?
The Cabin in the Woods was written by Kristen Connolly, who also wrote Twilight.
Yes that's correct. Ty Olsson starred in The Cabin in the Woods. Have you seen that?
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a superhero movie or because it is an action movie?
Then you might also like The Amazing Spider-Man 2 or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sure, Michael Bay also directed The Lost World: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
Yes it has genre Sci-Fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information but I do know that it was released in 2006.
The Blind Side is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I recommend The Blind Side. It's a biographical film.
Into the Wild is a Biographical film, and it was directed by Sean Penn.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings. Are you a fan?
No. I follow tennis but I am more of an American Football fan.
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know that Serena has a sister named Serena.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I haven't seen either of those, but I've seen The Proposal. It's a drama/mystery.
I didn't see that one, I think I'll add it to my watch list.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in a lot of other movies.
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is directed by Ridley Scott.
It's a great movie! It was written by William Nicholson, who also directed The Sands of Time.
I don't have that information right now.
I have not seen Superman Returns but I have seen Superman Returns. Do you like action movies?
Superman Returns is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You've Got Mail is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Hank is also in You've Got Mail too.
I'll add it to your watch list.
You're welcome!
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Techno-thriller has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i answer for you today?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog because it is a comedy?
I am sure you will enjoy it!
The Wide Window is a Romance and Drama film. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Not a problem!
Yes, you're right.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like science fiction books?
I'm not sure what else she has written but I do know that it is a science fiction novel.
Yes, she wrote My Own Heart's Blood. It is a fiction novel.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book in the series. Drums of Autumn is the second book in the series.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and Real Madrid C.F.
Not really. I'm more of a fan of American Football. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes they were, and Hayden Panettiere was great in that movie. Did you know that he also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen either of those?
It's a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he starred in The Day After Tomorrow.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I love Madonna! Did you know that she starred in a few movies?
Papa Don't Preach is a great composer. I'm more of a fan of hers.
I like Thrillers like X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not a fan of the New York Jets, but I do like the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I don't know much about football but I do know that the team is owned by Tom Brady. Do you like football?
I don't know much about football but I do know that the New York Jets is coached by Mike Zimmer and Brad Stevens.
Yes, he wrote Snatch which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller starring Guy Ritchie. Do you like that kind of movie?
I don't have that information at the moment.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
I haven't heard of it. I know it is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't ever heard of them, but I do know that they are owned by M. Night Shyamalan.
It's a very popular song from South Korea. It's a self help book.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, and Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Stefan Kapicic also starred in Deadpool.
Eminem is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, they are both friends with Timbaland. Snoop Dogg is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Yes, it's a Thriller. Do you like Dj Khaled?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Witches Abroad. Have you seen those?
I don't have much information on Time Bandits, but I do know that it is a comedy/drama.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
She was also in The Ice Bandits. Do you like her work?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
I don't have any information on that. However, if you like action movies you should check out Zookeeper. It's a great movie.
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
Thx is a great movie!
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Not really. I am more of an American Football fan. Do you follow the sport?
I do like American Football. I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
I hope that the Super Bowl will be a good one.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was. It is a great movie. Enjoy!
The Wild Life is a great movie. It was written by John Green. It is a Romantic Comedy.
No, I don't have it, but it's a good movie.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Time Traveler's Wife is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Stanlee wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a sci-fi movie.
Sure. Jorja Fox starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, V-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Memento was written by Roland Emmerich. He also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, he wrote The Darkest Road and The Darkest Road.
Batman Begins is added to your watch list.
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I like the Kansas City Chiefs. Who is your favorite team?
They lost to the New England Patriots last week.
I don't but I've heard they're having a good season.
Victor Hugo wrote The Man Who Moved My Cheese? It is a Romance novel.
Yes, that's a great book by Victor Hugo. Did you know that he also wrote Notre Dame de Paris?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Victor Hugo wrote Notre Dame.
Do you like Deadpool because it is a superhero movie or because it is an action movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2010. It's a superhero movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Belgium national football team. Do you like him?
I like American Football. I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information!
Yes, she's a pretty good actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and Spring Breakers?
No, I don't think I've seen that one. But, I've seen Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it yet. I hope you enjoy it!
Step Brothers is a Thriller starring Christian Bale and is a Thriller. Do you like Romance films?
John C. Reilly is hilarious. Did you know that John C. Reilly starred in a lot of movies?
It was released in 1999.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a novel.
Yes, The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a Romantic Comedy.
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and The King's Speech.
The King's Speech was rated R and Drama. The Damned United has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy.
The Zero Effect was released in 2011.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I didn't realize he was a defensive back in his day. Did you know that he also coached the Oakland Raiders?
That's right! I've been following the Super Bowl XXIV. Did you see the Super Bowl XXIV?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage. Do you like any of those actors?
I love Rihanna. Did you know she is a singer-songwriter?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch is a great movie. It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I think you'll enjoy it. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
He is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, that's a great song!
No I haven't, but I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen it yet. Do you like it?
Yes, he also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
No I haven't seen that yet. I haven't seen it yet.
I hope you enjoy it!
That book was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or genre?
The Casual Vacancy is another good book by J.K. Rowling.
Juraissic is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good sci-fi movie you might enjoy.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. X-Men Origins is a sci-fi movie
I don't have that information, but I can give you some other recommendations if you like.
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I don't have that information, but Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine and The Wolverine
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you read those?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King.
It's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. It's a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do enjoy watching the Buccaneers. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about football but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I don't know he plays for the Buccaneers
Yes, they are going to make the playoffs today
I'm not a huge fan of hers but I do like the song You Need Me, I Don't Need You.
I don't know if she has starred in Battleship, but I think she has a good voice
That's a good one! Skarsgard brothers have been mixed up in a lot of shows
Yes, I do. Did you know that he starred in Despicable Me and Despicable Me.
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
i don't know what latest one she was in. do you like her music?
Charlotte Bront wrote Charlotte Bront. Would you like to know more about this book?
It's a novel that was written by Jane Eyre. It's considered a historical fiction.
Great! Let me know if you need anything else.
Sure, Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is written by Robin Buss and released in 1844. Would you like to know more about this book?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is in the genre of Historical fiction.
It was written by Robin Buss, and it is considered a drama.
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you interested in more books in this genre?
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote Station Eleven, which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan?
Yes, they are similar to The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
That's a great book! It was written by Robert Jackson. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes,It was written by Robert Jackson
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
I'd recommend The Notebook. It's a Romance Film.
I don't have that information at this time.
Of course, enjoy!
I do! That's a great book by Jamie Ford. Do you like him?
Yes, it was released in 2007
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
John Grisham wrote Chamber of Secrets and Chamber of Secrets
Batman Begins is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, which also starred Michael Caine. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie.
Sure, it was written by Stephen King and he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read that?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You might also enjoy The Crow Road by James Patterson. Have you read that one yet?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he wrote the book and it was released in 1891.
Thomas Hardy wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Present which was released in 1891. Have you heard of it?
Robert Wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's calling
J.K. Rowling wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or genre?
It is speculative fiction
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar book
The goonies is a fantasy book
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Simmons wrote the Catcher in the Rye.
Yes, Dan Simmons wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
I do! Michael Bay is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage Home and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen either of those?
He also starred in The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information at this time, but I do know that he is a great actor.
You'll love it!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Portland Trailblazers. Do you like him?
I'm more of a basketball fan myself. What about you?
He is a point guard, but I don't really know what position he plays for.
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like his work?
You might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. It was released in 1946.
Yes, they are a K-pop boy band from Seoul, South Korea.
Yes, classical music is from South Korea. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't really know anything about her, but I do like her music. She's from South Korea.
The Poisonwood Bible is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2008.
I would recommend World Without End, it is written by Barbara Kingsolver.
That was written by Barbara Kingsolver. You might also like the next book in the series, Where the Wild Things Are.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Looper is a Thriller starring Jim Carrey. Do you like Thrillers?
yes The Brothers Bloom is a Thriller. anything else i can answer?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
That was written by Tony Gilroy and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but he wrote The Devil in the White City: Murder by the Sea.
It's a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D Salinger. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, it is catcher in the Rye and was released in 1951
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about Argentina but I do know that he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004.
Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in A Clockwork Orange.
There is a sequel called A Clockwork Orange released in 1962
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, The White Queen and The White Queen. Have you read any of those?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The White Queen is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome
It is a sports team based in England. It's a sport team.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Wally Lamb is an author who wrote The Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb Lamb is starred in several movies. Did you know that starred in
I know This Much Is True is written by Wally Lamb. It's a Fiction novel.
That was a great book. Did you know that it was written by Wally Lamb?
You're welcome!
I'm not a big fan of the team but I've heard they're good. Do you watch the Super Bowl?
Not really, I am a Packers fan. I like the New England Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team in the NFL is the Seattle Seahawks. Who's your favorite team?
Inside Out is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like any of those actors?
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 1997.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know that she is friends with Selena Gomez?
Yes, Victoria Justice was a great one. Did you know she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
I'm not sure, but I know Zoey 101 also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that one too. She's a great actress.
Downfall is written by John Steinbeck and it is a war film. Do you like war films?
Windtalkers is a war film that was produced by Steven Spielberg. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
I'll do that right away.
The Catchter in the Rye is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like Catchter in the Rye, which is a Fiction Novel.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes! It's a sci-fi movie starring Matt Damon.
Yes! Despicable Me is a great movie. Did you know that Mindy Kaling also starred in A Bug's Life?
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of the Miami Dolphins. They're owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan?
That's a good team, but I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I don't have a lot of people talking about Tony Romo. What is your favorite team?
Yes, Wes Anderson starred in Wes Anderson. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Justin Rose is an American professional golfer born in London.
I don't have any information on him but I do have some stats.
Yes, he is a professional golfer from England.
Virginia Woolf wrote The Waves, The Waves, and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1850. It's a novel.
I'll send it to you.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you a fan?
He is on the New Orleans Saints. He plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. I am a big fan of the team.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre are you looking for?
Time Bandits is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Mann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Shawn Hatosy also starred in White Oleander.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Frances Mayes plays for the Frances Mayes. Are you a fan of hers?
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know that she starred in The Lorax?
I haven't listen to it a lot but I do like her music too. Did you know she is from New York?
Yes it is a romantic comedy like Valentine's day
I don't really know much about Pittsburgh Steelers, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that he is an athlete who plays football.
Have you read Evermore or Night Star?
Shadowland is written by Alyson Noel. She also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, James Rodrguez plays for the Colombia national football team the Colombia National Football League. Do you like football?
Yes he plays for the Colombia national football team. I prefer American football.
I don't really follow Radamel Falcao, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Well, if you like Drama, you'll like The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Tiffany wrote The Crucible and The Gift. Have you read either of those?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote Parts One, Parts One, Parts One, Parts One and Two. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was adapted into a film starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zivot je jinde and Zivot.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Bourne Identity is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller starring Matt Damon, who also starred in The Bourne Identity.
The Bourne Supremacy is a Thriller and The Bourne Legacy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The World According to Garp, The World According to Garp. Have you read it?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes, James Mangold directed Walk the Line and The Mangold. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was. She was also in Walk the Line. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like Romance, you might also like The Women of Brewster Place. It was also directed by James Mangold.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee.
The Sun Always Rises is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
Sure, Jason Cope starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Spud is a drama
I'm not sure but it's a Romantic Comedy
It is a romance movie
Yes, he directed The Last Temptation and The Return of the King.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a drama and The Last Tempest is a crime fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen those movies?
The Other Guys is starring Rob Riggle and Justin Timberlake.
The Other Guys was released in 1994.
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and The Civil War. Have you seen either of those?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen that?
Yes, Jonathan Hyde is a great actor. He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, which is a biographical film?
That's a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige and The Inception.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Darkest Dream and The Darkest Dream.
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Well, 50/50 has a genre of Romance, Comedy, and Comedy. Would you like me to play it for you?
I do! Vanessa Fertilio starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, the Washington Wizards are a basketball team.
I haven't seen Nanking. Stephen Dorff starred in Nanking. Did you see it?
Yes, I like Laura Ingalls Wilder. She is a great author. Did you know she was born in New Mexico?
These Long Winter is a novel that was released in 1987. It is a fiction novel.
Yes, The Long Winter is part of a series.
I'll order it for you.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
Then you'll like The Handmaid's Tale and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you heard of those?
Sure, Garden of Beasts was written by Christopher Bigsby. You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one yet?
Afraid of Desire is also a play. It's also a drama.
It was directed by Dave O'Brien. Do you like his work?
It was written by Dave O'Brien. It's a drama.
Brad Garrett starred in Brad Brad Garrett. Brad also starred in Troy. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he did. Jay Leno also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a comedy.
The Pacifier was released in 2013.
You're very welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway, Anne Hathaway, and Anne Hathaway
The Looking Glass Wars is a romance film
The movie was directed by Lauren Oliver
I'm not sure but it was released in 2013
You're welcome
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. What genre do you prefer?
James Rodrguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and the Colombia National Football League.
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder.
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Sure, As Good as It Gets is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a comedy/drama that was released in 2012.
It was released in 1999 and also stars Danny DeVito and Albert Brooks.
You're very welcome!
I don't really know much about the team but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
The team is owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm more of a fan of American Football.
Sure, she plays badminton, and was born in Nagpur. She was born in India.
Yes, she did. That's a great athlete. She won the 2012 Olympics.
I'm a huge sports fan. Do you have a favorite sport?
He's from India. He's from New Zealand.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Have you read those?
It was released in 2007 in English.
I'm not sure, but he was influenced by Stephen King. He was influenced by Stephen King.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David Ayer.
Tony Hendra also starred in The Wedding which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Kill Bill is a sequel to Kill Bill. The sequel is Pulp Fiction.
Yes she is. She starred in it. She's a great actress.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know Sin City was written by Christopher Nolan?
Sin City is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
It's a great movie! It was directed by Robert Rodriguez, who also starred in The Invisible Man, and The City.
You're welcome!
The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it starred Khaled Hosseini and was directed by Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, it was also a Kite Runner.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Christina Lamb is an American singer-songwriter, critic, and columnist. Do you like her?
Yes, Veronika decide morrer is a novel that was published in 1897.
Yes, he wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage. Are you interested in theaters?
Sure, peter pan is written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like her work?
Peter Pan is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
It was released in 1997.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in that genre.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925.
The Fighter is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Jane Eyre is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that?
Villette is a novel that was released in 1847. It's a novel.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye. Have you read that one?
This Lullabye is written by Sarah Dessen. It's part of a series.
Me too! Marc Webb wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer. Have you seen those?
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a great movie! It was written by Steve Kloves and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.
AB de Villiers played for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
The Great Gatsby has a great cast consisting of actors such as Isaac Hayes, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Princess Diaries is a great movie! It was written by Meg Cabot. It is a Comedy.
The Princess and the Frog is a very popular fairy tale. It was released in 1997.
That's a great movie! It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a triller.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Jack London wrote The Call of the Wild and The Return of the Native.
To Build a Fire is a fictional book that was released in 1847.
I have not, but I know it is written by Jamie McGuire and released 2011
Walking Disaster is a great book! Did you know it was released in 2011?
It's a great book! It was released in 2015. It's a young-adult fiction. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
Have a great day!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you like?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy and also a comedy.
You're welcome
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals, but I do enjoy watching the Cardinals. Who is your favorite team?
I am not a fan of the Bears. The team is owned by Bill Bidwell and owned by Bill Bidwell.
I'm not a fan of the Cowboys. I think they'll win the Super Bowl XXVIII.
Beloved is written by Toni Morrison. Do you like her work?
Tombstone is a great movie. You might also like The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! Love Actually is a great movie! It's also a Romantic Comedy.
I love her music. Did you know that she is friends with Sela Ward?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a singer and songwriter too. Did you know he was influenced by Selena Gomez?
Did you know that Nicolas Sparks starred in The Last Song?
Sure, The Lucky One is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
They are both romantic comedies. Nicholas Sparks is the author of The Lucky One.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It was made into a movie. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Jean-Marc Vallée starred in a few movies.
Yes, it's a great movie about the Queen.
Well, it's a drama. It's also a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
She starred in a lot of great movies. I think you'll enjoy it.
I'll send it to you.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
I don't have the latest racing movie yet, but I can recommend some other great racing movies if you like.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and Vin Diesel.
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote The Last Samurai.
Zombie Survival Guide is a similar one to World War Z.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his?
I don't have that information right now, but Frank Millier also starred in The Wedding Planner.
I don't have that information, but Frank Millier also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is based on Greek mythology. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is an autobiographical novel. Kurt Vonnegut also wrote The Secret of Moonacre.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
That's interesting. I'm more of a fan of the LA Clippers.
Yes, I do. I like Sam Smith. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I don't have any information on that. I do know that Sam Smith starred in The Goodbyes.
Yes, she is a screenwriter and playwright as well.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do like their coach Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
I didn't realize that, but I do know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
That's a good place to visit. I'm more of a basketball fan.
Yes, he starred in American Pie and The Golden Compass.
It was a great movie. It was directed by Chris Weitz. Did you know Chris Weitz also starred in American Pie?
Yes, Warren Zide also produced American Pie. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
No I haven't seen it. I'm more of a thriller fan myself.
I don't know much about him, but Jake Gyllenhaal was a great actor. Did you know he also starred in A Bug's Life?
I'm not sure about that one, but I know he's a great actor. I'm not sure if he was in Iron Man.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they won the NBA All Rookie Award. Do you like them?
Oh wow! That's a great sport to follow. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I didn't realize it was a Men in Black II. Did you know that the team won the NBA All Rookie Award?
I didn't realize that! It's a great movie. It's a great movie!
Madame Bovary was written by Frances Mayes. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1800.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, American Beauty, and American Beauty. Would you like to know more?
It was written by Steven Conrad. Did you know he is also an actor?
Sure, he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees and The Secret Life of Bees.
I don't really know much about her but I do know that she is a tennis player, right?
Yes, she's a pretty good actress. Did you know she won the 2012 Olympics?
I haven't seen that yet, but I've heard good things about her lately.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Doors. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Sure, it was written by Ridley Scott and is a Thriller.
I don't have any information on anything else he has starred in, but I can tell you that the movie is based on a book.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I don't have that information, but I do know she starred in Vivica A. Fox
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film, did you know Shakira starred in it?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a Romance Film
I love Coraline! It was written by James Dashner and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it's genre is fiction.
I'm not sure if they're similar, but you might also like A Bug's Life, or A Bug's Life.
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman and is a Thriller.
Margaret Atwood wrote Gone With the Wind which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he has written a number of children's books
It was released in 1997
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Notebook? It's a Romance novel.
I'd recommend The Notebook. It's a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you heard of it?
Yes, you are correct. It was released in 1851.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, P.D. Eastman wrote A Fish Out of Water and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered Children's Literature and Children's Literature.
Yes, he did. Go, Dog, Go is a children's book.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
Surviving Picasso is a drama, speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Surviving Picasso has a genre of Speculative Fiction, Fantasy, Drama, and Children's Literature
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don.
Yes, The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure no problem!
Danny Boyle starred in Young Frankenstein. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he starred in Trance, Trainspotting. He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I don't have any information about that
Troy is a crime movie
Eddie Redmayne is also in that movie
You're welcome
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a Thriller similar to Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer. Would you like more Thriller recommendations?
Yes, Chris Evans starred in The Perfect Score, The Perfect Score, and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know that she plays for Manchester United F.C.
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Robin Robin Jarvis.
You're welcome.
Sure, Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung. Do you like the genre?
Die Verwandlung is written by Franz Kafka. Would you like to know more about the author?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, Taking Chance, Taking Chance. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache is an American Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he starred in The Ten Commandments.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Casino Royale is written by Robert Wade and stars Tom Hanks. Are you a fan?
I don't have that information. However, it was released in 2011.
I'm not sure but it's a TV series.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
Aside from Tom Tykwer, Tom Tykwer starred in a lot of movies in the Sci-Fi genre. He also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that?
Charlize Theron starred in Theron: The Curse of the Human Stain and The Human Stain
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're right, I'll add that to your watch list.
There's a couple of great thrillers you might enjoy are The Running Man, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate
You'll like The Dark Hours. Enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, and The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, the Day of the Jackal was directed by Christopher Nolan who also directed The Moon. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I do. She starred in The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you seen that movie?
The Diary of a Young Girl was written by Anne Frank. Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl.
The Bell Jar was written by Franklin D. Roosevelt and Anne Frank. It's a historical period drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Natalie Portman. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Chris Buck directed The Christmas Blessing. Have you seen it?
Sure, another great comedies that Chris Buck directed is Into the Water. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like any of them?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie about football. Do you like football?
The Game of Their Lives was written by Leonardo DiCaprio and is a drama.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
I'm not mistaken. I'm more of a football fan.
Great! Have a great day!
Isn't he a very good athlete? I'm more of a football fan myself.
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
Yes, Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he starred in Scream 3.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen that?
V for Vendetta has genre Science Fiction. Do you like those genres?
V for Vendetta is an adventure film.
Sure, it is written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Violets Are Blue which is similar.
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Tale of Two Cities, and The Two Towers.
Cinderella has genre Speculative Fiction.
King Kong was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers.
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Five Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate.
I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment.
Frank Capra wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's interesting that he's a composer and a musician
Yes, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also produced it.
She has starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, which is a romantic comedy.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is in English
I believe it is in English
I do not have that information
i dont have that information
That's a great crime movie. Do you like it because it is written by Jennifer Lawrence?
It's a crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It was written by Paula Hawkins.
The author is Woody Herman who wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
I'm not a fan of the National Football League but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I like the Raiders, did you know Dwight Schar coached the Oakland Raiders?
I don't really know much about tennis, but I do know it is a great sport.
Sure, do you like Romantic Comedies?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and she also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Do you like her work?
It is a drama released in 2012. Do you like dramas? She also wrote Where You Are.
Sure. Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. She also wrote Breakable.
Between the Lines was released in 2011. It's a great book!
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies, starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It stars Seth Rogen, Roscoe Lee Browne, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
He starred in The Good German, which was written by Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Walking Dead series. Have you heard of it?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Have you read that?
It's a Romance novel. It was released in 1847. It's based on the novel of the same name.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these books?
Rules of attraction was released in 2009.
You might also like Return to Paradise or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Spirit Bound is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Twilight series is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Yes, Leo wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Christmas Carol. Leo wrote that as well.
Yes, that is correct. It was released in 1926.
Yes, Gnghis Khan is an American novelist, critic, and columnist.
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen those?
Yes, he produced The Longest Yard as well as 50 First Dates.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
He also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a fantasy novel.
Newt Scamander appears in the Fictional Universe Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts was written by JK Rowlings. It's a fantasy movie.
Yes. Where to Find Them is a book in the speculative genre.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like crime drama, you might also like The Devil's Advocate or The Devil's Advocate.
You're welcome.
Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player from Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
I am more of a fan of soccer. I am more of a fan of the American Football team.
You're very welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
The Hangover Part II was released in 1997.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in Midnight in Paris.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen any murder mystery either, but I've heard good things about it.
Shutter Island is a murder mystery.
Sure, Mansfield Park is written by Tony Gilroy and a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly. He also wrote Mansfield Park.
Persuasion was released in 2008.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks. Are you a fan?
I don't think so, but Horrible Bosses is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
I don't really know much about him other than he's a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't watch much tennis but I do enjoy watching a match in the Olympics. How about you?
I'm not a fan of tennis, but I do enjoy watching the match every time.
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote The Secret of Joy and The Virgin Suicides.
Inkheart is a family novel. You might also like Inkheart.
No I haven't read any of her books, but I do know her sister's name is Janet Evanovich.
Gary Paulsen wrote The Three Musketeers which is speculative fiction. Have you read that?
The River is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The River is a great thriller. The River is a sequel to The River. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Have you seen it?
Real Steel stars Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Untouchables is a Crime Fiction. Do you like those genres?
You might also like The Untouchables by Brian DePalma. Brian DePalma directed that one as well.
You're very welcome!
You might also like the sequel, The Manchurian Candidate, or The Devil's Advocate.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium
Sure, Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple.
Benjamin Franklin wrote The Color Purple and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good soccer player but I don't really know much about him other than he plays for FC Barcelona.
No I didn't know that, he played for the Argentina national football team.
Yes he plays for Manchester United F.C. as well as Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C..
Yes, it is a great book written by Wise Man's Fear. Are you a fan?
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Wise Man's Fear. Have you read those?
I'm not sure but it's a Romantic Comedy
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass has written a number of films. Would you like to know more about The Siren?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Casual Vacancy, which was released in 2016.
The film was produced by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also produced the music for The Guard.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Did you like The Social Network because it was a Social Network because it was a Social Network?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Avengers.
I don't have that information. But it's a good movie.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy that movie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like him?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
If you like the book you should check out The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know it was written by Steve Oedekerk and Steve Buscemi?
Danny Aiello is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, he is a Godfather movie.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Survival, and Survival.
She also wrote World War II Stories, which is a historical period drama.
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements, who also wrote Transformers and Transformers.
The Lion King was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
The Sun Also Rises is written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Sun Also Rises.
He wrote A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
It was released in 1937, the same year The Sea was released.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I do! He is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Chicago Bears. Do you like him?
I do like Drake Bell. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
i don't really know much about him other than he plays football. do you like football?
Yes, he is an author who wrote The Whole Ten Yards and The House of Seven Gables.
White Oleander also starred Robert Patton Oswalt. It is a Thriller. Do you like him?
It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
A GriefObserved was released in 1926.
That's a great book! The Weight of Glory was written by William Nicholson. It is a Historical period drama.
Done. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an author who wrote The Good Earth which is a Speculative Fiction.
They are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Are you a fan?
No I haven't but I know that Mike Woodson is a coach but I do know that he is a coach.
That is a great sport, do you have any other questions?
John Berendt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know that Alaska is an author.
I don't have that information at this time. But alaska wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which was produced by Stephen King.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great football player, but I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich II
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't think so, but I do enjoy watching it. Do you like it?
Yes, he has a good stats. I think he is a great player as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Rango is a Thriller based on a true story. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige is a psychological thriller.
Yes, they wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Memento stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, and Christian Bale
Thomas Lennon starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome!
Sure, L. Frank Baum wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
It appears to be a fantasy. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Baum.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Sea of Trolls and The Sea of Trolls.
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Sea of Trolls.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Pillars of the Earth is a Romantic Comedy-drama Film.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good thriller. Have you seen it?
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
WALLE is a speculative fiction. Do you like it because it is a speculative fiction?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great Sci-Fi movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great movie! It's a great family movie.
It's a great movie! It's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks, Kevin Spacey, and Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, you might also like the book When You Reach Me, which is also written by Sarah Dessen. Have you read it?
The Outsiders is also written by Sarah Dessen and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's children's literature. It's considered children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by William Nicholson.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and the Poland National Football League.
I don't really know much about football. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
Yes, I prefer SC Freiburg because he is a great player.
Paul Sorvino is an American actor, director, and director. He starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jack Thorne is an author who wrote The Assassination of Jesse Jam
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a screenwriter and starred in the movie.
You got it!
Sure! Lisa See wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
I don't have that information, but Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a fantasy novel.
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a novel that was released in 2014 and was written by Julie Garwood.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Pulp Fiction. Do you like his work?
Yes, Grindhouse was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Did you know that he also starred in Unleashed, War of the Worlds, and Insurgent.
It is a drama/mystery film that was released in 1999.
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was released in 2009 and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Parks starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen it?
Wicked is a Thriller and Drama. Wicked is also a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
It's a great movie! It was written by Ken Kesey. It's a Speculative fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Houston Rockets.
I don't know much about Michael Jordan, but I heard he's a good actor.
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a sci-fi movie. It's also a comedy.
Yes, he did. That was a great movie for sure.
Yes, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls and The Skulls. Have you seen them?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Boy Next Door and The Boy Next Door. Have you seen either of those?
He also starred in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Winter's War.
Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in The Bourne Legacy. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and he also starred in The Lies Beneath.
Yes, it is a great movie. It is a Thriller. Do you want any other Thrillers?
That's a great team in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge football fan but I've heard a lot about it. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm going to watch the Seattle Seahawks and The New York Giants.
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released 2011. Do you like her work?
Circling the Sun is a romance novel that was released in 2013.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, Mulholland Drive is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen either of those?
Yes. Josh Boone is famous for writing The Fault in Our Stars. He also wrote Paper Towns.
The Fault in Our Stars is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It was written by Terry Pratchet. It's a war movie.
Yes. We Were Soldiers is a war movie. Were Soldiers is a war movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like her books?
It was released in 2009.
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth is written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in The Bourne Supremacy. Have you seen that?
He also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden and Top Secret. Would you like to know more about those?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by John Green and released in 2010.
I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and High School Musical. Have you seen either of those?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
It was written by Richie Richie Rich and Holes. It is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection Program. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Running Man is a thriller and The Thomas Crown Affair is an action film
XXX is a great movie with Vin Diesel. XXX is a sci-fi movie
You're welcome!
Hush Hush is written by David Ayer. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
She wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush. She also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read that?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote A Silence of the Lambs.
The Silver Castle was released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Kurt Russell also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Power, The Secret, and The Power. Have you read any of these books?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
She wrote The Secret which was turned into a film.
Yes, John Ratzenberger has starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you prefer?
Your Friend the Rat was written by John Ratzenberger. It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a cartoon that was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a family friendly film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! Still Alice is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
That was a great book. Did you know it was also a film adaptation?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're correct. I think you'll enjoy it.
Mark Haddon is a film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, the red house was adapted into a film. The film adaptation was directed by Mark Haddon and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film as well as the Curious Case of the Black Pearl.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He is a writer, actor, and actor. He starred in The Virgin Suicides and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen those?
It's a romantic comedy. Kevin James also starred in it. It's a comedy.
Yes, Salma Hayek is a comedy.
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
You might like the movie Once Upon a Time in America or the movie Once Upon a Time in America.
Nightcrawler stars Sean Hayes, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Germany National Football team.
It was released in 1999 and directed by Heath Ledger.
Two Hands was also starred by Heath Ledger
You're welcome!
The Blind Side is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Blind Side is based on Drama.
Moneyball is a drama movie that was released in 2010. It's a great movie.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones.
Sure, The Shadowhunter's Codex is written by Cassandra Clare. It's part of a series.
You're welcome.
Yes, Alfonso Cuaron directed The Little Prince and The Little Prince. Have you seen those?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It's in the genre of speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
He wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He starred in The Yellow Submarine. Did you see it?
I don't know much about Liverpool but I do know that they are owned by John Lennon.
Yes, he plays for the team Liverpool. Did you know that he is from Liverpool?
I do! Paul McCartney has a great voice.
Me too! Laurie Halse Anderson is an author who wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and Twisted. Do you like her work?
Wintergirls is a young adult fiction novel that was released in 2010.
Sure, I will download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. She starred in a lot of movies. She was also a musician and a musician. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's a good song too. Did you know that Rihanna won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Original Song?
Battleship is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Marc Forester starred in The World According to Garp. Have you seen it?
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The World According to Garp. Have you seen that one yet?
It's a Romantic Comedy. It's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Mockingjay is a speculative fiction written by John Steinbeck. Do you like that author?
Have you heard of A Christmas Carol? It was written by Suzanne Collins.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a version of Elizabeth. Would you like me to send it to you?
She is a great actress! She was also in Little Miss Sunshine. She is an amazing actress.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but Nicholas Sparks wrote A Walk to Remember.
Yes, True Believer was adapted into a Drama. It was released in 2015.
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. It is based on a book by him.
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski and directed by Lana Wachowski. Are you interested in her movies?
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure but he was also in The Man of Steel.
I don't have that information at this time but I do know she was in The Man of Steel.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon West directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it?
Did you know that The Mechanic was directed by Simon West?
I don't have any more information about the movie recent but he did write Con Air.
You're welcome
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, 2012 was the year that released The Light Between Oceans. The Light Between Oceans was written by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, he directed The Light Between Oceans. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
My Cousin Rachel is a romantic drama. It was released in 1997.
I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
i haven't had a chance to visit the burgh this year. i haven't been there yet. i haven't been there yet. i haven't had a chance to visit it.
i am a fan of the Denver Broncos. do you like them?
i think he is a good coach. do you like him?
i hope they make it to the suebowl. what do you think about it?
Yes, I love his music. Did you know he starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her! She is one of my favorite singers. Did you know that she is friends with Sela Ward?
I did not, but I heard it was a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it is a great family film.
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Rudy is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Joseph Sikora because it is a Thriller?
The Watcher is a Thriller, similar to The Watcher.
Yes, and starred in the Watcher.
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes wrote Frances Mayes. She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read either of those?
Some other poets include Will Ferrell, Will Ferrell, and Will Ferrell. Are you a fan?
You're welcome.
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Yellow Submarine
The Bluest Eye has genre Drama
Xenocide and Z for Zachariah
It was written by Terry Pratchet
You're welcome
Downfall is a war film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
It is a great movie. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed The Skulls, which is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Crucible is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote "A Modest Proposal". Have you read that?
The Crucible is written by Roland Emmerich and it's a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in What's Up Doc. Have you seen it?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information. But it's a Romantic Comedy.
Sure. I'll play it for you.
No I haven't. I haven't seen In Bruges. But I know it was written by Sergio Leone. Do you like him?
It was released in 1994 and also stars Tom Everett and Tom Everett.
Yes, he did star in the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're very welcome!
Chris Weitz wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed The Golden Lily. Have you seen that one?
No I haven't seen that one. Isn't that a drama?
Sure, Alejandro Amenábar directed The Spirit. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Nightingale is written by Philip Pullman and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale. It is a Children's Literature book.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I don't know much about him other than he starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2
The Expendables 2 was written by Roger Reese. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! I love Die Hard with a Vengeance. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Hudson Hawk is a great movie. It was written by John Logan
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is written by Woody Harrelson. Do you like his work?
That's right! That was also written by Theodore Lesieg and Dr. Seuss. Do you like him?
Yes, you are correct. Other Stories is a Children's literature and Children's Literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do. It is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes she does. Did you know that she also starred in The Longest Ride?
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes it is a Romance film. Would you like to know more about it?
No I haven't seen Men of Honor either. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about the team other than they're coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm more of a Lakers fan, but I'm more of a Lakers fan myself.
That's a great game! Did you know that the Lakers won the 2012 NBA Finals?
She wrote ес, ес.
Eecccbl is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and he also wrote The Notebook.
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic Fiction?
Yes! Tuck Everlasting is written by Paul Kalanithi.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Washington Redskins but I do like their coach Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but he's a good player. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he was a brain tumor. Did you know that he was also a scientist?
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
You might also like The Running Man or The Running Man. They are self help books.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling and was released in 2013.
J.K. Rowling has written a number of classics including The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is! Reno 911 is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I haven't seen it but I've heard good things about it. I've heard it's a good movie.
The Little House on the Prairie is written by William Nicholson, who also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is written by Jane Austen. She also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. She is a great tennis player. Do you like her sister Serena?
No I didn't but I did watch the hair show. Did you know that Serena was also a musician?
I didn't know that. But, I remember seeing seeing a match between Venus and Serena lost that one.
Yes, The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in The Lost Symbol. He is a great actor.
Yes, he also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Yes, Dan Brown wrote The Da Vinci Code and the Inferno.
Yes, The Da Vinci Code is a Drama. The Inferno is also a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. X-Men Orgins:Wolverine is a great movie starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like him?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You'll love The Wolverine, it's a great movie.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard good things about it.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Its a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Tim Dolin wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey is an author who wrote The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan?
Sutton has written a number of books including The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome
We're the Millers is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a comedy. Would you like to see it?
I think you'll enjoy it.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
The Untouchables is written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks. The New World stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Did you know that Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
I have not read that yet, but I heard it is a good read.
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that they are a K-pop boy band.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Secret of Joy and The Last Man in Rome. Do you like her books?
I don't have that information. However, Cornelia Funke starred in Inkheart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It was written by David Ayer and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them were written by Albus Dumbledore.
It's a romance novel. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Mahendra Singh Dhoni starred in Hook Ya Crook
That's a similar sport to soccer. Do you have a favorite player?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Last Runaway was released in 1993.
You're welcome!
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's literature and Speculative fiction.
I don't have any autobiographies, but it's similar to Going Solo.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Manchester City FC is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I do! He wrote The Crucible, The Complete Maus, and The Complete Maus. Have you read those?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Stan Lee wrote The Incredible Hulk and Resident Evil: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and The Incredible Hulk.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynnon Johnson and stars Christian Bale. Would you like to know more about it?
Jon Favreau wrote Waking Life, Waking Life, and Waking Life. Have you heard of any of these books?
Joe Johnston directed The Running Man, The Running Man, and The Mechanic. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might also enjoy A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Chris Evans is in that movie as well. It's an action movie as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Sharp Objects is written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as a Suspense Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gone Girl is another good one. Have you read it?
Yes, Gone Girl was made into a movie. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2014.
Yes, I do. He is a great author. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
It is a drama. Do you like those genres?
The Transformers is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a great movie starring Bruce Willis. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the book Twilight: The Complete Illuminatary: The Complete Illuminata.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampires?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Twilight Series.
You're welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z. Have you seen either of those?
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller starring Robert Downey Jr
You're welcome
The book is written by Billie Letts. Do you like the book because it is a drama?
It's a drama that was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer born in Murrieta. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Golf but I heard he is from Murrieta. Did you know that he was also a musician?
Yes, Julie Bowen starred in a lot of movies. Did you know she also starred in A Bug's Life?
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but it's a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
It's a Historical period drama.
The 5th Wave is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but Rick Yancey wrote The Last Man and The Chronicles of Narnia which was released in 2016.
The Last Star is classified as Sci-Fi and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
The Last Star was written by Rick Yancey. Rick Yancey also wrote The Tempest. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know that she starred in The Lorax?
Did you know she was born in Los Angeles? She was also in Valentine's Day.
I didn't realize she was in Valentine's Day, didn't she? And Jennifer Garner was hilarious in that movie.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
No I haven't. I've never seen it. Is it a Romantic Comedy?
Ted is a great movie. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in it?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like Selena Gomez, too. I like her too.
What's your favorite genre?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes he starred in it as well
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2010
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Victor Hugo is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and the Colombia National Football League.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1876.
I'm not sure but it's similar to Notre Dame.
Great! Then you might also like A Midsummer Night's Dream. That's a classic!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I do. Did you know that she is a composer and a musician?
I don't have that information right now, but I do know he is a composer and a musician.
Yea, you're right. I'm not sure if they're similar to the Coldplay.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen that one?
Bobby is a drama, and in Peter and Paul is a comedy.
Peter and Paul has a great cast consisting of actors such as Anthony Hopkins and Anthony Hopkins. It's a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm more of a steelers fan. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I've heard they're doing good this year.
I don't know much about the Texans but I do know they won the Superbowl XXXVIII Championship.
I do, he is a great basketball player. Do you have a favorite player?
Yes, that's right. I don't follow any sports either.
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Are you interested in his work?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1914
Great, have a good day!
She is a tennis player from Constanta, Romania. Do you like her?
Yes, they do. I think Serena Williams is a great female tennis player.
Yes, she lost a couple of matches with Maria Sharapova. Did you see her in the movie Serena?
I don't really know much about Baltimore Ravens, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but he was coached by the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not sure, but I heard it was a good year for the team.
Yes, I love her! She wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Have you read that?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released in 1886.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released in 1886.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll order it for you. Ordered it for you.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by Steve Oedekerk. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard and Kenneth H. Blanchard. It is a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
It was released in 1998. It's a Non-Fiction Film.
You are welcome.
The Fountainhead is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I don't have that information at the moment, but I do know that she wrote The Fountainhead.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the book because it is written by David J. Skal?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The Girl Next Door is written by Stephen King. It is a horror book.
The Girl Next Door is written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, Frances Mayes Mayes wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Prince. Have you read either of those?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great movie to kill a mockingbird. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Romance films?
I haven't seen it yet but I've heard it's a good movie.
Al Pacino also starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
You're welcome!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a drama. Do you like that genre?
It is written in English.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
It was written by Brian Thompson and it is a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
The Prisoner of Azkaban starred in that film as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that?
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh. It is a Thriller.
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I agree, he's a great shooting guard. Did you know that he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
I don't watch it much but I do enjoy watching it. I'm more of a basketball fan.
That's true. Willie Green is a great shooting guard. He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. Would you like to know more books by him?
Sure, Alien is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes he did. He also starred in a movie called The Hunt for Red October.
I don't know if he wrote any other horror films, but if you like horror you might also like The Hunger Games.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote The Rosie Project and it was released 2013.
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi/Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The World According to Garp. Have you read either of those?
Olympus Fallen also starred Gerard Butler. It is a great movie.
Danny Lerner has produced several films such as Unbreakable and The Devil's Advocate.
War Inc was written by John Cusack.
Yes, I do. Did you know that he starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
Yes, they've been together. Did you know that Justin Timberlake starred in The Rum Diary?
I'm not sure if he's friends with Will Smith, but he's a celebrity friends with Will Smith.
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like his work?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1926.
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1960 and is a classic novel.
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
That's right, his son owns the Boston Red Sox.
I am not a huge fan of that sport but I do know that he has suffered a heart attack which is also a heart attack
Yes they suffered a heart attack and died in a heart attack. A heart attack was caused by a heart attack and a heart attack.
You should check it out. It is a folk rock.
I'm not a huge fan of badminton but I've heard that she's a good athlete.
That's a good one. Did you know that she was born in London?
That's a great place to visit. Would you like to know anything else about Western Europe?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale movies?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and stars Emma Stone and Stan Lee. Do you like any of them?
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was. Would you like to know anything else about it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Gillian Flynn wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty.
Sharp Objects has genre Historical fiction
Xenocide is a great suspense book
You are welcome
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Then you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure of the release date of that book, but it's part of the Dune series was published in 1980.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might also like A Bug's Life, which is a great family comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it is a fantasy?
You're right! I hope you like it!
You're very welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louisa May Alcott, who also wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Do you like her work?
It is a Romantic Comedy. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. It was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her work?
No, I haven't. Is that a Romance novel?
No, I haven't heard of it. I haven't read it yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
I will have to check it out.
You are welcome
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released 2011
Jamie also wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen that one?
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Sandra Ellis Lafferty was in Walk the Line.
Well, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read that one yet?
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know that it is a sports team based in England.
Not really, I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
I like Lakers. Who's your favorite Lakers fan?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote  [Z no shmetsu].  [Z no shmetsu].
The End of Watch was released in 1999.
It's a great movie! It also stars Seth Rogen, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure. End of Watch was directed by David Ayer. He also starred in Insidious.
Sure, he wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, is a fantasy.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 1961.
Marion Zimmer Bradley starred in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more fantasy novels?
The Mists of Avalon is written by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The Forest House is based on a novel by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, John Ratzenberger directed The Jungle Book. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. It also starred John Ratzenberger. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Weiner wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Next Best Thing has a genre of Comedy-drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou but I do enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
Sure, he also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote The Lamb Lamb Lamb: The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes, that's correct. Wicked Appetite was released in 2015.
I have not read any of his books but I know he is an author. He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Ken Kesey and has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was, along with Ken Kesey. Have you seen it?
Sure! Leo dicaprio is an actor similar to Leo & Juliet. Are you a fan?
Mark Wahlberg starred in The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner
There is a similar movie to Leo & Juliet, starring Kate Winslet.
I don't have that information at the moment, but I can tell you that he starred in The Watchmen.
Yes, they both starred in the movie, Conrad Veidt.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Terry Pratchet. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia which is a Fantasy novel. Have you read that?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the genre of Children's Literature.
Neill Blomkamp starred in Water for Elephants and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was in Shark Night. She's a great actress.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a singer-songwriter and singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I don't have any other songs, but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.. Do you like soccer?
Javier Hernández is from Guadalajara. He plays for the Colombia National Football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly directed the movie Bobby Farrelly. Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
If you like comedy movies you should check out There's Something About Mary by Bobby Farrelly.
Me, Myself & Irene is a comedy. Jim Carrey also starred in Outside of Carrey.
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves in the NBA. Do you like him?
Well, Derrick Rose is a basketball player from what I've heard.
Well, I'm more of a fan of basketball. What about you?
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote Number the Stars, and it falls under the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read that?
He wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read that?
You might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
It was released in 2011.
You are welcome!
Do you like Will Grayson because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Firm is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a legal thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, that's right. It was released in 1956 as a Children's Literature book.
That's the same year that The Last Battle was released.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Cao Chi wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Sure, Mary McDonnell starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Robert Redford. Did you know that Robert Redford also starred in The Hunt for Red October?
Yes, Scarlett Johansen was great in that movie. Did you know that Mary McDonnell starred in The Pursuit of Happyness?
Scoop is an action/adventure film.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one yet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it's written in English.
Yes, it was! It was also released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
I didn't, but I did enjoy her debut album Sweenter.
Yes, GOD is a Woman is a Woman, REM.
Robin Williams starred in a lot of great movies. I would recommend a couple of my favorite ones, Where Rainbows End, Where Rainbows End. Have you seen any of those?
It is a comedy and it is also starring Rob Riggle.
Yes, she was. She starred in the movie as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, it's a great movie. It was directed by Paul Kalanithi. Do you like him?
Sure, you might also like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you seen those?
The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and it is based on the true story of the Crucible.
Sure, The Crucible is in the genre of Thriller and was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
The Fall of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the Native was written by Christopher Bigsby and it is
You're welcome.
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really like him. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot about basketball but I do know that they play in the NBA.
He plays the Midfielder.
Sure, Mary Harron directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
Its a Psychological thriller
You're welcome
I do not have that information
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife.
He wrote The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
I don't have that information at the moment, but I do know it was written by Christopher Nolan.
It's a Thriller, similar to Zombieland, which is a Thriller.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Historical period drama.
Yes, I do. The Light Between Oceans is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player from London. Do you like his work?
Well, Andy Tennant starred in a few movies. He also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that?
Fool's Gold is written by Jennifer Lawrence. It is a drama film.
Yes, he did. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stephen Dubner starred in The Power of Habit.
Sure, he wrote The Power of Habit
You're welcome
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that movie?
Taxi Driver is written by Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also wrote A Clockwork Orange. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for Liverpool but I don't think so.
Yes he plays for Manchester United F.C. and he is also a midfielder.
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in New England.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
That was the sixth book in the Harry Potter series, and the Half-Blood Prince was the next book in the series.
That was the first book in the Harry Potter series. The next book in the series is The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Romance Film.
It is a great movie. It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Joel Coen and is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, A Streetcar Named Desire is written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
That's a great story. Tenessee Williams wrote A Streetcar Named Desire and it was released in 1910.
It was released in 1997 and is a drama/mystery.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yûki Amami was written by Yuria Nara and she also starred in A Man Named Jackie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional professional
I am not sure, but I do know that he went to the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, the 2004 Olympics was the year that olympics was the year for the summer olympics.
I don't know much about the Giants but I do know that they are owned by Steve Tisch and John York.
I am not a fan, I do know they won the 2012 World Series so I am not a fan.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. I am more of a baseball fan.
I am not a fan of soccer but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a fan of soccer. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Who's your favorite team?
Horse and His Boy is not too harsh. It was written by John Green and is a great book.
Horse and His Boy is a good one. It is written by John Green.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Jennifer Weiner's work. She wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you heard of that one?
Did you know that Susannah Grant also wrote the screenplay for In Her Shoes?
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for other comedies.
You're welcome!
She's a great writer. I think you'll really enjoy her work.
You're welcome!
In Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
You might also like the book Inferno, which is a thriller.
It was written by Dean Koontz. It's a thriller. Do you like him?
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel.
It's a great movie! It was written by Jane Austen, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like the Titanic because it is a Romantic movie?
Then you might also like A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about that book?
Veronica Roth also wrote The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
That's right. Did you know that Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal?
The Proposal has genre Romance Film
You're welcome!
Agatha Christie wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like those types of books?
I do. She also wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Special Relationship. Do you like her movies?
Yes, it is a great sequel to Skyfall. You should check it out.
Ralph Fiennes starred in Half-Blood Prince and Mirnanda Richardson.
John Woo directed The World According to Garp. Have you seen it?
Red Cliff is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might also enjoy the War film starring Luo Guanzhong. It is a war film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Eric Darnell. Eric Darnell starred in The Devil's Advocate.
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Confessions of a Vengeance. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to The Worlds End.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is an action film directed by Edgar Wright. It was released in 2014.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes, he played for the Seattle Seahawks in the 2012 summer Olympics.
Yes, he plays for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1942.
C.S. Lewis also wrote A Son of the Circus which was released in 1961.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Andy Murray. He is a professional tennis player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he's from London. Did you know that he was born in London?
I didn't know that, I am not a huge fan of that sport. Did you know he won the 2012 Olympics?
Yes, that's true. Did you know that he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
He is an author who wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum. Do you like his work?
Yes, Walt Whitman is a writer and a journalist. He wrote and directed The Longest Yard.
Leaves of Grass is considered Children's Literature and Children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Grisham. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a great movie starring Hill Harper.
Yes, Paul Walker starred in The Skulls with Hill Harper.
I don't have that information at the moment. But I'm sorry.
Peter Krause starred in Wicked which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Truman Show is a comedy. It also starred Jim Carrey. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders in the India National Cricket team.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you read that?
Sure, Still Dream About You is a Romance novel that was released in 2005
I don't have access to that information
You're welcome!
Toy Story 3 was written by Tim Burton and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
That's the same year that A Bug's Life was released.
Toy Story 3 is based on the true story of a young boy who lives in New York City, New York City. It is based on the true story of a young boy who has lost his life.
Memento is a Thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
That's a great psychological thriller. You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it's a thriller that you might like.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel is an author who wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses was written by Jean M Auel and is considered a historical fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, you're right! "It's a Historical Novel" written by Jean Rhys.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero is part of the series The Battle of the Labyrinth.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
He plays for Real Madrid C.F. and the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he's a midfielder.
I am not a huge football fan but I do enjoy watching a few games. I am a big football fan.
i don't follow soccer so I don't really follow it. do you like soccer?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Ryan Gosling starred in it?
She wrote Pretty Little Liard, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes. Pretty Little Liars is also a teen drama on television. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! It was written by Neil Gaiman and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage also starred in The Family Man?
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Sure. I will do that right away.
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is written by John Steinbeck. The next in the series is The Grapes of Wrath.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Secret River is a novel that was written by John Steinbeck. It is based on the novel of the same name.
Yes, Chelsea is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C..
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I'm more of a football fan myself.
Yes, they are part of the NFL. The team is part of the NFC South division.
I don't have that information at this time.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're owned by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Michael Higgins wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance of the World. Are you a fan?
Yes, he also wrote The Hero of Ages, which was released in 2014.
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
It's a crime fiction movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
I don't have that information, but David Fincher also directed Zodiac, which is a crime thriller.
Then you might also like The Hunger Games, which is a crime thriller.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies such as X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and more. What genre do you prefer?
Sure, Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2. He also starred in The Usual Suspects.
Yes, it is a Thriller based on a true story.
I like super hero Thrillers, but I'm more of a Thriller fan.
You're welcome.
Yes, that was a great movie. Unbreakable is a Thriller starring Bruce Willis. It is a thriller. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in Unbreakable. Have you seen that one?
I would recommend The Avengers. It is a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Terry Gilliam directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is written by Terry Gilliam, it is based on the true story of Doctor Parnassus.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, The Lucky One is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Wedding Planner? It is a Romance novel.
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking was written by Frances Mayes. It's a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
Then you might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear. Have you read that one yet?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and High School Musical. Have you seen any of those?
eXistenZ is a comedy. do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was written by Julie Garwood. She's also a writer and an actress.
She was born in Los Angeles. She wrote a book called Into the Water.
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places and it's a mystery. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Scar is written by Roland Emmerich and it is a mystery.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, The Theory of Everything was directed by Lames Marsh. Did you know he also starred in The Theory of Everything?
The King is a drama/mystery movie that was released in 1999.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Ronny Cox starred in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You're welcome
Do you like that book because it is written by David J. Skal?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Brave was directed by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Brave. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen the movie Brave? It's a great movie with the kids.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He plays for Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national team.
Yes, he plays with Luis Fabiano too
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you seen it?
She also wrote The Shadows, which is a drama. Have you heard of it?
It's a great movie! It's also a drama. It's also a drama.
I'll do that right away.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about it either. I know a bit about it. I don't really follow it.
I don't watch that much but I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays for the Indian national team.
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1985.
It was released in 1985. It's a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an author who wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
I don't have a copy in English but Wild Cards is in English and Rules of Attraction is in English.
Great! Simone Elkeles also wrote Rules of Attraction, which is a fiction book.
Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. He also starred in The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen that?
Harold Ramis is a comedy and starred in Stripes, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day is a comedy
Steve Jobs wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
I don't have that information at this time. But, I can tell you that Steve Jobs was influenced by Tom Hanks, Steve Jobs, and Steve Jobs.
Sure! You might also like the book After Earth, which was released in 2011.
Yes, Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you heard of it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks wrote True Believer. Would you like to hear more books by him?
Yes, True Believer was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
At First Sight has genre Thriller.
You're welcome
That's a great cowboys movie! It was written by Frances Mayes. It is a very good movie.
Yes, the Dallas Cheerleaders are one of the best teams in the American Football Conference.
Yes, the cowboys wanted to make such an art collection as an art collection.
Yes, he is an author and an athlete. He starred in Jumbo.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. Did you know that he is an actor?
I like horror films, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of badminton but I've heard that she's a good athlete.
No, I haven't. Isn't Zlatan an athlete?
Yes, she plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national football team.
Yes, I love his music! He is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you know any of his songs?
Yes, she's famous for writing The Voice. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but I do know he is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Kick Ass starred Keanu Reeves, Matt Damon, and Chris Rock. Do you like any of those actors?
Kick-Ass is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Nicolas Cage was the director of Kick-Ass.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He first starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is one of my favorite artists, he is a musician and songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he is a songwriter. I do know he is a musician.
I don't have that information, but I know he is a musician.
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She's a great actress. She was also in The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Its a thriller, and a mystery. It was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It was written by Steven Zaillian. Are you a fan?
Gangster Squad is a similar movie to Gangster Squad.
Schindler's List was written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about him?
You're welcome.
Do you like the book because it is written by James Dashner or because it is a family movie?
I'm not a big fan of the same genre. However, I can tell you that The Great Gatsby is also in the same genre.
If you like Fiction, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a great book. It was written by John Green and is a children's book.
Sure, Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del patriarca. Have you read that?
I do. El juego del viento is written by Lucia Graves, who also wrote El juego del viento.
It was released in 2008. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, she is an actress who starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Are you a fan?
I do not have that information
She starred in The Muppets, which is a comedy
No I don't but I know her real name is Lady Gaga
I don't know much about Baltimore Ravens, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like Football?
I don't really know much about him other than he is a quarterback.
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might also like Shadow Kiss by Richelle Mead. It's part of a series.
The Fault in Our Stars is starred by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, it was written by John Green and released in 2006.
I don't have any information on other books by Lois Lowry, but if you're interested in other speculative fiction books you may want to check out Without Fail.
The Giver is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
You might enjoy The Crucible or The Crucible. Have you read those?
Moonrise Kingdom was written by Anne Hathaway. She also wrote The Last Man and The Son of Neptune which are similar.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he's a writer as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it's a great movie.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Pulp Fiction is written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It's a Thriller based on a novel that was written by Roger Avary.
He's also starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2010.
Yes, I love her! She starred in A View to a Kill. Have you seen that movie?
She was also in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do. Did you know that Lady Gaga is a singer-songwriter?
That's a great song! Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I'm not sure, but it's similar to Lady Gaga when she first came out.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1926 and The First Man in Rome was written in English.
The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough. It was released in 1977.
Alison Doody has starred in A View to Kill and A Prayer for the Dying. Have you seen those?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1996
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was written by Steven Spielberg, he is a great actor
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a great book by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. I don't have that information. However, I'm sorry.
Yes, he wrote The Muse which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Muse is a great movie. Martin Scorsese starred in The Muse. Did you know that Martin Scorsese starred in The Muse?
I do! It is a great family movie. It also stars Joe Pesci.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen Despicable Me 2 with the son, Despicable Me 2 with his son, Nick Cassavetes. Have you seen it?
Steve Carell brings to my son's watch list. Steve Carell also starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote The Power of Habit. Have you heard of it?
She wrote The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Will Smith starred in the movie.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
The Patriots lost to XXXXVV, did you know that?
That's right! I've been meaning to see Gisele's wife, Gisele, too.
I love John Lennon, he wrote The Yellow Submarine and The Yellow Submarine.
I don't know any other songs he's written, but I do know that he's a musician too.
Ant Man was written by Stan Lee. He also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
I don't have any of them but I do have a few comic books. Some of my favorites are The Incredibles and The Manchurian Candidate.
You might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by James Dashner and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Pearl Harbor is a war movie. Other movies in that genre include The Handmaid's Tale
Yes, it is a great movie written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
I do, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't really know much about basketball but I do know he plays for the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure if it's a basketball movie, but it's a comedy.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard it's a good movie.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
The packer is a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
I'm more of a football fan. But I'm more of a football fan.
Robert Duvall starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a snowboarder. Do you like snowboard?
I don't think so, but he did use those games as well.
I don't know, but I know he was also in Friends with Benefits, which is a comedy.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Philip K. Dick also wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
The Adjustment Bureau is a sci-fi movie starring Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.
No, I haven't seen it either. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, it was written by Paulo Coelho and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information
You're welcome
Do you like the book because it is speculative fiction?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The very hungry caterpillar is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but The Mixed-Up Chameleon is a children's literature.
Another great children's book is The Invisible Man. Have you read that?
I don't have any other information on White Fang. I do not have any information on that.
Yes, eric Carle wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him except he plays for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but I do know that the team is owned by John Green.
Yes, she is a very talented tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
The Historian has genre Historical period drama and The Swan Thieves has genre Historical period drama.
Emile Zola wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome.
A Little Princess is written by A Little Princess. Would you like to know more about A Little Princess?
Yes, it was also written by John Updike. It is a Children's literature.
Yes, you're right. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
I'm more of a fan of the Boston Nets. Who's your favorite player?
I don't have that information, but I do know that he's a basketball player.
I'm not a huge fan of the Greek Freaks. I'm more of a fan of the Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Oedekerk.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Linkin Park is still a member of the group.
The Road is a Thriller written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Thrillers?
The Road is part of a series. The next book in the series is Post-Apocalyptic fiction called The Road.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a science fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he wrote a whole series of science fiction books. I think you'll enjoy that.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama movie?
Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do. That Thing You Do is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She is an actress who starred in Tina Fey. She starred in a few movies. She's starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more?
I haven't seen that yet, but i know her on Saturday Night Live. Did you know she was born in London?
I haven't seen that one yet, but i haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen it.
Yes, it's a satire show.
Yes, it's a satire show based in England.
Isn't he a football player? I think he plays for the Brazilian National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I know he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, she was born in Los Angeles and plays for the Chile National Football team.
I love her song Till the World Ends. Do you like her?
Yeah, I'm more of a fan of Adele. I'm more of a fan of hers.
Yes, Yellow Submarine is a great song. I like it too.
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was. It was released in the early 1070's.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1971.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury is written by Ray Bradbury. Ray Bradbury has genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction books?
Yes, it's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Illustrated Man is written by Ray Bradbury. It's part of the Wizard's First Rule series.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Freddy vs Jason and Freddy vs Jason Jason
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Seth Gordon starred in Freakonomics.
I believe he plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Belgium national football team.
Yes, she's a famous woman. She was born in Honolulu.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in The Terminator and The Time Machine. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Quentin Tarantino and is a Thriller.
Ella Enchanted is written by Sylvester Stallone and is a drama
There is information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Yes, Irwin kershner starred in The Last Temptation and The Return of the King. Have you seen either of those?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is written by Robert Mark Kamen. He also starred in The Last Man Called Horse.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1850.
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction.
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and starred Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Yes, he was
No I haven't. Is that a Romantic Comedy?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It is a Fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Portable Atheist was written by Paul Theroux. He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Memoir of the Face of the Darkness.
Yes, it's in the audiobook.
Peter Pan is written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like her work?
It was released in 1904 and written by Michael Barrie.
J.M. Barrie co-wrote the play.
The play was written in English and was released in 1904.
You're welcome!
Emily Bronte wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Wuthering Heights is a novel.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Do you like his work?
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is written by Spirit Bound and is part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You might also like Wicked Lovely or Wicked Lovely. They are both urban fantasy.
Yes, he is a Swiss professional tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I am a fan of tennis. Do you have a favorite team?
That's amazing! I haven't seen that one yet, but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I didn't realize that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
The Tales of Beedle the Bar is similar
You are welcome.
Yes, The Help was adapted into a film starring Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
She's a great actress. She's also a voiceover actor. She's also a voiceover actor.
I don't have that information, but Tate Taylor also starred in Water for Elephants, which is a drama.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Maze Runner. Have you seen that?
That's right! State Fair was directed by Tony Cosinski, who also directed Monsters Inc.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in The River Thames?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Sure, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide.
Yes. The Great Santini is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Flannery O'Conner is an author who wrote The Water is Wide.
Wise Blood is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens. Have you seen it?
Bill Paxton has been in a lot of great films such as The Road to Little Dribbling and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tombstone also starred Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
You're welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
She writes romance and crime fiction novels as well as romance and crime fiction novels.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Verhoeven. He was also in The Last Hero. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Chronicles of Narnia which is a drama.
Total Recall is a science fiction film that was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're right! Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Tony Gilroy and released in 2014.
Undertow is a drama released in 2012.
I don't have that information at this time but I can tell you that Jane Austen also starred in the movie
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Collateral was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Public Enemies was released in 2014.
I'd recommend The Manchurian Candidate, which is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but Prometheus is starring Tom Hanks.
I don't have that information, but Sean Harris also starred in The Prometheus.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. They are owned by Bill Neukom and owned by Bill Neukom.
They went to the World Series a few times in 2014.
I'm a huge fan of the Oakland A's. Who is your favorite team?
The Equalizer stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House.
I don't have that information, but James Wilcox starred in The Eye, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional tennis player from China. He plays for the London 2012 Summer Olympic games.
Yes, he is from China. He is actually from China. I believe he is also from China.
Yes, that's right. It's a great movie!
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Guy Cardwell. Would you like more information about this author?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Mark Twain. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Mark Twain. It's a children's book.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice is one of the most popular novels in the world.
Persuasion is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Hunt for Red October was written by John Green and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Hunt for Red October was released in 2012. It's a Historical period drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what genre do you like?
Yes, he was in Zoolander. Did you know that Owen Wilson starred in it?
Yes, he was. Luke Wilson also starred in the Royal Tenenbaums.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very talented singer. I like her song Crossroads. What about you?
I don't know too much about her but Kevin Federline was a fan of hers. I know she was influenced by her and she was influenced by her.
Yes, Black Snake Moan was a great movie. Would you like me to play it for you?
The Terminal is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I don't have that information at the moment, but I can tell you that it is a book that was released in 2012 and in the English language.
Yes, The Terminal was a great movie. It also starred Tom Hanks, who is a great actor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Steve McQueen directed The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information at the moment.
The Towering Inferno is a Romantic Comedy. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. He also wrote The Secret of Joy and The Secret of Joy.
The Grouchy Ladybug is written by Marie Lu. She also wrote Heart of Darkness.
The Picture of Dorian Gray is a picture book in the same genre
That's a Thriller. Do you like that genre? Monty Python was written by Steve Buscemi.
It was released in 1937.
The Writers of Oz is Speculative Fiction
Yes, that's right. The Adventure Genre is Adventure.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Argentina national football team.
Yes, it's such a fun sport to watch. Did you know he was born in Barcelona?
Yes, Louis van Gaal is a great coach. I wonder if they are doing well this year.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. Do you like his movies?
Harrison Ford starred in The Hunger Games, which is a crime fiction movie.
Sure, I'll do that.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
The Perks of Being a Walflower is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Emma Watson starred in it as well.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Stephen Chbosky directed The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Gary Paulsen and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and Spain National Football team.
I'm more of a Dodgers fan. I'm more of a Dodgers fan. Do you like them?
Yes, they are a goof team. what about you?
That's right! That was the year that they won the World Series XLVIII.
I'm not a fan of the world series but I've heard good things about it.
The Devil Wears Prada was written by Lauren Oliver who also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Do you like her work?
Aline Brosh McKenna wrote The Devil Wears Prada and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen them?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen that?
Yes, you are correct. Laurie Metcalf starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
The Legend of Zorro is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other thrillers. Is there anything I can help with?
You're welcome!
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a Romance.
Yes, it is in Black-White
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about it but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching it. How about you?
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Jonathan Dayton.
Alan Arkin has been in a number of films in the genre of Speculative Fiction, Fantasy, and Action.
Yes, she is a tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams.
I don't have that information, but she is #1 on the WTA tour now.
You're welcome.
David Oliver Relin has written a number of books, including The Crucible and The Gift. Have you heard of those?
Sure! Ralph Steadman is an American writer, director, and director. He wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries. Have you seen it?
Yes, he has worked on many books including The Bourne Legacy and The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome!
The genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote The Secret of Joy, The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is speculative fiction
It was released in 2001, it is a fantasy novel.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I didn't know he played for the Broncos but he did coach for the Broncos.
Yes, he is a free agent.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Argentina National Football League. Do you like soccer?
He plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Argentina National Football League.
Yeah, I'm more of a football fan. I don't really follow soccer either.
Do you like the author Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney wrote The Long Haul.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
He directed Apocalypto, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is a Romance film that was directed by Apocalypto.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Other books by Veronica Roth include The Wedding Planner and The Gift.
You're welcome.
Yes,It was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You was written by Suzanne Collins. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I don't know any other books she wrote, but I do know that it is a romance novel.
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince are good ones.
The Golden Compass was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote The Golden Compass and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Renny Harlin wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Yvonne Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information at this time. However, I can tell you that Yvonne Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of those songs?
I like Shakira more tho. She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
That's right! Did you know that he starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
Me Before You is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like his work?
Me Before You is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like him?
It's a great movie! It was written by John Green, who also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that?
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her other than that she's a tennis player.
I agree, she is a great athlete. I like watching her from time to time.
Yes, they are both great tennis players. Do you like tennis?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do like their coach Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a professional basketball player
I haven't seen it a lot but I've heard it's a good one. I've heard it's a lot about it
Yes, he plays for the Wales National Football team.
Not really, I watch it from time to time. I'm more of a football fan.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide.
The Water is Wide
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide
I hope you enjoy it
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Do you like him?
Well, it was written by Woody Allen. It's a great movie. It's a comedy.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a Classic Spaghetti Western was written by Steve Oedekerk. It's a great action movie.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a drama film. Do you like dramas?
Well, if you like drama, you might also like The Manchurian Candidate, or The Manchurian Candidate.
The Manchurian Candidate is written by John Carpenter and released in 1999. It's a drama/mystery.
I'm sorry, I don't have the older version.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy movies?
Yes, he is a DJ, he is a DJ, Record producer and Record producer. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a DJ, DJ, DJ, and DJ. He was born in Houston
I don't really know much about Andy Murray but I do know he's a tennis player but I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you like tennis?
I like tennis. I am more of a tennis fan. What about you?
I've been wanting to see a match since it's been a long time since I watched the match.
Sylvia Day wrote Three Cups of Tea. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2013
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Other Guys. Have you seen those movies?
She's a very talented singer. She's also a singer and a singer. Do you know any of her songs?
Did you know that she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Pop Video?
I like Sia Furler. She's a great singer. I'm more of a fan of hers. She's from New Zealand.
I don't think so, I'm more of a fan of hers. I'm more of a fan of hers.
Isn't he a cricket player from Dehli? I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket.
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket.
Yes, Hayden Panettiere starred in that movie as well.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Slipstream. Bill Paxton starred in it as well.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Kevin Costner also starred in Field of Dreams?
I don't have that information, but Kevin Costner was also in 1989.
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Time Traveler's Wife.
I would recommend The Hobbit: The Shadows of the Planet of the Apes, which is a fantasy.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones was written by Arthur C. Clarke. It's a historical period drama.
Yes, Kevin Zegers is the guy who starred in Zoom.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret? was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
She tends to write a lot of dramas. One of my favorites is To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you read it?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player from India? I don't really know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of the sport but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects and it is a mystery. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is a musical, a musical, a musical, and a musical. Do you like musicals?
It also starred Kevin Spacey, who also starred in A Bug's Life.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. She is a singer and a singer. Isn't she a singer?
The Chicago Cubs are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I haven't really followed them but I've been liking the Giants since they won the 2010 PGA Championship.
I haven't but I've been meaning to go to the World Series a few times.
Yes, he's a great quarterback. He's a great quarterback.
I'm not sure when it came out, but it's pretty cool.
Yes, Louis Sachar starred in What's Up in the Air. Have you seen it?
The Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar, who also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down.
I don't have that information but Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature.
I don't really follow golf, but I do know that Phil won the 2010 PGA Championship.
I didn't know he is a golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
I didn't know it was a drama. It was also a tv drama.
I hope you enjoy them!
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by H.G. Wells.
The Time Machine was released in 2010.
No I haven't seen it yet but I've heard it's a good movie.
You're welcome
A Space Odyssey is a sci-fi movie starring Jennifer Lawrence who also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
I do! He is a shooting guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about it either. I know that Willie Green is a shooting guard, right?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the team but I do know that the team is owned by George Steinbrenner.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Psycho is written by Neil Gaiman and is a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
Psycho starred Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
I don't have that information, but Robert Blommmm, starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
I'm not a big soccer fan but I've heard they're good. Do you like soccer?
Yes, they're one of the best businessperson in the league.
You're right! I'm glad I could help.
Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like movies by Sylvester Stallone?
I don't have any information on any other movies he's acted in, but if you like action, he also starred in White Oleander. Have you seen that?
Creed is a Thriller based on the true story of a young boy who lost his life. It is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called  [Z no shmetsu].
The Great Train Robbery was released in 2015. It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he directed The Incredibles. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information at this time but I know it was written by Frank Beddor
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is in the Romance genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Jane Austen is influenced by William Shakespeare.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film starring Omar Sy. Do you like adventure films?
You might also enjoy the sequel, X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Eric Stoltz starred in The Rules of Attraction and The Rules of Attraction.
That's a great movie! It also stars Patsy Kensit and Rosanna Arquett. It is a Thriller.
Yes, it is. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
That's a great one! It was written by Mark Twain. It was released in 1999.
They're not my favorite team but I've heard they're pretty good. Do you like them?
I don't have that information, but Jerry Jones also coached the Cowboys.
There are four in fact: The Cowboys are #1 in the NFC South.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
It's a sci-fi movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in any of his other movies?
I'm not sure if Sean Connery starred in Never Again, but he also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
Gillian Flynn. Dark Places is a mystery novel. Do you like mysteries?
Gone Girl is another great one. Gone Girl is another great one. Have you read that?
Gillian Flynn is also a director. He wrote Dark Places, which was released in 2011.
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer. I think you'll enjoy it.
I do. Gone Girl and Gone Girl are a couple good ones.
Great. Have a great day!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the India National Cricket team.
I don't really know much about cricket but I do know that he's from India.
No I haven't but I've heard it's a lot of hype about it.
I'm a huge fan of the sports. I'm more of a baseball fan.
You too!
Yes, Houston Rockets is a National Basketball Association Association Association of Basketball Professionals of the Year
Looper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen Warlock 2? It's a great movie.
Yes, it's a zombie movie. Would you like to know more about it?
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby is a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about The Great Gatsby?
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure when they came out, but they're in English.
Yes, Im Westen nichts Neues was released in 2011.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her other than that she is a tennis player.
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
That's pretty much all I know about her sister Serena Williams. Do you know anything about her?
Yes, that's a great sport to watch.
That's a great idea. I'm a huge fan of fashion.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams and starred Tom Hanks?
Tennessee Williams is one of the stars of A Streetcar Named Desire.
I don't have that information
You're welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French, who also wrote The Nightingale and In the Woods.
In the Woods was written by Tana French and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I know a few things about him. I know he's a writer, a musician, and a musician. He's also a musician, a musician, and a musician.
He's been in a number of popular films, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, World War Z, and X-Men 2.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World War Z.
You're welcome
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North. They are 2nd in the NFC North.
I'm more of a fan of the New England Patriots. They're 1st in the NFL.
Andrew Garfield has starred in a number of films, including The Walking Dead, The Walking Dead, and The Walking Dead. Have you seen any of those?
The Social Network is a biographical film based on the true story of aristocrat Isaac Hayes who lost his life.
Social Network is a Social Network. The Other Boleyn Pope is a Social Network.
Social Network was released in 1999 and the Music Directors were responsible for the film.
Social Network is a social Network. It's a social Network.
2010 was written by Social Network and it is a biographical film.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen it?
Yes, Joan Allen starred in The Ice Storm. Did you know that she also starred in The Ice Storm?
He also wrote The Ice Storm. Did you know that Joan Allen starred in that movie?
Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but it's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
Milk and Honey was written by Sarah J Maas. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, released in 1817.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in English.
No, I haven't, but I've read that one. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I know she plays badminton. I don't follow badminton but I do know that she plays badminton.
I don't have that information, but I know she played in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Yes, it was played in the Commonwealth Games in India.
Sure, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by Bill Bryson. Would you like to read other books by him?
Martin McDonagh is a director, director and director. He directed The Big Lebowski. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is a scientist. He is also a scientist.
Yes, he directed The Devil's Advocate. It's a thriller.
Robin Williams starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It is also a family movie.
We Bought A Zoo is starring Bruce Willis. It is a great family movie.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Homer wrote The Simpsons, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Iliad and the Odyssey is a Romance novel. Do you enjoy Romance novels?
Beowulf is considered a classic. It's part of a series.
I don't really know much about football but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I didn't realize it was a Super Bowl XXXV where the Giants were runner up in Super Bowl XXVIII.
I don't think so, but they're having a good season.
The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock. It is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her work?
She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
Oceans 8, The Blind Side is a romantic comedy that was released in 1999.
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
Yes it is. It was released in 2010.
Yes it was. It was released in 2010.
They're coached by Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
The team is owned by Mike Woodson
I don't have that information but I do know that the team is owned by John Fox
You are welcome
Sure, In Bruges is written by Sergio Leone. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Colin Farrell starred in The Road to Little Dribbling which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
You might also like The Women of Brewster Place, which is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
John Fox is a member of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I do. I'm more of a Thriller fan. Do you have a favorite Triller?
Yes, Matt Schulza is a great actor. Did you know he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
You're welcome!
Do you like the genre or the author, Michael Grant?
Yes, it is based on the book.
Great, I will add it to your read list.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth is an American professional golfer born in Dallas, Texas.
No I don't. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure, but it's nice to watch it.
Yes, I am. She's a great actress. She's been in a number of shows, including The Secret of Moonacre, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, she's written a lot of poetry. I think you'll like it. She's also influenced by Stephen King.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Yes, he wrote она и мир and мир.
James Franco is an actor who starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a drama/mystery film that was released in 2011.
This is the End is a comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
I'm more of a fan of American Football, but I'm more of a fan of American Football. What about you?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie. Did you know that he also starred in The Camp Rock?
That's right! Doctor Zhivago is a great movie. I'm a Zhivago fan myself.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He also wrote The Lightning Thief and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, The Sea of Monsters is a great one
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Julia : Film Executive Produced by Steven Spielberg
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Peel Pie Society.
Yes, he starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. Ray Bradbury has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure but Ray Bradbury wrote a book called The Invisible Man.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 1994
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Jordan Spieth is an American professional golfer born in Dallas, Texas.
That was a great movie. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
That's a great movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, she was. She was also in Frida.
Joe Morton starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Unforgivable Blackness is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That's a great choice. Total Recall is written by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she is an athlete that plays badminton. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is from Hisar. Did you know he won the 2012 Olympics?
Thor stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen that one yet, but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
He is a great actor. He starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Then you might like The Amazing Spider-Man 2 or The Incredible Hulk.
Eric Brees wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller and The Final Destination 2 is a psychological thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film that was directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees wrote and directed The Final Destination 2. It is based on the fantasy genre.
Sure, William Lee Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination.
Sure, October Sky is a Sci-Fi film starring Eric Brees. It is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. She is one of my favorite singer-songwriters. Did you know she was born in Lagos?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it is a comedy.
You're welcome. She was born in London.
Sure, he directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
Pencil 300 is a Romantic Comedy. Ink 300 is a Romantic Comedy.
Sure, it is a war movie. It is based on the true story of a man who lives in the United States.
Sure. 300 starred Michael Fassbender and Michael Fassbender.
I do! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a Thriller starring Kill Bill Bill: Vol. 1 and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like Thrillers?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she wrote Persuasion. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, it is adapted from a novel by Jane Austen. Do you like her books?
It is written by Cassandra Clare. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Mortal Instruments genre is speculative fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that movie?
Sure Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder and he also starred in The Last Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
I don't know much about the team but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm more of a football fan. What's your favorite team?
My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or the genre?
There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. She also wrote Where There's Smoke.
No, I'm not a huge fan of Crime Fiction. I'm more of a Thriller fan.
I don't watch much soccer but I do watch the World Cup. Who's your favorite player?
I don't have much information on the sport but I do have a favorite team from the New England Patriots.
I'll have to check it out!
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you heard of that one?
The Sweet Far Thing is Speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of Children's Literature.
The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series. The Diviners is part of a series of books in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about these books?
Yes Milan Kundera plays for FC Barcelona and FC Barcelona.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Czech Republic.
You're welcome.
I do! He is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
Drew Brees is a quarterback for the Saints, but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you watch the Saints?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is an American professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, there is a lot of information available about this young age.
Wow that's interesting. Did you know that U.S. Women's Open was released in 2005?
Mike Starr starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. It also starred Matt Damon and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those actors?
Yes, it was released in 1994.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know that he starred in a few movies? I'm not a fan of his.
I didn't know he won that award, but he did have a good voice.
I don't have that information. I know he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Monsters Inc is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is written by Frank Beddor
You might like The Running Man or The Running Man. Have you seen those?
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and Bridesmaids. Have you read those?
The Ship of Brides is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
No I haven't, but I've read The Sixth Sacred Stones by Matthew Reilly. Do you like his work?
I will. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge tennis fan but I do like tennis. Do you like tennis?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I don't think so, but I do like Serena Williams. She lost against Roger Federer.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Chronicles of Narnia which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1897.
Cool! Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1892, the same year Yellow Wallpaper was released.
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass?
You're welcome!
I have not, but it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Thriller. Do you like the genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it's similar to The Insurgent.
It was released in 2011. It's a Children's Literature novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She is a very talented singer, songwriter, and musician. I like her song a little. What do you think?
She sings a thousand years and plays a thousand years. Do you know what kind of music she plays?
I don't think so, but I'm sure she's a singer.
Do you like Thor because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, he starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one yet?
She also wrote Where There's Smoke. Would you like to know more?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national football team.
I do like the Premier League. Do you have a favorite player?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who is yours?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, California. Do you like the Cleveland Browns?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Cleveland Browns. I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Cleveland Browns.
I don't know much about the Browns, but I do know that he is a coach for the Cleveland Browns. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Sure, Peter Weir directed The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was directed by Peter Weir. It is a Romance/Drama movie.
She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers. Have you seen either of those?
Did you know that she is friends with Selena Gomez?
Number the Stars is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote When the Wind Blows, which is also Speculative Fiction.
Yes, the book is categorized as science fiction and science fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Charlotte's Web which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, it was adapted from a play written by Rosemary Wells and starred in Charlotte's Web.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in a lot of movies. Bradly Cooper starred in Bradly Cooper's work, including The Secret Life of Bee Bees, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Secret of Joy. Have you seen any of those?
Sure. Some other comedy films you might enjoy include The Running Man and The Running Man.
Sure, Submarine is a drama, and was released in 2014.
Harrison Ford starred in the Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
You're welcome!
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Douglas Adams wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. Have you read those?
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is written by Douglas Adams. It is a Fiction/ Adventure book. Would you like to hear more about it?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear other science fiction books by him?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I like contemporary R & B but I'm more of a K-pop boy band. How about you?
They are similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Do you like them?
I'm more of a fan of the Nsync fan. I'm more of a fan of theirs.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a linebacker. Did you know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan.
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Similar to TRON: A World War II Story of Survival and Survival of the Planet Terror.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is written by Kevin Spacey. Kevin Spacey also released in 1997. Kevin Spacey also wrote The Green Hornet.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is a Taxi Driver starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great comedy. Do you like any other comedy genres?
That is a great movie! Denzel washington also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Rufus Sewell also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
She also starred in A Thousand Years. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a Romantic Comedy starring Emilia Fox. Would you like more recommendations for a biographical film?
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge tennis fan. Did you know that she is from Russia?
I did. That was a great movie. Did you know that Serena also starred in Hair Show?
American Gangster was a great movie. Smokin' Aces was written by Terry Pratchet. It was released in 1999.
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie.
Neil Burger directed The Throne of Fire and The Illustrated Man. Have you seen those?
It's a crime fiction.
You might like The Illusionist. It's a suspense film.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read X-Men Origins: Wolverine? It's a great book.
It was written by Terry Pratchet. It's a great read.
I'll do that right away.
Sure, Silence is written by Preston, who also wrote Silence. Do you like the genre of this book?
Broken Silence was released in 1994. Natasha Preston also wrote it.
You're welcome!
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium has genre Speculative fiction. Would you prefer Speculative fiction or Fantasy?
It was written by John Green. It's part of a series.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know that she is friends with Selena Gomez?
Yes, that's right. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes that's a song Papa Don't Preach was a romantic relationship with Madonna.
Yes she was in a couple of good movies. Did you know that Madonna starred in a lot of movies?
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Sean Connery?
Burn After Reading is a Thriller, written by David Ayer. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tilda Swinton was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Sure, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read either of those?
Zoo is another crime fiction by James Patterson that he wrote.
Nothing from Agatha Christie, Tess Gerritsen, This Lullaby, This Lullaby, This Lullaby, This Lullaby.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed The Nightingale.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen it?
Requiem of a Dreams starred Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood also starred in it.
Requiem of a Dreams starred Matt Damon and it also starred Evan Rachel Wood
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Apocalypse Now stars Tom Hanks, Chris Hemsworth, and Chris Hemsworth. Do you know any of them?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Apocalypse Now is a Romantic Comedy.
Mr. Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Hayley Atwell wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her work?
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her movies?
The Pillars of the Earth is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Baltimore Ravens, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like Football?
I don't watch much football but I do like the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he's a great coach. Did you know that he was born in Baltimore?
Mad Max Fury is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, she was also in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is from the United Kingdom.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that she is from the United Kingdom.
You're welcome.
Yes, E Lockhart wrote The Secret of Joy and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2007
Yes, We Were Liars was written by E. Lockhart. You might also like The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Well, it's a great book written by Richelle Mead. Have you read any of his other books?
Yes it is! Unknown by Didier Van Cauwelaert is a film adaptation.
Yes it's a foreign film. It's based on Greek Mythology.
I'll do that right away!
Yes, he plays for the Wales National Football team.
Yes, he's a Midfielder. I think he's from Cardiff.
I didn't. Is there anything else I can answer?
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and musician. She is also a musician and a musician.
I love her music, but I'm more of a fan of hers. Did you know she's also a singer?
Yes, she's a very talented person. I like her music a lot more. I'm more of a fan of hers.
I have not, but I have heard of it. Did you know it is a Romance novel?
No I haven't, but I've heard it's one of my favorite psychological thrillers. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays as a striker for Chicago Bulls and the Chicago Bulls.
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie! Kevin McNally starred in it as well. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it's a fiction novel.
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski plays for the Poland National Football team. Do you like football?
He plays Midfielder
Mr. Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Siren. Have you read either?
The Selection was written by Roland Emmerich. It is based on a novel of the same name.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
X-men is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like action, you might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
The first one is X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and the second is X-Men 2.
I didn't realize that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
"Sharp Objects" is the third book in the series, "Rogues."
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Life of Pi is a Thriller written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like his work?
It was written by Woody Allen. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
I'm not sure. But it's Fiction.
The Tipping Point is written by Tim Burton and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Tipping Point was written by Malcolm Gladwell, who also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
I don't think so, but Malcolm Gladwell also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is an excellent book.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liam starred in Fair Game and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
It is a Thriller.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar movie
Fair Game has genre Biography!
Yes, he directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also directed Amadeus. Have you seen that one?
I'll do that right away.
Do you like it because it is written by C.S. Lewis?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by C.S. Lewis and it is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 1987. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really follow it either. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I haven't. Isn't he a cricket player?
I love his music! I really like his wife Maria Sharapova. Have you heard of her?
I don't have that information at this time. I do know he is a singer, songwriter, and musician.
Sure, he has starred in a few movies like The Voice, The Voice, and The Voice. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by James Frey. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He wrote A Million Little Pieces. He also wrote A Song of Ice and Fire.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Michael Crichton has written a number of books including The Walking Dead and The Devil's Advocate.
A Killing in Zion is a science fiction thriller
You're welcome!
He plays for FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I do enjoy watching basketball. What is your favorite team?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he wrote "Go Further" which is a science fiction book.
I don't have any more information about it. However, I can tell you that he wrote "Go Further".
Sure. I've added that for you.
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a co-author who wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
I don't know what else he wrote, but El Aleph was released in 1886.
It's speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional football player who plays as a striker for the New England Patriots.
I don't have that information at this time but I do know that Tom Brady also starred in A.E. Hinton
Eva Mendes has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men
Yes it was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like him?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorite movies. He was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, World War Z, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen those?
It's a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Martin Scorsese and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by Robert De Niro and stars Robert De Niro.
That's a great choice. Step Brothers was written by John C. O'Brien, who also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
Then you might also like A Bug's Life, which is a comedy.
It is a Romantic Comedy. It was released in 1999.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Toy Story 2 is written by Tom Hanks.
Yes, Tom Hanks wrote the Toy Story 2 and it is a Romance Film.
Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne, which is a Romantic Comedy.
It's a Romantic Comedy. It's a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, it is a great comedy as well as a comedy.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie starring Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, that's right. I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns. I'm more of a fan of the Cleveland Browns.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
The Boston Red Sox is owned by John Farrell. Did you know that the team is owned by John Farrell?
Yes, he is from Monmouth Beach. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
I don't much of a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help with?
I didn't see that one, but I've seen The Doors. That was a great movie.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, it was co-written by John Seelye.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Oedekerk, who also wrote The Return of the Native
I don't have that information at the moment. However, I can tell you that it is based on the fantasy genre.
Yes, she is. Did you know she won the 2010 PGA Championship?
Yes, she composed Woohoo. Are you a fan?
I don't have a rap song but I do know it is a rap song.
Yes, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I do. Then you might also like The Namesake: The Return of the Native.
I do. Then you should check out Without Remorse. It's a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Secret of Dr. Seuss. Do you like Dr. Seuss?
Theodore is a Thriller and Theodore is a Thriller
I don't have that information
There is a book about the life of aristocrat Mary Shelley
You're welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the Kansas City Chiefs. The Chiefs are owned by Wayne Weaver.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Never let me Go was written by Neil Gaiman and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote a book called Never Let Me Go. It is a science-fiction book.
I'm not sure if he has made any movies. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Ruben Fleischer wrote The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain to name a few.
I do not have that information
I don't have that information
You are welcome
I do! It was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland. Are you a fan?
I don't have any information on that, but I do know that Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Akira Kurosawa starred in  [Z no shmetsu] and in  [Z no shmetsu].
Yojimbo stars Akira Kurosawa. It's a romantic comedy.
Toshiro Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo, Yojimbo.
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions is a psychological thriller. what else can i answer for you?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Escape from New York. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome have a good day
They're ok. They're owned by Wayne Weaver. They're coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, I do. Michael Jackson is an amazing singer. He starred in a lot of movies. He has starred in such films as The Nightingale and The Nightingale.
Yes, he starred in it. It was a great movie. Did you see it?
I don't have that information at this time. But if you like him he was in a relationship with Justin Timberlake.
Do you like Scream because it is a Thriller?
Max Brooks directed Scream, its a horror film. You might also like the sequel Scream, which is also a horror film.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a horror film. Have you seen it?
I do! The Boston Red Sox is coached by John Farrell. Are you a fan?
I'm more of a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, they've had a good season. I'm a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. They have a good season.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov directed Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 2011. It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like those genres?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed The Bodyguard and The Bodyguard. Have you seen those?
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Stephen Sommers starred in The Wolverine. Would you like to see it?
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by John Lee Hancock and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series was released in 2010.
There is also a film adaptation of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series that was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Marlon Brando starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Great! Then you might also like Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
You might also like Apocalypse Now. It's a classic!
The Green Bay Packers is a National Football League coached by Mike McCarthy. Do you like Football?
I haven't really followed him much but I know he was influenced by Tom Brady and Roger Federer.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but if you're a fan of the New England Patriots, he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Bears. They're coached by Doc Rivers. Do you like them?
That's interesting. They lost to the Cowboys last year.
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, 500 Days of Summer is a Romantic Comedy starring Christian Bale. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, Zooey Deschaney starred in Beautiful Creatures and Zooey Deschanel.
You Again was a Lie that was written and directed by David Ayer.
The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Do you like her work?
The Namesake is in the genre of speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and is a science fiction.
I'll do that right away!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in a lot of great movies. You might also like The Fountainhead or The Fountainhead. Have you seen those?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It's a Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! Blake Shelton is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in Nashville
I'm not sure but God Gave Me You is a country singer. Did you know that he's from Nashville?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Nashville.
Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and The Wiz. Have you heard of either?
Yes! Pretty Little Liars was a TV series called Pretty Little Liars, which also starred Sara Shepard.
Yes. Pretty Little Liars was written by Sara Shepard. It's also a teen drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a big soccer fan but I've heard they're good. Do you like soccer?
I'm a fan of American Football, but I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
That's really cool. I've been wanting to learn more about college football. What's your favorite sport?
I don't really know much about Pittsburgh Steelers but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the coach, but I'm a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. I'm more of a Steelers fan.
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a fan of the New Orleans Saints.
Yes, he is an American actor who starred in The Simpsons Movie. Are you a fan?
It's a great movie! It was written by David Fincher and starred Scarlett Johansson. It is a great movie.
I'll send it to your screen.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Relato de un náufrago
That was also the year that released The Color Purple
Mary Higgins Clark wrote that
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a memoir. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
William Landay wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller. It's also a drama.
Agatha Christie wrote Agatha Christie. She's also a writer. Do you like her work?
The Moving Finger was released in 2008
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read that?
What You Will is written by William Shakespeare. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, The Headhunters is starring Tom Hanks and Christian Bale.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Khaledhosseini and released in 2012.
Khaled Hosseini wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't have that information, but I know he's a tennis player.
Sure, he has written a number of movies, including Where the Sidewalk Ends: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness. Are you a fan?
La La Land is a biographical film about the life of aristocrat Mary Boone who is influenced by his wife and his wife. It is about her life.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in The Ice Storm and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
The Situation is a historical period drama that was released in 1999.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
I think he is a friend to Hayao Miyazaki
Its a comedy-drama that was released in 2010
Yes she was! That was a great show!
Yes, it is a great book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre? Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Monkey House.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is a fiction. Do you like fiction books?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
I've added it for you. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
The Wackness is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
The Wackness is starred by Jennifer Lawrence. It is a comedy and drama movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I do! Treasure Island is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his books?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read those?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1882.
That's a great book! It was released in 1882.
Do you like Roman Polanski because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Roman Polanski wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Adventures.
2008
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her books?
Sure, Jack London starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and Wolverine.
Yes, White Fang was adapted into a film. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan has been in a number of great movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, James Franco starred in it as well. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Judd Apatow starred in The Proposal which is a comedy.
Shadows was released in 2010.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Frankenstein is written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, it is a romance novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Kevin McNally starred in Fight Club. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
I don't have that information. However, if you're interested in reading English, he wrote The Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. Denzel Washington starred in The Siege.
The Siege is a great thriller. Denzel was also in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was. Volcano High was directed by David Ayer.
You are welcome.
I'm not a fan of the New York Mets, but I've heard they're one of the top in my opinion.
I don't watch much baseball either. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I like the LA Dodgers because they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure, Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Power of Habit.
I don't have that information at the moment.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is written by Stephen J Dubner.
Sure, I'll add that as well.
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Eli Wallach starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
A Fistful of Dollars is a good one. A Fistful of Dollars is a Psychological thriller.
Sure, I'll add The Good, the Bad and the Ugly to your list.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote Timequake and Timequake.
The Monkey House is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Sure, he's directed a lot of great movies like The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
It was starred by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
I'm not sure if it's a movie, but it's a Romantic Comedy.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unaccustomed Earth.
I don't have that information, but it's a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information at the moment, but I do know that it is a comedy-drama.
Brad Garrett starred in Brad Brad Garrett. Brad Garrett starred in Troy. Have you seen that movie yet?
Underdog is a Drama/Adventure Film that was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Jay Leno also starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
I don't really know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yes, the Philadelphia Eagles are owned by John Fox and owned by John Fox.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Cowboys.
I like the Patriots. I'm more of a fan of the New England Patriots.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, American Beauty, and American Beauty. Have you seen either of those?
It is a great movie! It also starred Tom Everett and Kevin Spacey. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is considered a historical period drama as well as historical period drama.
That's a great movie! It was written by Stan Lee. Do you like his work?
The Incredible Hulk is written by Tony Gilroy and starred Tom Hanks. You might also like Zombieland, X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I don't have that information, but it's a good choice.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it is starring Bruce Willis or because it is a thriller?
Then you might like Die Hard 2 or Die Hard 2. They are both action movies.
Sure, World War Z was written by Dan Brown and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in Wicked which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. She's a writer, actor, and actress.
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. I think you'll enjoy them.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is written by Hugh Jackman and stars Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds starred in Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie with Huge Jackman. It's a sci-fi.
I hope you enjoy it!
Louis Leterrier directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
The Transporter is a Thriller directed by Louis Leterrier. The Incredible Hulk stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
I don't have that information at the moment. But if you like Francois Berleand, you should check out Zoolander. He was also in that film.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is starring Bruce Willis. It is a great movie.
Yes, you are correct. Ben Affleck wrote and directed the movie.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel that was released in 1847. It is a Romance novel.
It was released in 1856.
It is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I can help with that. There is a book about the subject of the book, The Secret of Joy, which was released in 1856.
You're welcome!
Sure, Collateral was written by Roland Emmerich and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick. He also directed The Longest Yard. Have you seen that?
Tom Cruise starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure but it's a good movie.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
You may want to try The Devil's Advocate. It is a great movie.
It is a great movie. Enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? I don't know too much about him.
Did you know that he is also a musician?
I don't know too much about them but I do know that he is a musician too.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen that?
Yes, Star Trek III starred Leonard Nimoy. It is a Sci-Fi movie
Siddhartha is written by Hilda Rosner and is a speculative fiction.
Sure, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Journey to the East was released in 1922 as speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again and Dwayne Johnson is a great actor. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Are you a fan?
No, I am not a fan. I am more of a Fantasy fan.
Yes, and White Fang was written by Michelle Paver. Would you like to know more about her books?
Yes, it was. Would you like me to add it to your list?
The Strange Case of dr. Jekyll and m. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote The Green Mile.
The Strange Case of dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written in 1897.
You're welcome.
Vladimir Nabokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
Frank McCourt wrote a number of books he has written, such as The Gift, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring.
Teacher Man is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I love that book! It was written by Neil Gaiman and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Thomas Harris wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2010. It is a great read.
You're welcome!
I like Real Madrid C.F. coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Yes, he plays for Real Madrid C.F. from Barcelona.
Sure, Jack London wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read either of those?
Yes, White Fang is also classified as speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a Thriller. Do you like it?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Amelia also starred Richard Gere is a musician?
I didn't see it, but it's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie. Undisputed is written by Terry Pratchet. Did you see that movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
Cinder was released in 2009.
Yes, I do. Did you know that J.K. Rowling is an author who wrote Fansta Beast?
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy.
Great! You might also like the classic classic of the Transformers. Have you seen that?
I would recommend Wicked Lovely or Wicked Lovely.
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in many movies. Do you like his movies? He also starred in The Hunger Games.
Sure, Shrek 2 is written by Andrew Adamson and stars Mike Myers. Do you like him?
I'm not a fan of the New York Mets. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like the New York Mets?
I haven't been there yet, but I've heard it's been a while since I've been there.
I'm not sure, but I've heard it's a lot of information about it.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a TV series. It's a TV series.
I love Chealsea! She is a great actress. Did you know that she is from France?
I'm a huge fan of Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. I'm more of a fan of soccer. Do you have a favorite team?
I have never heard of that one. I'm more of an American Football fan.
King Kong was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Thomas Kretschmann is an American filmmaker, director, and director. He starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information
I do! I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a fan of the Panthers, but I've heard they're a good team.
Yes, he played for the Denver Broncos. Did you know that he was from the United Kingdom?
Great! Then you might also like The Longest Yard, which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the New York Mets, but I do like the New York Mets. Who's your favorite player?
I'm not a fan of MBA. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of an American Football fan. Do you have a favorite sport?
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I do like LeBron James and Kevin Durant because he is an athlete
No I haven't, but I know he is a great actor
It's a great movie! It was written by Tony Tanner and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like him?
Sure, you might like the sequel Men in Black: The Curse of the Black. It was written by Stephen King.
I am not sure but it was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome!
Batman Begins was directed by Tim Burton. Do you like his movies?
The Dark Knight has a sequel called The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome, enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper.
I'm not sure, but The Golden Fool was released in 2011.
Sure, Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote Timequake and Timequake. Have you read those?
Its a drama. Do you like those genres?
You might also like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Zoe's Tale
Sure, X was written by Tony Tanner and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Lake of Fire stars Robert Patton Oswalt. It's a great movie.
Lake of Fire is a war film that was directed by Tony Kaye and was released in 2011
You're welcome!
E.V. Rieu wrote
Then you might also like the book  by E.V. Rieu.
The Flattered Flying Fish was released in 1962 and Other Poems was released in 1962
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome!
Sure, If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and Felicia Bond. Do you like her books?
Yes, the children's literature was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her books?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
You might enjoy the movie called "Eclipse." It's a thriller.
I don't have when a stranger calls, but it's a psychological thriller.
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a non-fiction book released in 2011
Sure, I have added that for you.
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Godfather. Do you like Romance films?
He is a great basketball player. Did you know Boston Celtics won the NBA All Rookie Award?
Yes, he is. He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Chicago Bulls : Star in the National Basketball Association's Eastern Conference Central Division: Basketball, Basketball, Basketball, and Basketball
I don't think so, but I do know that the Chicago Bulls will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
True Believer is a Romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a thriller?
Sure, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
It's a romance novel that was made into a film.
You're welcome!
Yes, Linkin Park is a band band band owned by Jay-Z. Do you like their music?
That's right. Warner Bros. Records have a lot of rap like the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Do you like that genre?
Andrew Stanton directed The Skulls starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
It was written by Andrew Stanton and is a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in it. It is a Family/Animated Film.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, that's correct.
You might also like The Women of Brewster Place. it is a family movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an author and an athlete. He starred in Jumbo.
Yes, he was a famous bowler and was born in Yuvraj.
Yes, it was written by Simon Beaufoy and it was released in 2011.
Yes, he plays for the Oakland Raiders of the Oakland Raiders. Do you like him?
Yes, he also owns the Portland Trail Blazers, he is a basketball player.
I'm not sure if that's true. I'm more of a football fan myself.
The King's Speech is written by Charles Dickens and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a tv drama, do you like that genre?
Jesus of Nazareth was written by Philip Pullman and released in 1999.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is a singer-songwriter?
Yes, I do. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I don't know if she's a celebrity but I do like her music.
The Chicago Bears are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm more of a fan of the Cowboys, but I'm more of a fan of the Bears.
I'm going to add the commercials to my watch list.
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I know he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Yes, he does. He also play for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Brokeback Mountain is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, she is a great actress. She also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I don't really know much about football but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I don't really follow sports, but I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl XVII.
I don't really know much about football but I'm more of a football fan.
Do you like the author Harry Potter or the Half-Blood Prince?
The Looking Glass Wars is written by J.K. Rowling. It's a fantasy.
That's a great book! It was written by J.K. Rowling. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Woody Allen starred in The Hunt for Red October and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen either of those?
To Rome With Love is starred by Woody Allen. It's a Romantic Comedy. It's also a Romance.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Spirited Away is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Scream of the Banshee is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Then you might also like the book When We Were Very Young. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Marriage Plot and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
It's a Fiction, Novella. It was released in 1997.
It was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in The End. She's a great actress. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have that information, but it's a drama.
Sure, I'll send that right away.
Yes, I do. I love her music. Did you know she is from New York?
I haven't really heard much about her but I do know that she is a singer-songwriter and a musician
Yes, I like that song too. Did you know that she starred in The Lorax?
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed Inception.
Yes, he directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Prestige is in the genre of Thriller, as is The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a drama and action film.
You're welcome!
Dani Alves plays for the Brazil national football team FC Barcelona. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know Dani Alves plays as a forward.
I don't really know much about them. I do know they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
Yes, the team is doing well enough enough to make the playoffs. They're not doing well enough enough to make the playoffs.
I think they are doing well enough enough to make the playoffs. They're having a good season.
Sure! Do you like the author because it's a fantasy?
Charles Dickens is an author of social criticism and the 1860's was the year that released The Great Expectations.
Well, A Tale of Two Cities is another great book by Charles Dickens.
Great Expectations is a historical novel about the 1860's in the 18th century.
It's a great book about social criticism. It was released in 1910.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is an author. Did you know she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Son?
Yes, she wrote The Siren. She also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
It's a young-adult fiction that was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a Action/Adventure movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is action packed as well as a war packed movie. Do you like action packed?
I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but it's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four and Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You're welcome.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Yes, he wrote The Man Who Moved My Cheese and The Man Who Moved My Cheese.
It was written by Terry Pratchet. It's a great book.
Well, I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit and The Hobbit. Have you seen those?
The Hobbit was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Sure! The Woods was written by Bradley Cooper and released in 1994. It is a Romance Film.
The Words is a Historical period drama that was released in 2010.
The Hobbit was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Think and Grow Rich has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
yes it was. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven King, and The Raven King. Have you read any of those?
The Raven was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for FC Barcelona but I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Barcelona.
I don't have that information at this time but I do know that he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not sure but I do know that he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Aladdin was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
There is a sci-fi movie based on Aladdin
You might also like The Manchurian Candidate, it is on Netflix
He directed The Good Thief and The Good Thief. Have you seen those?
The Good Thief also starred Ralph Fiennes, who also starred in The Invisible Man. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed Reservoir Dogs, Reservoir Dogs, and Reservoir Dogs.
Yes, he was. Rob Zombie also starred in Grindhouse.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he is from India.
You're welcome.
Downfall is a war film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a Thriller starring Al Pacino. Al Pacino is a great actor.
The Baader Meinhof Complex is written by Bernd Eichinger and starred Alexandra Maria Lara. She is a great actress.
You're welcome.
I do! He is one of my favorite singer-songwriters. Did you know that he is from Santo Domingo is also an artist?
I'm more of a fan of hers. I'm more of a fan of hers. I'm more of a fan of hers.
That's a great song! Did you know that he starred in The Muppets?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Invisible Man.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome!
It was written by Paula Hawkins and is a Romance novel. Do you like that author?
Yes, it is definitely a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in The Wedding Planner and The Patron Saint of Liars. Have you seen either of those?
Youth in Revolt is a drama film
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond was written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Son of Neptune.
The Lord of War was a great movie! Djimon Hounsou starred in Undisputed.
The Lord of War was released in 2003.
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you like?
He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, he starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Devil Wears Prada was written by Lauren Oliver and she starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
She starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which Anne Hathaway was in.
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was released in 1999.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince was released that year.
Louis Sachar starred in What's Up Doc. Have you seen that movie?
Okay, if you like fiction, you'll like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Gilroy wrote Dan Gilroy and starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Wolverine. Have you seen those?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Bourne Legacy was released in 2013 and directed by Tony Gilroy. He also directed The Bourne Legacy.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Are you a fan?
Ponyo is an adventure film, it is a drama, do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Hayao Miyazaki starred in it.
I'm not sure, but it's a drama.
Yes, Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that?
There Will Be Blood stars Seth Rogen and Will Ferrell. Do you know any of them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Color Purple which is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate are both Drama and Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Thriller. Do you like the genre?
Have a great day!
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, he did
Its speculative fiction
You're welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The book is written by Steven Spielberg and it is a Thriller
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
I'm not a fan of Wladimir Klitschko. I'm more of a fan of his.
Yes, that's right. She's a very famous actress. She's also a musician and a musician.
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Seuss. Would you like to know other books by him?
Yes, that's right. Then you might also like The Cat in the Hat.
It's a fun family movie. It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Did you know that he is also an actor?
He's been in a lot of great movies such as The Jungle Book and The Fighter. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was in Superbad.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure, Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Liam Neeson is the star of the movie.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a drama.
Sure, there is a trailer about a boy who plays a role in the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like his movies?
Yes, you are correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie. It was directed by David Ayer.
Paul Winfield starred in The Women of Brewster Place and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Natascha McElhone is an actress. She starred in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre.
The Truman Show was released in 1999. It's a great movie!
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Deception Point is speculative fiction
Maurice Sendak wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! You might also like The Wedding Planner, it is a family movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'll play it for you.
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that?
Inland Empire is a drama. Do you like drama?
David Lynch starred in Idiocracy, which is a science fiction movie.
It was released in 1999. It's a good movie.
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers or Thrillers?
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a great movie. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
She starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Secret History. Have you seen either of those?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player.
I don't really know much about Serena but I do know that she is from Brazil.
Yes, he plays for the Miami Dolphins. I think he's a good player.
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by the same author who wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome!
I love her music. Did you know she is also a musician?
Yes, I do like her music. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
I didn't realize that. She's married to Sean Hayes. She's a great actress.
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you like?
Yes, that's correct. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like Sandra Bullock?
Sure, he also starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome
Radamel Falcao plays for the Colombia national football team the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about FC Porto other than he plays for the National Football team.
She's a great tennis player. I like her sister Serena better. Do you like her?
You're right. Brett Ratner is an actor, and he starred in The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure Michelle Pfeiffer starred in that movie, but it's a good thriller.
Sure, The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Wall and released in 2005. Would you like more titles by this author or genre?
It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Alice Sebold wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes. Lovely Bones was released in 2002 and it is a fiction.
Yes. Lovely Bones was released in 2002. It's based on the true story of aristocrat Isaac Hayes who is influenced by Isaac Hayes
Yes, it was written by Jack London.
You're welcome.
I think she is a good tennis player but I don't really know much about her. Do you like her?
Yes, Shoaib Malik plays tennis, but I don't really know much about it either.
I am not sure, but I do know that she is a professional tennis player.
Yes, she was. She was a very busy person.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. It's a fantasy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great drama. Did you know it was released in 2014 and directed by Melissa Benoist?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor. Troy Garity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did and he also starred in The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and also Timequake.
I don't think I've read that one yet, but I've heard it's one of my favorite time travel books.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, John Sayles wrote and directed it. Did you know that John Sayles also directed and produced the film?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I love Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 Masters Tournament and the 2010 Masters Tournament
Yes he won the 2005 Masters Tournament and he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament
I don't think I've heard of it. Is it a comedy?
Truman Capote wrote Truman Capote: The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read that?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help with, but if you're looking for something in the same genre, you might also like The Hunger Games.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a self-help book.
That's a good one! It was released in 2008. I think you'll like it.
Yes, I do. Sam Taylor-Johnson wrote Nowhere Boy. Have you seen that?
Nowhere Boy stars Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Fear and Loating in Las Vegas is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. Then you might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
V for Vendetta is considered a political thriller.
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read either of those?
The Virgin Blue is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
Frank Darabont is a great actor. Did you know that he starred in The Bourne Legacy?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's a good read.
I have not seen The Mist, I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen Annie Hall yet, but it's a Romantic Comedy if you like.
Yes, Dan Gilroy is an American professional golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
It is a Thriller
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
have you heard of The Bourne Legacy?
you are welcome
Sure, Where the Sidewalk Ends is written by artsy poetry. Do you like that genre?
Shel Silverstein also wrote A Light in the Attic. Have you heard of it?
The Giving Tree is written by Charlize Theron. She's known for writing The Missing Piece.
You're welcome!
I know he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. I don't know too much about him other than he is a musician. Do you like him?
I don't know any songs by her, but if you like Taylor Swift, you should definitely check out her music.
Yes, she is very talented.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
It was released in 1991. It's a historical period drama that was made into a movie starring Tom Cruise.
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors, The Doors, The Doors, and The Doors.
It's a great movie! It stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi.
Yes, The Doors is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Namesake.
Yes, it has genre Speculative fiction as well as Speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
Would you like recommendations for other books by the same author or genre?
Then you might also like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. Isn't he a football player?
I don't know much about him other than he plays football
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, they were the runner-up in Superbowl XIX as well as the New England Patriots.
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The Last Five Years was also written by Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a drama film.
Sure. The Last Five Years, Into the Woods, and True Grit are all in the same genre.
The Last Five Years is a musical comedy, similar to The Last Five Years.
You're welcome!
E.H. Gormbrich is an American filmmaker, director, and director. Did you know that he is a director?
Suresh Raina is an athlete that plays cricket for the India National Cricket team.
Yes, I am a fan of the sport. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the England National Cricket team.
Scott Westerfeld wrote The Road to Little Dribbling and The World According to Garp. Have you heard of those?
Pretties Trilogy was released in 2013 and is a science fiction book
Yes, The Uglies Trilogy was written by Scott Westerfeld.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Spain national football team.
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. do you follow soccer?
I didn't realize he was influenced by Leonardo DiCaprio and Louis van Gaal.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read that one yet?
Joseph Heller is an American novelist, critic, essayist, essayist, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres, including speculative fiction, horror, and horror.
Sure, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.B. White and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but E.L. James wrote Fifty Shades Freed. Have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
I don't have that information but it is a romance novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Franz Kafka is an author. He was born in Kafka. Are you a fan?
It's a fiction book. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it was released in 2010.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Walking Dead and The Walking Dead. Are you a fan?
Braveheart was written by David Ayer and is a drama.
I don't have that information right now.
I don't have that information but I do know he is a writer.
Great. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Martin Gardener wrote The Secret Gardener of the World. Have you heard of it?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
It's a Non-Fiction/Horror/Horror novel.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the National Football League but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
That's right, he also coached the Denver Broncos.
Yes, he's still playing for the Oakland Raiders.
Sure, Girl With a Pearl Earring is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gurihiru is also a sci-fi novel.
Snow Crash was written by George R.R. Martin. He is a great author.
Tropic Thunder is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, you might also like the Comedy-dramas series, The Wedding Planner.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Lake of Dreams. Have you read either of those?
Yes, My Own Heart was released in 2009.
Zero to One is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island
I don't have that information, but it's a Family movie.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I do not really think they are doing better than the Cowboys. I am more of a football fan myself.
Yes they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLIII and Super Bowl XLIII. They lost Super Bowl XLIII.
Sure! Doug Liam directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was! It was directed by John-Henry. Would you like to see it?
I don't have that information, but John-Henry starred in it.
I don't but John-Henry starred in the movie. It's a great movie.
Yes, I do. John Henry Butterworth was born in London. It's a great movie.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I'm sorry, I don't have much information on that. I'm sorry.
I'm not sure but it's written by Steve Harvey.
Yes, I do. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes also starred Gary Oldman. It's a sci-fi movie.
It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed 300: Rise of an Empire and 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen either of those?
300: Rise of an Empire is a fantasy movie, based on the true story of Noam Murro. It was released in 2014.
I don't have that information.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie.
Yes, she is the author of the film, and it was released in 2014.
I don't have that information. However, she was born in London.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan, but I do know that the Dodgers are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't care for basketball but I do know that it's a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard it's a good one. I'm not a huge fan of baseball.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it was made into a movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Sword of Shannara is a great book. It's written by John Green and is a fiction book.
I'm not sure but it's the Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.. I'm more of a soccer fan.
I'm more of an American Football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm not much of a fan of American Football. I'm more of a fan of American Football.
Yes, Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Unaccustomed Earth, and The New World.
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is written by John Steinbeck. The next in the series is The Grapes of Wrath.
Tropic of Cancer has genre Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
you should check out The Grapes of Wrath. it is a speculative fiction.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
The Night Watch was written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Yes, that's correct. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Helena Mattsson also starred in The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray. Do you like any of them?
I don't have that information, but it's a Romantic Comedy.
She also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Stead. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by Rebecca Wells and released in 2010.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2010.
I don't have that information, but it was written by Arthur C. Clarke
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
2012 was the year that released The Man Som Heter Ove. Have you heard of it?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Sure A New Hope has a genre of Action and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Then you might want to check out The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie.
Interstellar stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Kevin Spacey. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome!
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but Chris Weitz also starred in The Golden Compass.
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
You are welcome.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays on the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like him?
I've never watched a match but I've never watched a match before.
I don't have a favorite but I do enjoy watching it.
Sure, Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
I don't have that information, but Melina Karakosta did write the book.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French political thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, X-Men: The Last Stand is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Last Stand is a sci-fi movie, similar to The Wolverine, have you seen that?
Logan is a sci-fi action film that was directed by Luc Besson.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Watchmen?
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Do you like those movies?
I like Romance Films like Zoolander and Zoolander. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and The Godfather.
Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola
The Godfather was released in 1998.
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King and he also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that?
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King in the genre of Thriller, have you heard of it?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The film adaptation is directed by Stephen King.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote The Orphan Train and The Girl Next Door. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she wrote My Soul to Take. Have you read that one?
Yes. The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand are the same genre.
I am Legend is a sci-fi movie starring Will Smith and Will Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
I, Robot stars Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a Sci-Fi action movie.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like those types of films?
Yes it is a Adventure movie.
Yes, he is a very talented singer, songwriter, and musician. I like his music a lot. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about him other than he is friends with Selena Gomez. Do you like him?
I haven't, but I do enjoy his music. What is your favorite song of his?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1847.
Yes, the Incredible Journey was written by David Ayer.
Yes, it was written by Marie Lu, who also starred in The Miserables.
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on those movies.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by J.D. Salinger and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes, Meryl Streep starred in The Deer Hunter
The River Wild also stars Meryl Streep
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. Isn't they a good team?
I'm not a fan of the sport but I do know they're having a good season. They're having a good season but they're having a good season.
Cold Mountain is a war movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger starred in Shark Night. Have you seen that?
Cold Mountain is a war film. I'd recommend watching it if you haven't already.
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
J.K. Simmons has starred in a number of thrillers, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, World War Z, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
It has a great cast consisting of actresses such as Chris Pratt and Chris Hemsworth.
Public Enemies was written by Ronan Bennett and starred Scarlett Johansson.
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
I don't know if he's down but he was in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Great, I'll add it to my watch list. Enjoy!
The Fugitive stars Bruce Willis, Kevin Spacey, and Kevin Spacey. It's a Thriller.
The Fugitive was released in 1997.
That was a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
You might also enjoy The Hunger Games, it is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive as well.
You're very welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Peter Pan was released in 1904. Are you interested in books in the same genre?
The Little White Bird is a novel. Would you like to know more about that book?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid C.F. and FC Barcelona.
He plays for Manchester United F.C. and the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Vin Diesel and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
He also starred in Zero Dark Thirty and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen those?
Kevin Costner did an amazing job in it.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
Yes it did. It is a Reality TV Drama. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie! Weekend at Bernies II is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes it did. Kevin Nealon also starred in The Longest Day at Bernies II
Yes he did. The Gazebo is a Thriller based on a true story of a father dealing with the accusation that he was influenced by the Nazis.
The Gazebo is a Romantic Comedy based on a novel by Favreau.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in This Is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
It was written and directed by Seth MacFarlane. It also stars Seth MacFarlane and is a comedy
Seth MacFarlane wrote & directed and starred in The Big Lebowski
Skyfall is a war movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
Yes, he has starred in a number of films including The Running Man and The Pursuit of Happyness.
I don't have that information, but Naomie Harris also starred in Wild Target.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not showing the genre of Adventure but I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She's a great actress. She's also a writer and a musician. She was born in New York City.
Have you read Dead to the World? It was written by James Patterson.
You're welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book! I've read several of his books, including The Fault in Our Stars and The Invisible Man.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2009.
Max Brooks starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2010.
Sure. I'll do that right away.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and High School Musical. Have you seen those?
You'll like it. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Fellowship of the Ring is written by JRR Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Then you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it was written by Michael Ende. Michael Ende also wrote The Golden Lily and The Golden Lily.
The Mission: Impossible is written by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a celebrity friend to Tyga
Yes he wrote The Social Network. Did you know he also starred in The Social Network?
I do like dramas. Did you know he also starred in The Casual Vacancy? He was also in that.
I do! It was written by Ian Fleming. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, I recommend True Lies. It is a great spy film.
Yes, it's a Spy film. It's also a drama.
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he is coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
You're welcome.
O Alquimista is written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1988. Are you interested in other books by him?
Paulo Cohelo wrote El otoo del chivo which was released in 1988.
Yes, he did. Onze minutos was released in 2000.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you seen it?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a National Football League in the National Football League.
I like to watch basketball. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Yes, the Redskins is a great team. They won the Superbowl XXXVIII.
Yes, The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in Pink Panther 2 as well. Do you like her work?
Andy Garcia starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen that one?
Andy Garcia was also included in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
They're not my favorite team but I've heard they're pretty good. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard it's a good movie. Didn't Ned Beatty stars in it?
No I haven't seen that one, but I've heard it's a good movie.
I also like the TV sitcom Joey. It was a really good movie.
Yes, he directed The Kingdom. Have you seen that one?
Battleship is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012.
Sure, The Julian chapter is written by R.J. Palacio and it was released in 2014.
Yes, that's right. I haven't read that yet.
I don't have that information at this time. However, I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
you are welcome
Bill Murray starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what genre do you like?
I don't have that information at this time. However, Bill Murray also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Are you a fan?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is a Romance novel.
The Scarlet Letter is a Romance novel.
I don't have that information. But it's similar to The Scarlet Letter.
Have you read Wicked Lovely or Wicked Lovely? They are young adult fiction.
It is written by James Kinsley and released in 1817. Do you like his work?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
If you like romance, you might also like The Fountainhead or The House of Seven Gables.
You're welcome.
Judd Hirsch starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
Tower Heist is a Thriller, Drama, and Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tower Heist is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You might also like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Yes, Louise Maude wrote a number of books in Russian, including The Chronicles of Narnia and The Secret of Narnia.
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He starred in the movie Troy. Did you know that Orlando Bloom starred in the movie Troy?
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Are you a fan?
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
She won the Whiting Writers' Award.
Snow Crash is written by Neal Stephenson. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He starred in What's Your Number? and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a Swiss professional tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching the 2012 Olympics.
I'm not sure, but he's been in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
A Wolf at the Table is a fictional novel that was released in 1981. It's based on Greek Mythology.
Yes, it is a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
You're welcome!
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies are written by Jared Diamond. Do you like this author?
It's a Thriller.
J.K. Rowling wrote the book.
Wes Craven starred in Wes Craven. Wes Craven starred in Wes Craven. Have you seen it?
Wes Craven starred in Wes Craven. Wes Craven also starred in The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I'm not sure if Harris Yulin has starred in My Soul to Take, but Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Of course, Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice's book, Anne Rice wrote The Secret of Joy, The Secret of Joy, and The Secret of Joy. Have you read any of them?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1818.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 1999.
The Graveyard Book is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Graveyard Book. Do you like his work?
The Graveyard Book is written by Neil Gaiman. Neil Gaiman also wrote The Son of the Circus which is also fantasy.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
'The Giver' is a Speculative fiction.'
I'm not sure but it's similar to The Giver.
Yes, the Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed Red Dragon. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
It's a warcraft movie. It's a historical period drama.
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I am not a fan of the super bowl but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I am not a fan of the current head coach, but I am a fan of the Cowboys.
I've only watched the game live in person before. I'll have to watch it.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Steven Spielberg. He also wrote The Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Fog City Mavericks was written by Steven Spielberg and directed by Steven Spielberg
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Bourne Legacy is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Jeremy Renner starred in Thor. Did you know he was also a director?
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll check it out. Thanks!
Do you like the author J.R.R.R Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Snow White and the Huntsman is a great fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
No. I don't have that information. However, Grimm's Fairy Tales is a comedy.
Yes. Matt Damon also starred in The Huntsman 2. He is a great actor.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't, but I've read The Lightning Thief and The Son of Sobek.
The Lightning Thief is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that?
She wrote Water for Elephants which is a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information, but Sara Dessen starred in that movie.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Frank McCourt. Do you like the author or genre?
Yes, he wrote For Whom the Bell Tolls and The Trees of Life.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
Deadpool is starring Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Stefan Kapicic also starred in the movie Deadpool
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I love Lebron James. He is a great actor. He starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, that's right. Did you know that he's also a musician?
Yes, he was influenced by Alonzo Mourning.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Looking for Alaska by John Green? It is a great book.
This Lullaby was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and High School Musical. Have you seen those?
Whatever It Takes is a Romantic Comedy - if you like that genre you would like to see The Wedding Date, it is a Romantic Comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she starred in The Joy Luck Club. Have you seen it?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, it's a good read!
Yes, he starred in The Fountainhead and The Fountainhead. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. It was written by Robert Duvall. It's a historical period drama.
It's a great movie. It also starred Robert Duvall, who also starred in The Apostle.
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen that?
Tod Fennell also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Sure. She wrote White Oleander which is Speculative fiction. Have you read that?
Paint It Black was released in 1995. Paint It Black is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 2005. He directed The Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie! It was written by Akira Kurosawa. It's a romance film.
Sure, I will send it to you.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Oedekerk.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Do you like his work?
Yes, you're right!
Yes, he did. It was released in 1862.
That's a good one! It was released in 1862 and it was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
It was written by Jean Arthur and released in 1988.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where Rainbows End and Where Rainbows End. Have you read those?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy book. It was written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist as well as Oliver Twist. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1850.
That's a great book! It was made into a play!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you have a favorite team?
No, I haven't. I've been meaning to watch them last year. I'm not a fan of basketball.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by James Dashner and stars Scarlett Johansson.
I'm not sure what else he directed, but I do know that he starred in The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction novel written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, she wrote We Are the Living as well as We Are the Living.
We the Living was released in 1957 and it is based on a novel by Ayn Rand
Yes, I Stay was written by Gayle Forman. Would you like to know more books by this author?
You might also like The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Robinson.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Mark Osbourne starred in The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book.
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sure. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, The Little Prince, and The Little Prince are some of the most popular Seth Rogen films.
Great! I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, James Patterson wrote 1st to Die and it was released in 2001. Do you like the author James Patterson?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is written by Katherine Paterson. She also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they won the NBA All Rookie Award. Do you like them?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that the team is located in Oklahoma City.
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I like football. I'm more of a fan of the Washington Redskins.
Yes, he plays cricket in India. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in Coyote Ugly.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Children's Literature and Children's Literature. Do you like childrens literature?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1981.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like him?
Blood In, Blood Out has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Hunger Games is a young adult film. The next in the series is The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote Black Beauty. Have you heard of it?
Anna Sewell was born in London, USA. She wrote a book about her life.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard any of them but I do like their music. Did you know they won the 2010 PGA Championship?
I'm not sure if he's playing any instrument. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure if it's a TV show but it's a great show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Yes, Orphan Train is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, she wrote The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I'm sorry.
It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Back to the Future. Have you seen it?
You might like The Running Man or The Running Man. Have you seen those?
Yes, CCH Pounder is an author who wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Mortal Instruments.
Yes, it is a mystery and horror. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are also Mystery films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't really know much about him. I think he's a good player.
Yes, he plays for Cincinnati.
I'm not a big fan of the NFL but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a great family adventure film. It was directed by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in a few other adventure films.
Princess Mononoke was released in 2005. It is a great family film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Bourne Identity is written by Matt Damon and stars Matt Damon. Would you like to know other films starring Matt Damon?
That's a great mystery. Matt Damon also wrote Unsolved, which is based on true events.
That's a great movie! It was directed by Matt Damon.
I'm not sure, but it's a psychological thriller. I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, I will play it for you.
I'm not a huge fan of him but I do know he plays for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for any other sports but I'm more of a football fan.
That's a great way, I hope they win!
Bruce Willis starred in Bruce Willis. Bruce Willis starred in Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like The Devil's Advocate. It is a Thriller.
I don't have that information, but Charles Bronson stars in Death Wish, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but it's a good action movie.
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome!
Me too! Did you know that Clint Eastwood starred in Gran Torino?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to know more about Cory Hard's work?
I believe Cory Hardrict starred in the Day with Cory Hardrow
You're welcome
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance of the Planet of the Apes.
It's a warbreaker. It's part of a series. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
It was released in 2003 and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tangled because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
There are so many great Disney movies. You might also like The Looking Glass Wars or The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
The Ender's Game is a science fiction book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
That's a great sci-fi novel. Did you know that Orson Scott Card was influenced by John Scalzi and William Nicholson?
You might also like the Harry Potter series by Orson Scott Card. Have you read that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, David O. Russell directed The Mists of Avalon which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, George Clooney starred in Three Kings. Its a War film
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen it?
He has starred in a number of films, including The Wolverine, The Mists of Avalon, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom. Do you like Winston Groom movies?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
You're welcome
That's a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Logan?
That's right. The Black Cat is a Gothic Fiction.
That's a great book. Did you know that London is based on the novel of the same name?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I'm not a fan of the Patriots. Do you like them?
Yes they weredrafted to the New England Patriots in 2012.
John Madden was drafted by the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would recommend Watership Down because it is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, that's right. The Lord of the Rings is also speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is a Children's literature as well as Children's Literature.
I'm not a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm more of a steelers fan. Do you like them?
The team was runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That would be a good year for the fans. They won the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Their coach is John Fox.
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in Troy, Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. Have you seen it?
Troy is a great historical fiction film. You might also like A Time to Die Hard or The Time Traveler's Wife.
United 93 is a great movie. It was released in 1993. It is based on the true story of a man who lives in Troy. Would you like to watch it?
Sure. I'll do that right away.
I haven't seen it but I do like it. It's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The sequels are: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi, Return of the Jedi, and Return of the Jedi.
It's a great movie! Aeon Flux stars Bruce Willis. It's a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome! I hope you like it!
Yes, it is a great movie! 50/50 is a Romance Film. It is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in The Sun.
Sure, A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it is specifically for teens. It is a Young-adult fiction.
I think he's a good football player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Wildcats is a great movie. Rudy is a great movie. Did you know that he also starred in The Wolverine?
That's a great movie. Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn. He's a great actor.
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Volcano is a sci-fi movie. Is that what you're looking for?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in Avatar. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak. You should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Butterfly Effect was written by Steven Spielberg and it is a Thriller. Do you like him?
William Scott has starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination. Have you seen those?
The Go-Girl is a thriller. Would you like recommendations for other thrillers?
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen it?
It is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about it?
The Voyage Home is starring Natalie Portman. She is also starring in The Voyage Home.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
The Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Big Hit is a Thriller starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Would you like a recommendation for a thriller?
You're welcome.
Yes, Cesc Fabregas plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Spain national football team.
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know it's more of a football fan.
I don't know much about him except that he is from Honolulu.
I'm not a huge fan of the NBA but I do know that they're owned by Jay-Z.
I don't think so, but he's a basketball player too.
Yes, he did. I am a fan of the Bucks.
Memento is a thriller starring Christian Bale and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and Michael Caine.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers is a great movie
Yes, Calvin Harris is an American DJ, he is a DJ, Record producer, and Record producer. He is also a DJ.
Rita Ora is an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Los Angeles, California.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen that?
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Are you interested in other movies in that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Great. Have a great day!
Yes, he is a shooting guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he plays for the Chicago Bulls and won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers. Do you like the Lakers?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
He also starred in the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie
You are welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush.
I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner and he also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order.
The Scort Runner is a young adult fiction. The Scort Runner is written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you prefer?
Yes, The Prince of Persia is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a great movie. It is a drama and a suspense movie as well.
Will Gluck starred in Friends with Benefits, which is a comedy.
Annie stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men 2.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Notebook. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he was. He wrote Message in a Bottle.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks was born in New York City.
Yes, Message in the botte is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by Laura Inheritance.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Tim Pigott-Smith and starred Nicole Kidman. Do you like her work?
Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Mark Cotta Vaz has genre Thriller.
You're welcome!
Good in Bed is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
That's right! The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby. It's a tragedy. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Crucible. He also wrote The Crucible.
That's the only one I have read. It's a Tragicomedy.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
Yes, they are a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They seem to lose a lot of money. They're looking good this year. They're not doing well enough to win.
Lolita is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is a fiction novel that was released in 1991.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to Hayao Miyazaki?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Justin Timberlake starred in the movie What Goes Around.
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out.
Yes, Parts One and Two is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You might like The Casual Vacancy or The Silkworm. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel that was released in 2013.
Do you like the book because it is written by George Orwell?
Sure, it was released in 2009 and is an autobiography that was released in 2009.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Sure, J.K. Rowling also wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure, but it's in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the France national football team.
James Harden is a great player. What is your favorite team?
I've watched a lot of TV shows but never watched it. I'm more of a fan of the sport.
I'm not a fan of the American TV. I'm more of a fan of tv show.
I'm not a huge fan of the Gordon Ramsey. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like him?
Yes, you are correct. She also starred in The Prestige.
Enigma is a film directed by Christopher Nolan, directed by Christopher Nolan, directed by Christopher Nolan. It also stars Tom Hardy.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He directed the movie When Harry Met Sally and starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen either of those?
He produced When Harry Met Sally and also produced The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote The Passion of the Christ. Have you read that?
I'm not sure, but it's fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard that she's a good actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and Spring Breakers?
It was a great movie. It also starred Selena Gomez. She's a great actress.
It's a drama. I'm sure you'll like it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it's a Thriller?
That's right. The Boston Red Sox won the World Series XXXVIII and World Series VI.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. I am more of a baseball fan.
The Boston Red Sox is part of the American League East division. The Boston Red Sox won the World Series in 2011.
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't know much about him other than he won the 2006 PGA Championship.
I don't have that information, but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he lost to Phil Mickelson last year.
Sure, The Hurt Locker is written by Stephanie Meyer and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like her work?
Yes, Jeremy Renner also starred in Thor. Would you like to know more about that one?
Sure, it is written by Veronica Roth and is a Thriller.
Sure, I'll add them now.
I don't know a whole lot but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York.
I do like college games. what about you?
I'm not a huge fan of Sergio Aguero but I know he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Spain National Football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for Manchester City, right? I don't really know much about him.
I'm more of a football fan myself. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Yes, it was released in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Sure, Debora Smith is a professor who wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by Hugh Jackman. Do you like books by Hugh Jackman?
Yes, it is also a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by James Dashner. Would you like to know who wrote it?
You're welcome!
I do! Atonement is written by Roland Emmerich and stars Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
I would recommend Apocalypse Now, which is a Romance Film.
The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a Tragicomedy. Have you heard of it?
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
Sure, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It is a horror film.
Sure, one of the actors is David O'Brien, who also starred in A Bug's Life.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by Lisa See and the Secret Fan is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lady in the Lake is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she plays badminton right? I don't know much about her other than that she was born in Mumbai.
Yes, she was. Did you know that she won the 2012 Olympics?
Yes, that's right. It was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Romeo and Juliet was written by William Shakespeare. It is a drama. Do you like his work?
I am not sure, but it is a play written by William Shakespeare.
Sense and Sensibility is written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in Desperado?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was also a musician?
Yes, I enjoy that genre. Do you have a favorite song of his?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorsese.
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have that information, but Kelli Garner starred in The Aviator.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Wicked Lovely which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are correct. Summer of Sam stars Jennifer Esposito. It's a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Swan Thieves.
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative Fiction.
The Swan Thieves is a drama and the Historian falls under the Fantasy genre
Yes, I will send it to you.
Justin Rose is an American professional golfer born in London.
do you have a favorite sport?
i didn't know that. but her sister Serena Williams is a great tennis player. do you like tennis?
Football is always a good sport to watch. do you have a favorite team?
i have never been to a live game but will have to check it out. have you ever been there?
i love the fav football. do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a fan of the Atlanta Falcons. Is that a team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf?
Georgia Dome plays for the New England Patriots. Did you know that Tom Brady is their coach?
That's a great team as well as the New England Patriots.
Sure, she wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a great read.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, that was the year that The Man in Havana was released as well.
Ethan Suplee starred in Ethan Suplee. Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. Have you seen it?
Vulgar is a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, William Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in Watership Down.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, the band is based in London. The band is based on a friend's life. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I'm not sure if it's touring.
You're welcome.
I don't really follow football but I do like the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
I am not a fan of that one.
I don't know much about the Red Skins either. I am more of an American Football fan myself.
That's interesting! Did you know that Walter Payton won the award for Best Player of the Year award?
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Terry George starred in The Hotel Rwanda.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you heard of it?
The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1926.
Yes, The Tales of Peter Rabbit is listed as speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome!
Hugh Jackman wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to know more about that?
David Benioff also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to know more about that?
Turbo is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Sandra Bullock is a romantic comedy.
Alice in Wonderland is written by Frank Beddor.
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I answer for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Incredibles is a sci-fi movie, do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes, it was also written by Steve Oedekerk, who also wrote The Incredibles.
Ratatouille also starred John Ratzenberger. He also starred in the movie Ratatouille.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't really know much about it, I'm more of an American Football fan. I don't really know much about it either. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. I'm more of an American Football fan myself.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I love her! She is one of my favorite singers. Did you know that she is friends with Sela Ward?
That's a great song too. Did you know that she won a Grammy for Best Male Video?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice.
I like heavy metal and rock. I'm more of a fan of that genre.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shooter is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Then you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
The Rum Diary is starring Tom Hanks, who also starred in The Rum Diary
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a great golfer from Dallas. Do you follow golf?
No I haven't but I've heard it's been a while since I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I've been a fan of the sport.
Serenity is a great movie. It was written by Roland Emmerich and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a good one! It's also a Thriller. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have that information at this time. But Quinton Aaron also starred in Never Let Me Go which is a comedy.
I do! I love them! They are a great singer-songwriter. Do you like them?
I like them too. I also like their song Getting Rich. Have you heard it?
I like that song too. Did you know that Maroon 5 is friends with her?
Yes, I am a fan of Michael Jackson. He starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he was also an actor?
I'm not too sure, but it's one of my favorites!
I've never seen it but it's too intense to watch.
Sergio Agüero plays on the Argentina National Football League.
I don't watch much soccer but I do know that he plays for Manchester City and he is a Midfielder.
I like Manuel Pellegrini too. He plays for Manchester City and he's a very good player.
Sure, Shrek is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
28 Days Later is a Thriller/Drama/Drama. Do you like that genre?
Sean Connery stars in Day After Tomorrow. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
The Wild Life is a drama that was released in 1994. It is a Thriller.
The Wild Life is a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read those books?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Other Stories.
Hush hush is a suspense genre
You're welcome
It was directed by Steve Oedekerk. Did you know that he also wrote The Simpsons Movie?
He's done a bunch of great movies such as The Simpsons Movie and The Simpsons Movie
It's a great movie! It was directed by David Silverman, and it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a Thriller and was released in 2005. It is a Thriller.
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
21 jump street is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Ride Along is starring Kyla Pratt and Chris Hemsworth.
You are welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information right now.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess. Have you read that?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by James Dashner and is a Speculative fiction.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
It was released in 1997.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! She wrote Mansfield Park, which was released in 2007 and written by Clare Lamont.
Mansfield Park has genre Historical period drama.
I do. Mansfield Park is a Romance novel. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read murder mystery yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
I have not seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express, but I haven't seen it yet.
He wrote Victor Hugo: The Man Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie is a romance film that was directed by Frances Mayes
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I don't know any of his recent songs, but I do know that he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Leesburg.
I don't have that information but i know he has a relationship with Taylor Swift
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in The Young Lions and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Viva Zapata starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have a romance, but it's a drama. It's a drama.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, I am a fan of the NBA. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he did win that award
Yes, he won that award too.
Mervryn Peake is an author who wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli is an actor that starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it also starred Robert Patton Oswalt.
Yes, she was in the Notebook.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I would recommend a couple of my favorite drinks: Breakfast at Tiffany's Place, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but Marc John Jefferies also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a comedy.
Ok, I will send it to you.
I don't have that information, but Marc John Jefferies also starred in Brown Sugar.
The Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen either of those?
have you seen The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight?
The adventure movie is based on a novel by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
i believe it is a blockbuster. i hope you enjoy!
you are welcome.
L.M. Montgomery wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read either of those?
The Blue Castle was released in 1985.
The Shadow Rising was also released in 1926.
Christopher Meloni starred in The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories. Have you seen those?
Then you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It also stars Seth Rogen who is also a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King and was released in 1996.
Yes, he did. It is a crime fiction.
Have you seen The Mists of Avalon? That is a horror movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know that he is a singer-songwriter and composer. He is a musician and musician.
Yes, I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like the song When Love Takes Over. Did you know that he is from France?
Micheal Jackson is a great singer. I like her song When You Reach Me.
The Interview is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have much information on it but I do know it was written by Steven Spielberg
i hope you enjoy it!
you are welcome have a good day
Do you like it because it is a comedy or a comedy?
I don't have that information, but Judd Apatow wrote and directed it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Pogba is going to play for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national football team.
Yes they were the runner up in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American Football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't really know anything about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a coach.
Yes, he is one of my favorite singer-songwriters. I like him too. Have you heard of him?
She Hate Me is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Spike Lee directed it. He also directed The Subtle Knife. Have you seen that?
Sue Monk Kidd is an American writer, poet, and author. She wrote The Three Musketeers and The Two Musketeers.
Carl Jung is an author and an author. He was born in Monk Kidd. He was also influenced by Stephen King.
Yes, Sigmund Freud is from Germany.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
The Poisonwood Bible is a Historical novel.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is based on a novel by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I love her music. Did you know she is friends with Selena Gomez?
Yes, he did. Did you know he starred in the movie Larry Crowne?
Yes, and Tommy Chong also starred in That Thing You Do!
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris and has genre Speculative fiction.
It was written by Charlaine Harris and is classified as speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Skyfall is a war movie. It is also a comedy.
Skyfall is starring Kyla Pratt and Michael Caine.
Great. Enjoy!
I don't know too much about them. I'm more of a fan of the Minnesota Vikings.
That's the same year they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Well, from what I've heard, the Minnesota Vikings won the Superbowl XXXVIII Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
I do. The sequel to The Usual Suspects is Zero Dark Thirty.
No I haven't seen Unfinished Business. I haven't seen it yet.
I do like hip hop. I'm more of a fan of that genre. Do you like that genre?
I like rock too. I'm more of a fan of the rock genre.
Yes, Zipper was released that year. Did you know that he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is also a Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
It's a great Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in it?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Wedding which is a romantic comedy.
Working Girl is a great movie! It also starred Olivia Wilde and her sister Serena Williams
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt is an American filmmaker, director, and director. He wrote Teacher Man and Teacher Man. Have you seen those?
It's a soccer team. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't see a lot of films filmed there. I'll have to check them out. Did you know that Angela's Ashes is a baseball movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Would you like to watch that?
I don't have that information, but Channing Tatum starred in 21 Jump Street.
You are welcome
Yes, it is a great book written by Walt Disney. Do you like his books?
Yes she has a great voice. Did you know she is also a singer?
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know that she starred in The Princess and the Frog?
I don't think I've heard of that one. I'm not sure what else she has done.
That's right. She passed that one last year. She's a great actress.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Hobbit was released in 1947.
The next book in the series is The Return of the King.
The Rock is a great adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
You're right, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Not really, I am more of a fan of American Football. I am more of an American Football fan.
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear more about it?
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote The Cabin in the Woods and starred in The Cabin in the Woods
Groundhog Day is starred by Harold Ramis and Bill Murray. It is a comedy.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Vivica A. Fox starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005.
I'm not showing any information on Sky Crawlers.
Sure! The Great Yokai War is played by Frank Beddor.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy film. Would you like to know more titles in that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't, but I've heard some of her songs. Did you know that she is friends with Selena Gomez?
No, I haven't heard it, but I've heard it's one of my favorites!
Yes, she's from Nashville. Did you know she was born in Nashville?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Comedy, Comedy, and Comedy.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has genre Historical period drama. Would you like to know more about this film?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Steve Jobs grew up watching this year.
Sure. Steve Jobs starred in a number of movies, including Steve Jobs Jobs, Steve Jobs, and Steve Jobs.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Guy Kawasaki has been in several movies, including X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Jeff Kinney wrote The Wimpy Kid and The Wimpy Kid. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you The Ugly Truth is also a biography.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
You're welcome
I think he's a good player but I don't really know much about him other than he's a basketball player.
I'm not a huge basketball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, they are linked to the Association. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not a fan of the New York Mets, but I do like the New York Mets. Who's your favorite player?
That's true. Did you know they won the World Series in 2012.
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I think he's a good soccer player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm more of a soccer fan. I'm more of a soccer fan myself.
I'm more of a fan of hers, but I'm more of a fan of hers.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
The Mummy Returns is a fantasy thriller. Do you like this genre?
The Mummy is a great movie! It's also considered Fantasy. It's also considered a fantasy.
Yes, it's considered a fantasy. It's also considered speculative fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen the other Indies starring Shirley Henderson? It is an Indie Film.
Then you might also like The Invisible Man. It is also starring Shirley Henderson.
Yes, it is a great movie. It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like The Last Samurai: A Space Adventure or The Hunt for Red October.
Pound of Flesh stars Robert Patton Oswalt. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Unaccustomed Earth, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Young adult fiction is in the genre of suspense. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is a part of a series. It's part of a series.
You might also like Wicked Lovely. It's part of a series.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by William Nicholson. Do you like the book because it is a Thriller?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
There is a romance in the War genre as well as the War of the Worlds. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the New England Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
I don't think so, I think they'll play the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure, but I know she's married to Angelina Jolie. She's a great actress.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also directed The Town.
The Town was written by Peter Craig. Peter Craig also starred in Rachel Blakely.
Yes. Eli Craig directed The Town.
Hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine and World War Z are both great Sci-Fi movies.
It is a great movie starring Tom Cruise and Steve Buscemi.
I don't have access to that information right now but it is a great family movie.
I think Katy Perry is a great actor. Did you know Katy Perry starred in a lot of movies?
I didn't realize she was in that movie. Did you know that she also starred in The Muppets?
I do like Russel Brand. Did you know he was influenced by Tom Hanks?
We're the Millers is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was in 10 Days. Did you know that he also starred in The Rum Diary?
That's great! You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It was written by Anne Hathaway. It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a comedy drama film
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Peter Dinklage starred in Weird Science, and The Station Agent. Have you seen either of those?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a Thriller and Drama.
X-Men: Apocalypse Now is a good one.
I don't have that information at the moment, but I can tell you that it was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Fountainhead, The Fountainhead, and The Fountainhead. Have you read any of these books?
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. Do you like his work?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was a writer. He was also an actor and a director.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
I would recommend The Rum Diary or The Rum Diary. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Robin Hobb wrote The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
Sure. Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Secret of Joy.
Yes, it is. It's based on Greek Mythology. You should check it out.
I don't have that information at this time but I do know it was released in 1850.
I hope you enjoy it!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. It was released in 2012.
Yes, it was directed by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassination of J Maas. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. Did you see it?
Yes she is, she also starred in The River King. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Colombia National Football League. Do you like him?
Yes, Shakira is from Columbia. She plays midfielder and forward.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Denver Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
I'm more of a football fan. My favorite team is the Denver Broncos.
They're owned by Wayne Weaver. They're coached by Mike Zimmer.
Yes, I enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer. Did you know he was born in London?
I'm more of an American Football fan. I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
Yes, he was a great coach. Did you know he was born in Ferguson?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
He has written a number of books including The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People was released in 1989
ok great. i hope you enjoy!
I do! It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a great family movie, it is a family movie, do you like family movies?
I haven't seen that yet I will have to check it out.
I haven't seen that yet I will check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
It was written by Jonathan Nolan. He directed that movie.
Sure, Man on the Moon was written by Milo Forman. Would you like to hear about other films he directed?
That's a great movie! It was written by Milo Forman and is a Historical period drama.
You might also like The Man on the Moon, which is a historical period drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Divine Secret of Joy and The Divine Secrets of Joy. Have you read either of those?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine. I love that song!
Yes, he plays the Tambourine. Did you know that he was born in London?
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Yes, he plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he was born in New York.
The Island is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Well, if you like sci-fi you might like The Island, you might also like World War Z. Have you seen that?
That's a great movie. It was written by John Green and stars Tom Everett Scott. Do you know him?
You're welcome.
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in the movie Bale. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in a lot of great thrillers such as The Chronicles of Narnia and Inception.
The film is based on a true story of a French prisoner who was forced to abandon a life after death.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor and it is a fantasy
you are welcome
Sergio Aguero is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United F.C. and the Argentina National Football League.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for the Argentina National Football team. I do know that he plays for the Argentina National Football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote The Skulls and The Secret History. Have you read those?
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, it was. It was a great book.
Yes, that was a great year for books.
I'm not a huge fan of the Houston Rockets but I do know that they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I don't follow them much but they are coached by Mike Woodson.
Sure, he wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, a World War II Story of Survival, and A Time to Kill.
I'm not sure but Candide is a musical theater. Do you like musical theaters?
I would recommend The Fountainhead, which was released in 1759.
You're welcome!
Winnie-Pooh is written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The World According to Garp. Have you heard of that one?
You might also like The House at Pooh Corner. It's a children's book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. Football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes thats where the stadium is in Goodson Park.
They are coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I believe he plays for Real Madrid C.F.. but I don't know much about him.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching it.
Do you like the book because it is speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
John Travolta also starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen that one?
Sure, no problem! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
It is a speculative fiction.
[Z no shmetsu].
I don't have that information at this time.
I'm sorry I don't have a English version.
You're welcome.
Not really, I am a fan of the Boston Red Sox. Who is your favorite team?
I'm not sure, but I do know that they have a good year for the Mets.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm not a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm more of a Steelers fan. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge football fan. I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvester Stallone. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I do. She is a great author. She wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Sure, she wrote Trace and The Scarpetta Factor. She was born in London.
That's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Green?
Yes, Dennis Lahane is also a writer.
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin and released in 1891.
Thomas Hardy wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented in 1891, it was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891.
Yes, Jamel Debbouze starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of those?
Emily Blunt is another star in She Hate Me. She's a great actress.
You're welcome!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Les visiteurs is a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is an English film.
You're welcome!
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I'm not a big golf fan. I'm not a big golf fan. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Yes, they're awesome! I love their music. I'm more of a fan of theirs.
Sure! Do you like it because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is an action movie?
It is a sci-fi movie. If you like action movies, you might also like Shark Night.
Sure! Tron: Legacy is a great movie! It is a sci-fi movie.
Great, have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
The Neon Demo is written by Roland Emmerich. It's a thriller. Do you like him?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. She is a very talented singer. Did you know that she acted in a lot of movies?
Yes, that's a great song! Did you know that 2011 was the year that released A Thousand Years?
I'm more of a fan of Taylor Swift.
I'm not sure if they're new, but they're pretty new.
The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
Yes, he wrote The Last Colony and The Handmaid's Tale.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II. Have you read any of these?
He also wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
Old School is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I do know that Kyrie Ivring plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great movie written by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
I haven't read that yet, but I've heard it's a good read. Hans Christian Andersen wrote The Nightingale. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she did. Winter Garden was released in 2012. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe.
I don't have that information
You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It was written in English
There's one more book in English called Home for Peculiar Children
Up was written by Pete Docter. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but Breanda Chapman wrote Up as well.
It is a Thriller.
Family Movies is a great family movie. I would recommend The Longest Yard if you haven't seen it already
You're welcome
They are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I am not sure but it was the 2008 NBA Finals
I don't have that information, but I do know that he was drafted by the New York Knicks
I don't know much about him other than he's a good player
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Gunslinger was released in 1987. Stephen King wrote The Gunslinger and The Gunslinger.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure but it's similar to Twister.
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, Cleveland, and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I'm more of a fan of the Texans, but I'm more of a fan of the Texans.
That's a great team. Did you know Randy Lerner coached the Cleveland Browns in the 1990s?
Yes, the Browns are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. They're in the National Football League.
He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Jay Rubin is also a scientist and he was born in New Mexico
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I don't have that information at this time. But he is an author
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvia Plath. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Saulius Dagys wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie similar to Transformers. Would you like to know more about Transformers?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie starring Christian Bale and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You can try The Honk and Holler Opening Soon
Yes. Billie Letts wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
Yes, she was in Too Big to Fail. It is a comedy-drama.
Yes, he also starred in Too Big to Fail. It was a great movie!
William Hurt also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
F. Murray Abraham is a great actor. Did you know that F. Murray Abraham starred in The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel?
Scarface is a crime movie. Did you know that Last Action Hero is a crime movie?
Sure! Do you like science fiction books or science fiction?
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, Unbreakable is a science fiction as well as science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I do, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm a huge fan of soccer, but I'm more of a fan of American Football.
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan myself.
I don't have the last score but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they won a Super Bowl XLVIII.
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
Outlander is a science fiction book written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like science fiction books?
Diana Gabaldon wrote Outlander, which is a Sci-Fi book. Other great Sci-Fi books include The Polar Express and The Polar Express. Have you read those?
Xeneocide is also written by Orson Scott Card. It is a Sci-Fi book.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
That's a good one. It was written by Jane Austen. It's a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
Then you might also like The Running Man or The Running Man.
you're welcome
I don't really know much about soccer but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, I don't have a lot of talk about it either. I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm not a fan of his, but I've heard he's a good actor.
One for the Money is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Princess Diaries is written by Anne Hathaway. She also wrote A Christmas Carol, and A Christmas Carol.
Yes, it was also written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, it was part of the Twilight series.
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
She was also in the TV series, The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a great movie! Enjoy!
Great! Enjoy!
Sure, Jeff Garlin starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, she has a tv show called The People Speak, which is a television show.
She has been in a number of popular TV shows, including The Women of Brewster Place, and The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen any of those?
Ron Howard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What genre do you prefer?
Well, if you like action, you'll like Zookeeper. It's a good movie.
Well, I don't know anything more recent, but I do know that he starred in A Beautiful Mind which was released in 2001.
I'm not sure if he directed that one, but he did write the timeframe.
Mr & Mrs Smith is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes he did. The Box is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is considered a Thriller.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. You might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. It's a Throne of Glass is a Throne of Glass. Other Throne of Glass is The Assassin's Blade.
Tower of Dawn is a Throne of Shadows and Queen of Shadows.
Have you read The Assassination of J Maas?
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like the genre or the actors?
It is a mystery movie based on the true story of A Game of Shadows. It is based on Greek Mythology.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Proposal is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like Sandra Bullock, you should check out The Proposal. It's a comedy.
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. It was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read those?
It's a young adult fiction book. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Outlander was written by Frances Mayes, who also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read that?
Brave New World was released in 2010.
It's Speculative fiction.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell. Do you like her work?
Yes, she wrote Landline too.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a Romance novel
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he starred in it. Did you know that John C. Reilly starred in it?
You might also like the movie "Wreck-It Ralph" written by John C. O'Brien.
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her other than that she's a tennis player.
I like both Venus and Serena. I like both of them better than Serena.
It's a great show. It's a great comedy.
Zach Snyder starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Michael Caine starred in the Watchmen as well as the suspense thriller Sucker Punch.
I would consider it a comedy as well as a comedy as well as a comedy.
The Watchmen is more of a Sci-Fi/Fantasy Drama. Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
You might also like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it's part of a series. It's part of a series.
Yes, I would recommend The Golden Lily. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't have that information. However, I do know that Daphne du Maurier starred in the movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
I don't have much information about him but I do know that he is from the United States.
The coach is John Fox. Do you have a favorite team?
I enjoy basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
He's a great basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes, Andrés Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spain National Football Team. Do you like soccer?
Andrés Iniesta also plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Spain national football team.
Yes, they are home stadium in the United Kingdom.
Sure, a Wind in the Door is written by Madeleine L'Engle. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
A Wind in the Door is part of a series. A Wind in the Door is part of a series. A Wind in the Door is part of a series.
You might also like A Wind in the Door by Madeleine L'Engle.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. I love his music. Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like the song You Need Me, I Don't Need You. Have you heard it?
No I haven't. Isn't it a Romantic Comedy?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it's a novel that was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I know he plays football but I don't know much other than he plays for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in England.
That's a great movie! Did you know that Woody also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Jean-Pierre Jeunet. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Micmacs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zulu is a thriller and a mystery. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
It is written by Jay Asher and it is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Jay Asher wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and also wrote Thirteen Reasons Why.
I do. It's a great book. It was written by Jay Asher and it's a great read.
It was released in 2009. It's a great read!
Emma' is written by Emily Bronte. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Jane Austen wrote a book titled 'Emma'.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide. Have you read it?
You might like The Secret Life of Bees or The Secret Life of Bee Bees.
The Red Violin was written by Tony Gilroy and stars Tilda Swinton. It is a mystery movie.
I'll do that right away.
