Sure. It's a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, Michelle Nolden. Would you like more recommendations?
I love it, but the movie was based on a book by Thomas Harris, who wrote the Harry Potter series. Have you seen that one?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a fantasy and Spy Fiction movie. Do you like Fantasy films?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a biographical film and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that it was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Williams and was written by Bobby Farrelly. Would you like to know more?
She's been in a number of films. She's been in a number of films. Would you like to hear about those?
Also Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt were in it. It's a great comedy as well.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
no i dont know. what else can i do for you?
no, she did write That Thing You Do! This is a young adult novel.
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
The Guard is considered Crime Fiction and Thriller. Do you like Crime Fictions?
Actually, its a great movie, and Matt Dillon stars in it as well as Don Cheadle. Have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete, he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
He is on the India national cricket team, the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like cricket?
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know that they play in India.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin was written by Jennifer Crusie.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, and a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, I know of him. Is he a good basketball player?
Oh great. I watch Basketball from time to time. What sports do you like?
Oh, that's too bad. I loved him in the movie Slumdog Millionaire. I use to watch the sport.
I do! I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer just to name a few.
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis.
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, enjoy!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Absolutely! Other Romance films you might like include: Under the Tuscan Sun, Waiting Room, and Beautiful Creatures. Would you like to watch those?
You are very welcome! Happy to help!
Yes, that's a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them ?
Yes, I have seen them. The Pledge has genre Thriller. I love thrillers.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Certainly. Enjoy!
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Do you like him?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and starred Hugh Jackman.
Anne Hathaway starred in this movie. Would you like to hear more?
Here are two good ones: What Happens in Vegas, Tuesdays with Morrie, and Things Fall Apart.
Yes it is, it is a Horror film and stars Naomi Watts and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Did you know that Laura Esquivel also wrote Unaccustomed Earth?
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Then you might enjoy Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon Surgeon, are you a fan of his?
Do you like the clockwork princess, or is it a romance novel?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Done. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure, Unforgiven starred Tom Hanks, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
I'm not sure, but Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity directed it.
Those are my favorite. I have been a fan since I've seen the X-Men movies. What about you?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen that one?
Yes, another movie that was released in 2009 is Catching Fire.
Okay, enjoy!
Yeah, Madonna is a very talented singer. Did you know that she starred in The Next Best Thing and Swept Away?
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was influenced by Sean Penn, and Jena Malone. I believe she was a regular judge on The Voice.
Yes, he did. He starred in Snatch, We Bought a Zoo, and Snatch. Have you seen any of those movies?
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he played for Chennai Super Kings. I believe he also played for CSK .
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
The Muppets is similar. what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls starred Natasha Richardson. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several movies like Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I don't know much about them but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind which is a comedy.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 3. He also directed Colombiana.
Colombiana also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3
Columbiana stars Liam Neeson and Robert De Niro
Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach Mike McCarthy is doing a pretty good job.
I think it's overrated so it's not over their last season.
Thanks for letting me know!
Sure. If you like Iron Man, you might also like X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Yes, he is a very good actor, he starred in the movie The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The O.C., When You Reach Me. Are you a fan of his?
George Clooney is so good in that film. He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Glad to help. Enjoy!
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a part of the series.
Happy to help. Let me know if I can be of any other books.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend with a Tyga and Baby and she has a very good hits
I haven't heard of her music but I do know that she did have a film adaptation of the music. Did you see the film?
Have you heard of Red Dragon?
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the same year that Bird Box was released.
I like thrillers also. You may like Shark Night.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven, Do you like the movie or the movie?
Yes he did and he also starred in and produced that movie too!
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which is a comedy.
Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama film staring Katharine McPhee, who is busy!
I can't find any information on that, but he did write Ghostbusters.
You're welcome!
I know he was a songwriter and pianist.
At the Disco is a good one , he also plays a guitar
Yes, i like them too. The Disco is my favorite.
That's a beautiful song. I like it too, he's a lot of fun to listen to
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I agree. Did you know that Matt Dillion also starred in Zoolander?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
It was released in 1989
It is a drama
Your welcome
I have no idea. Oldboy is a Thriller like Oldboy.
Ok, I'd recommend Snatch, starring Annie Hall. She's a great actress!
It stars Renee ZeIlweger and Xander Berkeley.
She also stars in the X-Men series, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Hello there! The Ice Storm is written by Ang Lee.
He wrote The Ice Storm, The Skull, and The Ice Storm. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Sorcerer's Stone, The Puffy Chair, and The Scarlet Letter. Have you read any of those?
I don't know a lot about Zssa Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I do know she was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She was influenced by Samuel L. Jackson.
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park is written by Michael Clayton. Its considered a science fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes there was. This movie is directed by Peter Buchman, do you like science fiction?
Yes, he did. Jurassic World was directed by Peter Buchman.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the Mexico national team.
I love that movie, and Adam Sandler! What are your favorite golfers?
Yes, I have The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and Lord of the Flies to name a few.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like that genre too, I can recommend My Soul to Take, it is a horror.
Awesome! I like him, and he also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg, it is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like his movies?
Then you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z. Have you seen any of these?
I think you would like that. Enjoy!
Sure! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso.
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a Jean-Louis Trintignant, French, Writer, Film producer and actor.
Joss Ackler also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen either of those?
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama and is a drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a comedy?
That sounds like a good laugh. He was also in it with Anne Hathaway.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it's a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
You might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It was also written by Roderick Thorp and stars Richard E. Grant.
Yes, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are written by him.
Yes that is a great film, as well as Die Hard.
Alien is a series and the next series is Aliens. Have you read them?
The Skeleton Key is an excellent sci-fi movie. It was released in 2010 and stars Steve Buscemi.
Bats was written by Rhonda Byrne and stars Lukas Haas and Chris Rock.
You're welcome!
Sure. He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a good sci-fi flick.
She did, and she also starred in I, Robot, which is a sci-fi movie.
Enjoy!
Predators would be a good one.
Repo Men is written by John Leguizamo. He also directed the movie.
He wrote a couple. I would recommend The Incredibles if you like Repo Men.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
The End is a mystery and co-written by Lauren Oliver. It has a sequel to The Grim Grotto.
The End is a mystery and was released in 2004. He is also a teacher and a teacher.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Jordin Sparks. He was also in the movie Age of Ultron.
I have not seen it but I know it was directed by Mark Wahlberg and stars Tom Hanks.
I'll add it to your queue. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Then I would recommend The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. They are both dramas.
It is starring Winona Ryder and Willie Garson. It's a drama film.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He is the player in Barcelona?
I do play soccer, I like the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
That's a good one. I haven't read The Scarlett Johansson and Laura Linney. They are both born in Argentina.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It stars Nicole Kidman.
Jack Thorne starred in Harry Potter and The cursed Child, which is a fantasy film.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I watched the Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
Oh. I don't know who they play, but they are in the NFL.
They are in the AFC West, right? I believe they are a part of the NFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a speculative fiction novel. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
I have not read that one, is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like that genre too. I think you might like The Muppets and The Giver.
I like R &B, too. I know that he also plays the piano and the guitar.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard.
I wouldn't know too much about them but I do know they play at the AT&T Stadium.
Yesterday was the playoffs beat the Timberwolves yesterday 118 to 96.
Yes he directed The Dark Knight Rises a very popular movie
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, the same year as рестуление и накаание.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Of course! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of the series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
There is a movie called The Shadow of the Torturer, called The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, He is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a German soccer player who is a midfielder and forward. He plays the forward position.
Yes, he is a famous athlete as well.
Yes, it was a good movie. It was written by Leslie Dixon. Are you interested in his work?
I like books by Corn of Thorns, they are in the Fantasy genre. Have you read that one?
Were you looking for other books by Sarah J. Maas, or other novels?
Have you read A Corn of Thorns and Roses? It was also released in 2014 as well.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's correct, it also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, it has a genre of Romance and historical period drama.
It came out in 2007 and also starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
You are welcome
Yes, I love her! Did you know she was influenced by Kurt Wimmer?
Then you might like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus Williams too! I like her sister Serena better.
I like Stefi Graff. Did you know that he and Martina Navo were in the London Olympics?
Yes, I really believe she is the best female tennis player in the world.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won the PGA Tour in 2016 UEFA Champions League?
That's amazing. I hope he won LPGA Championship!
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You is a romantic film. Do you like romantic films?
Yes, other novels she wrote include Seven Years to Sin and Reflected in You.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many good books. Two of my favorites are The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of those ?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that was also made into a movie.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Great! Anything else I can help with today?
I know he is a rapper, but I don't know much about him. What do you know about him?
He also starred in "The Lion King" which is a horror film. Do you like horror?
This movie was released on November 9th, 2010. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Name of the Wind, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Big Year. Have you read any of these?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you read this one?
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. It was written by George R.R. Martin and has a genre of suspense.
Another fantasy novel you might enjoy is The Shadow of the Giant, it was released in 2014. That's a great read.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Are you familiar with that one?
They are both romance and science fiction.
Nicholas Cage starred in Neverland. He's a great actor.
It came out in 2012 and stars Naomi Watts and Josh Brolin.
Sure. Enjoy the movie
You are welcome
I know he has written A separate Peace which is a good novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction, novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to A Separate Peace
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a historical novel.
She wrote Wuthering Heights which is a historical novel.
Sure, are you a fan of Young-adult fiction or Soft Science fiction?
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. Have you read those?
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it was written by Jim Uhls or because it is a satire?
I don't know that information, but I can tell you that he is a pretty good actor.
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a great fantasy movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Mindy Kaling wrote How to Train Your Dragon, which is a Mystery. Do you like that genre?
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling. Do you like both of those?
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling also wrote Ratatouille.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина. However она и мир is written in English.
Can I help you with anything else?
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Last Temptation. Have you read either of those ?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
Yes, he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team.
I know he plays the forward position. He was also in the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan of soccer?
Yes he is a tierney player. You like him?
I like Locker because it is a crime fiction movie. Do you like crime fiction?
He was, actually. He is a great actor, he was also in the English Patient, have you seen it?
Cool. I like Colin Firth as well. He was in New York City Thunder, which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
That is a good one too. Did you know Maria Semple produced This One Is Mine also?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Sure, Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction. It's a great book.
Ok, I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll is an author and he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Are you referring to Johnny Depp who starred in Wonderland?
Well if you'd like to check out The Rum Diary and he also starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Thompson.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
You should check out The Rum Diary if you haven't already.
yes i have heard of them. coached Ryan Giggs is it?
David Platt is one of his current players. Are you a fan?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and many more. Have you read any of those?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Sure! He directed The Simpson's movie. Have you seen that one?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons movie. Do you like her?
Yes, it is a TV series starring David Silverman. He also directed The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
Not really, I am a huge football fan. But I know he is popular in the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like it but I don't really follow it.
He's one of the best cricket players in the world.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor, The Dark Knight Rises, and The Return of the King.
Great, Another movie he starred in is The Good Doctor, it also stars Orlando Bloom
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you read it?
It was written by Jennifer Crusie.
Yes, it is. If you like young adult fiction you might enjoy The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner.
Nicola Kraus wrote the Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Last Night at Chateau Marmont. It is a great comedy.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like fiction?
I am not sure he starred in a TV episode, but I see that he is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure. You might also enjoy Grindhouse movies. It's a Thriller if you haven't seen it already.
Oprah Winfrey, and Tracie Thoms.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I like Katy Perry, I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
He also starred in Zombieland. It's a great adventure movie.
Emma Thompson starred in it. It's a fantasy movie. What genre do you like?
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, are you a fan of thrillers, like Shark Night? It is a horror movie.
Yes, that's a great movie. Willie Garson and Lennox Lewis are also in that movie.
I don't know a lot about Venus but I know that she is friends with Serena Williams. Is she your favorite athlete?
Indeed she is. Both Venus and her sister are quite talented.
Wow, I didn't know that. Too good for her though.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. I do know that he was born in Bogota.
I don't believe that, but I do know that he is a captain for the team.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
If you like the work of John Hughes, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, it was written by John Hughes and the sequels is Home Alone. You might also like There's Something About Mary. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but it is a great movie.
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I don't know that one. I know he was in a relationship with Jordin Sparks a very great artist. Do you know him?
Absolutely. I think Selena Gomez is a great singer. Is she a good one?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
Would you like more from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is written by Tim Burton?
No, it is a young-adult fiction.
Yes. If you are a fan of Ursula K. Le Guin, you may want to check out The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a great actor. Have you seen him in Jumanji?
It's a thriller and Psychological Thriller.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Great, another thriller you might enjoy is Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt
No problem.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is similar and is a good one.
The Last Crusade is a science fiction/thriller. What genre are you looking for?
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from the India national cricket team.
Yes, he does. He also plays cricket.
Yes. It is a great movie, starring Rohit Sharma.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either?
It was released in 1988. Have you read it?
Yes, you're right. It was the band name of the band. I don't know much about them.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Sense of Sex and the City. Have you read either of these?
The Quiet American is a genre of Thriller, Mystery, Suspense, and Mystery. Is that what you are looking for?
Without Remorse is a thriller, crime fiction and suspense movie. It was released in 1999.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
The Thirteenth Floor has genre Drama
Sean Connery starred in it.
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gurihiru is a similar movie.
Yes, it is. Did you know that Tom Everett starred in The Rocker?
Yes. He starred in The Croods. Have you seen that one?
She's an amazing singer. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, but I know she starred in it. Isn't she an actress too?
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance novels?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller, so you might like that
You're welcome.
He is a football player. I think he is a good player.
I don't have information on his skills
I enjoy watching college football and american football
Who is your favorite team?
Yes, the Packer is a great sport and also is a football team
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I haven't heard of him, I heard they are a pretty good team.
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife that was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
It is a mystery, similar to The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read Robinson Crusoe of York?
It's a fiction and adventure novel. Do you like that genre?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, and she also sang Call Me Maybe, have you heard it?
Yes, she did! That was a great show as well.
Oh yea that's what I meant. She was one of my favorite artists, but I like the song Tripolar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he's one of my favorites! He directed The Godfather. Are you familiar with that one?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Ricky Gervais.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, I don't know that Mark Overstall wrote Madame Bovary, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Its a novel by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
He also wrote The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
It's a romance novel, similar to The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I think you'll like The Return of the Native.
You might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Yeah, I do. He's been in The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears. Have you seen those?
Yes, he wrote Lord Jim and Heart of Darkness
Yes it's a Simple Tale. It's written in the same genre.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
There is Welcome to Temptation that has genre Gothic fiction.
It is written by Ann Patchett, do you like her?
It was released in 1998. Would you like to check it out?
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel. He also wrote Jane Eyre. Does that interest you?
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a picture book, and Mako is a romance novel. What else can i answer for you?
He is also an author, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
I don't know too much about him. He is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is an athlete?
I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
I agree. The Lakers would be fun to watch. My favorite team is the Lakers.
It was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist which is in English. As well as The Alchemist. Have you read those?
I have added that for you. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she is a great writer.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and the entire Assassin series, to name a few.
The Assassin's Blade was also written by Sarah J. Maas.
Great, hope you enjoy!
Glad to help
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime movie and it is a Thriller.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Emma Thompson starred in it also. I think you might like it if you like her.
No problem have you watch any other dramas?
This is the End was written by Evan Goldberg. Did you know he wrote The Watch?
Yes, it is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy. Are you into that genre?
I'm not sure, but it also starred Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller.
Do you enjoy Cold Mountain because it is a Thriller or because it is a war movie?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It's a romance novel that was released in 2014. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you see that?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like cooking? Wolfgang puck was in that.
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell and was directed by him. He also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
That's the only information I have on that, is there anything else I can help with?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
Yes, it's a fantasy adventure film. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The People Speak.
The book Magnolia is a drama and comedy.
You're welcome!
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
He also wrote Grindhouse, which is a thriller. He also wrote The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in it as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure. Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson also starred in The Help and Get on Up, which was a Film and directed by Tate Taylor.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Oprah Winfrey, she also starred in it.
No problem, anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars is a great movie! Are you interested in Sci-Fi or Action movie?
Indiana Jones starred in the original Star Wars film, Indiana Jones. It is a great movie.
Yes, it is also a Drama film. Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the movie.
It's considered a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read that one?
She also wrote Circling the Sun that year. Have you heard of that one?
I know that it was released in the year 2015
I don't think it was that year, but it was a classic.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has been in such films as The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do any of those sound interesting?
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
I think you'll really enjoy Back to the Future Part II. It stars Woody Harrelson, a great actor.
He also wrote Air Force One, which is a great movie.
OK. I will add those to your list.
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know that it also starred Talia Shire and Sofia Coppola?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather, Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. That is a drama film starring Sofia Coppola.
Did you know he wrote Utterly Cold Blooded?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
Yes it is, it's a romance novel by Gustave Flaubert. You should check it out!
Done! Enjoy!
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes. She also wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I don't know that, but I see it is a speculative fiction
A book by William Nicholson is in the Speculative genre, as well as children's literature.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team. Who is yours?
I've never been to a football game before. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Are you a fan of the Buffalo Bills?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Lost Hero is a fantasy novel
That is also young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University too. He wrote and directed Monsters University.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written a number of books including The Half-Blood Prince and The Cuckoo's Calling.
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yes, I think you're a fan, and I love Takin' Back My Love, and Don't Turn Off the Lights.
I like the song Red River Blue, what about you?
Did you know he starred in the movie I love his music video Subema La radio?
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book about the life of Henrietta Lacks.
Sure, Walk the Line was written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. It's a young-adult fiction novel with a romance theme.
Sure, it was written by Richard Kelly and also starred Tilda Swinton.
I love her music. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I wasn't a big fan of her music. I like Taylor Swift too, isn't she an all around performer?
I didn't know she was in a movie called Valentine's Day, did you see that one?
Sure, would you like to know some movies she's starred in?
White Squall is a Thriller and one of the actors is Jeff Bridges. Do you like him?
Are you looking for similar science fiction films?
Yes, Whale Rider is a comedy and was a great film. Do you like comedies?
You too!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 2001 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Yes, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst dog.
Sure. Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I liked Red Eyes. Did you see that he also starred in Unmareable?
It is a comedy/drama that also stars Johnny Depp. The genre is Fantasy, do you like that genre?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
The film also stars Anne Hathaway, Rosario Dawson, and Rip Torn. Anything else I can help with?
The book written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read this book?
The genre is City of Bones is City of Ashes, City of Bones and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
That's a great one. Cassandra Clare wrote a book called The Iron Trial. Have you read that one?
Natural Born Killers is similar to Pulp Fiction
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
I have heard the Ma Long is an athlete of sorts, and is known for table tennis it seems.
That's cool. I didn't know that! That's where he won the 2012 Olympics.
I am not a huge sports fan but if I had to choose, I would say gymnasts are very talented.
What is your favorite swimmer?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know who else stars in it but it does star Jim Carrey.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
I am not sure, but I can tell you it also starred William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You're welcome.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Yes, he did
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
Yes, he plays for the African National Cricket team and was born in Johannesburg.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in it, and it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The main genre is Thriller and Drama. Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
Florian Florian also starred in the movie The Lives of Others. Do you like him?
I apologize, I don't have that information.
It was written by Malcom Lowry. I highly recommend it.
Glad to help!
I agree! I think they are a great team, I really like their coach Steve Kerr. Did you know he is?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Oh, I didn't know that. Isn't he a point guard in basketball?
Jane Eyre is a book about Socila Criticism. Hard Times by Charles Dickens also address social issues of the times. Have you read this one?
Jane Eyre is actually a book in the speculative genre, which is a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Other romance novels include Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Sea and Welcome to Temptation
Are you referring to Russel Westbrook, a point guard?
I enjoy watching college baseball. How about you?
Yes, I did know that.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
Anything else I can help with?
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was a mystery novel by James Frey and released in 1991.
Yes, he has directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark?
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale.
Sure. I added that for you.
he plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he is a midfielder on the German national team, as well as a midfielder.
Not really, I am a big fan of American Football. I prefer American Football, what about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
No I didn't know that. What other music do you like?
Yeah, she is. She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley or because it is Sci-Fi?
Yes, he was also in the movie Jaws 2. Are you familiar with his work?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Louis Sachar. It is a romance novel.
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he directed The Hunted. Have you seen it?
This is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have a fact that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
I don't see anything else i can help with but I can tell you he was also in Winnie the Pooh and Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
I do. I'm a fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you like the Buccaneers?
I love football. I'm a Padres fan. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I don't know too much about Somewhere I Belong, but I do know that he is also a member of the industry.
You should check out The X-Men series. I think some of those sound very popular
Yes, I do. I enjoy watching the Eagles game. How about you?
That's amazing, they have a good chance. They have a good chance. They're doing a lot of good games, but I hope they have a good season. Who's your favorite team?
The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's, though. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
Sure! Do you like novels written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
Yes, another crime drama novel is Utterly Cold Blooded. If you've heard of it's a good one, I recommend Watership Down.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer, Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Garfield also stars in another great comedy movie, Have you seen Toy Story 2?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not so much, I like baseball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I knew it was a horror movie, but I had no idea. She was in a series called The Man Who Knew Too Little. Have you heard of that one?
She was in The Book of Eli which was an animated film. She was also in the HBO show Windtalkers.
Ted also starred Mila Kunis, Kate Beckinsale, and Emily Blunt.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes! It was released in 2004.
Yes I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I'm not sure he was in that movie, however, I do know he directed the film.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a horror movie.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Yes, he starred in Wolverine, Van Helsing and The Fault in Our Stars.
Did you know Waiting also starred Hugh Jackman?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and No Country for Old Men are some good ones.
Of course, he was also in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Job.
He was in The People Speak, which is a great action movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater directed the film.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but i can recommend a great movie for you if you like.
Great! Is there anything else I can help with today?
In the film drama, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
I believe it is a drama, but I don't know what genre it is.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's pretty good, but it's not as good as Eon Flux, but it's starring Charlize Theron.
They are a team outside the NFC south. Drew Brees is their quarterback. What do you think of him?
They are pretty good. Who's your favorite team? I watch them from time to time/
I do not know that, but I think the Steelers have won a lot of superbowls.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The End. It's a fantasy, spy film.
He also directed The Green Mile if you are interested in that film.
I do not know that information, but the Son of No One is starring Mindy Kaling. It is a fantasy adventure movie.
You're welcome!
Yes! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Silence of the Lambs.
Great!
Yes, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, The Lion King was one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like The Lion King, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
No problem, have a great day!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I am not sure of the genre, I believe it is a Thriller.
Sure. Are you looking for any other suggestions?
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know much about Fabio Capello, he's a midfielder. What sport do you follow?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's a great example of his films. He also starred in Tombstone and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I'll have to check them out one of their songs, then I've heard they're a lot of good players from South Korea. My favorite team is Korea.
I'm not sure if that's their current team. I'm not sure where they played. I'm not sure if they were in Seoul though.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and many more. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Zoe Zaldana and Natalie Portman also starring Jason Flemyng
You're welcome!
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It's a non-fiction book. It was published in 1958.
Wonderful! Anything else I can help you with?
Well, Hellboy is a Thriller, other Thrillers include City of Bones and City of Ashes
Tom Cruise, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman to name a few. Also, it is Sci-Fi.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he is a famous author who wrote both The Power of Six and The Magician's Land.
That's a good one. He was also in the movie A Thousand Splendid Suns.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in Jumanji and The Spirit.
John Turturro also starred in the movie Apocalypto
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day with Anne Hathaway.
That movie is a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like dramas I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Manchurian Candidate. Both are excellent!
Yes. He has list of books you should check out. SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, he also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not read any of his books. Sorry, I do not have any information on his books.
That's great! Steven D. Levitt also wrote a book called A Waste of Shame, which is also a biography.
The War of the Worlds is a good one he wrote.
Yes, it is science fiction. Are you a fan of Edgar Wright?
Yes, and Julie Kavner is a great actress.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a comedy and drama, do you like these actors or genres?
Yes I can. I like most of his music from the 80's
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 based on Greek Mythology. Would you like to read it?
That came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
No problem!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a Point Guard?
That's right. I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
I haven't seen him but I do know that he also plays the point guard.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
It was written by E.B. White and produced by Rupi Kaur.
He stars in it as well as produced and directed it. Which is a good movie?
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Island is a new movie starring Kenny Orci.
I have The Wedding Date, Waiting to Exhale, and Waiting to Exhale.
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, have you see Zathura: A Space Adventure, The Devil Wears Prada or The Death Cure?
Sure, Zambezia also starred in It's a Great Romance film.
Actually, Noureen DeWulf is a comedy.
You are welcome, let me know if you need anything else.
They are a football team, but they are owned by The Washington Redskins. Do you like basketball?
That is a great movie. Are you a fan of Transformers?
The Taking of Pelham 123 also stars Ramon and is an action movie. Have you seen that one?
It is a action movie that also stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Zegers. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is also a Romance novel.
Yes, that is correct
Great, you are welcome!
I know she was born in Mumbai, play tennis, and is married to Shoaib Malik. It is a good game.
Not really. I just know that Serena starred in a movie called Hair Show. It's about her sister Serena.
Yes, she is definitely successful in that movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
Both are comedy/drama movies.
He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Yes, it is written by Issac Asimov and David Benioff.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. You might enjoy that one as well.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer, song writer and dancer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She's a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure about that but I can give you a try to listen to it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He's a good actor. Didn't he star in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point?
I love crime fiction. Have you seen The Hurt Locker or The Hurt Locker? I liked that one.
No, the same actor. I haven't seen the movie. Is it a thriller?
Awesome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Jessica Walter. Do you like that type of movie?
Sure. You might also like The Lorax, which is a comedy.
Sure. I'll add those movies to your watch list.
Enjoy.
He is the Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for soccer. Are you a fan?
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen and was a Romance film.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Leo Tolstoy. It's a great movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Linklater. If you like his work, you might enjoy A Bug's Life.
Glad to be of help
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She is a great writer!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and Aaron Sorkin and is a Biographical film. Do you like these actors?
Tom Everett, Tim Blake Nelson, and Tim Blake Nelson all starred in The Social Network.
White House Down is a great movie starring Rashida Jones
You are welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
He's written some great books. My favorite is The Pelican Brief, but I think you might like it.
Ah, I didn't know that. Speaking of Zadie Smith, did you know he's also a writer and a director?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an action film.
The Fog was released in 1983 and stars Tom Wilkinson and Rip Torn. The Fog is a great movie!
Yes, she's great. I'm glad I could help!
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction Drama.
The Two Towers is similar to Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Natasha Richardson. She also wrote Lord of the Rings
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a fiction novel.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Tom Berenger, Dwayne Johnson, Michael Gaston, Scott Bakula...
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Handmaid's Tale is a good one by the same author.
I'm not sure. He's a great writer. If you'll like his book in the series, you might enjoy that.
You're welcome.
That actor was born in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in his movies?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama. Do you like Indie films?
It was released in 2004. If you like Vikas Swarup, you might also enjoy The Wedding.
No problem. Hope you enjoy it.
I know she wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a book.
The genre is Fantasy
The Iron Trial starring Aidan Turner is a fantasy drama
Sure. The Golden Compass directed by Chris Weitz
Did you like the author Roald Dahl?
You might like The Last Colony or The Mepphisto Club if you enjoy Zoe's Tale.
Yes, it is speculative fiction, and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to read it?
Yes she did write that book.
Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas, Texas, United States of America.
You are welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I don't know when it was released. Have you read it?
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a good book. John Green wrote it. Do you like that book?
Did you know that was written by John Green?
I don't know that answer. Can I help with anything else?
I can't find any information on that one, but if you'd like to check out The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of these?
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It's a great read.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Black Hat is a horror movie starring Tim Miller. Do you like horror movies?
Black Hat is a sequel to The Black Hat and he also starred in the movie The Goon
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2009 Mexican/Spanish fantasy novel written by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it is written by Guillermo del Toro.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie. I highly recommend it.
Can I help you with anything else?
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
That is correct! Have you seen the movie or the movies?
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the titles and starred in the Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, you may like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't seen it but I heard it's an interesting story.
I haven't seen it but I see the movie The Godfather Part II is starring Al Pacino.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It also stars Sofia Coppola.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild which is a biography. Would you like to know more about it?
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. You should check it out.
Me too! Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Garth Williams?
Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, I have you seen The King's Speech, The Miserables, or The Fountains of Paradise? Those are my favorites.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I haven't heard of her, but will have to check her out. I am a big fan of hers.
I've heard that's cool. I've heard she's been a fan since I've been a huge fan of her music. I prefer rock, like her or Metallica. What about you?
Yes, I sure did. Isn't she also a musician as well?
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like that coach?
Yes, they won the 2010 UEFA Team of the Year.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
S.E. Hinton is the author. Have you heard of her?
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a children's book, do you like that genre?
Yes it starred Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine who is a movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book. Do you like the author or genre?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre.
its a good question, I haven't seen the movie yet
She wrote an adaptation of Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Yes, he also wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, there is Jennifer Donnelly and I also know she wrote Dracula.
You are welcome, have a good day!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. It's starring Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I'm not sure if it's the same genre, but it has a lot of fantasy movies. You might like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or The Return of the King.
Enjoy. Glad i could help.
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
Yeah, I grew up in the Houston Texans. I don't know much about them, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you?
Yeah, he owns the San Francisco 49ers. Are you a fan of the Texans?
Yes, he starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
You might also like The Rum Diary. It's a good movie written by Emily Bronte.
It came out in 2004. It's a good movie.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's a great movie.
I don't know a whole lot but she is married to F. Scott Fitzgerald. Did you know she was born in Buck?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova who is a great tennis player?
Yes, she is a very talented tennis player who also won the 2008 PGA Championship.
I don't watch much football but I guess if I had to chose I would say I'd love to.
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It's a pretty good book. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released that year.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes he is the writer of X-Men 2
I know it was released in 2010
Absolutely, Enjoy
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is similar.
A couple of the movies in that genre are Two By Two and a Walk on the Moon. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure. He is a sci-fi writer who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is from the United States of America, I believe.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. I think it is fiction.
I'm not sure about Rob Lowe, but I know he also starred in a horror film
Yes, I recommend the Cast Away
Tom Hanks also starred in the movie "Back to the Future" which also stars Tom Hanks.
Well, the most popular ones are: That Thing You Do, That Thing You Do, and The Simpsons Movie.
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
I am not sure but it might be related to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it was released in 2016 and is a mystery.
I do! I really like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they've won a superbowl, have they? I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XL though.
How about the Seahawks going to be in the National Football League? Have you heard of that team?
Do you know anything about The Seahawks if they play in the NFC South?
It was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee, to name a few.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction as well as a romance novel. I recommend it for you.
I think he is alright but he lost many such as one to Rafael Nadal.
That's amazing. I saw him lose to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal last year. Who was your favorite tennis player?
I agree. I like Federer as well. Did you know he had a relationship with Roger Federer?
I don't have any information about Mary GrandPre. But I can tell you that she wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
You are right. J.K. Rowlings wrote those books. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, what Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
Yes she did, that one was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those books?
You are welcome, enjoy!
They're a pretty good team, but I think their coach Jason Garrett is doing a great job turning the franchise around.
My favorite team is the Broncos. How about you?
They seem to be having a bad season right now. They are 4th in their division right now.
I think he will be a good coach
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 was directed by Stan Lee. He also wrote Thor, and The Incredibles.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth.
Sure. She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a self help book. The Hiding Place has genre Autobiography and Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, another great Martial Arts movie is The Legend of Drunken Master. Have you seen that one?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
ok. Have a great day!
He directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joel David Moore are all starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Definitely! Sean Penn wrote and directed it, and it is a biographical movie.
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also an adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might enjoy World War Z or Wolverine, you might like that.
Zombieland has a great cast, David Underwood, Emma Stone, Derek Graf, Bill Murray and more starred in it.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Another good read is No Country for Old Men. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read another book by that author?
Yes. Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, Zooey Deschanel, Zooey Deschanel
The classic literature by Ernest Hemingway is like A Farewell to Arms. You like Hemingway?
You might like To your Scattered Bodies Go, or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
It is a romance novel, similar to To Have and Have Not, also a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day was written by Bill Murray, would you like to hear about other titles by him, or do you like Romantic Fantasy?
Charlie Hunnam and Nicholas Cage starred in Year One.
Yes he was Ghostbusters. Do you like movies starring Xander Berkeley?
You are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors.
You may want to try The Maze Runner or The Dead Zone.
Yes. It is great because it is also a sci-fi film and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those actors?
I'm not sure if she was in that film, but she was in it too!
Sure. Jean-pierce wrote You've Got Mail, a thriller. Are you interested in that type of film?
Micmacs is a great movie. Did you know that he also starred in The Stand or The Dead Zone?
I do believe he was a comedian in the movie. I am not sure when he was released.
Your welcome.
Of course, have you read the whole series by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you interested in his work?
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and it was written by Joel Coen.
He was in the science fiction film True Grit and the western, True Grit.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you enjoy the movie because it is science fiction or because it is a thriller?
I am not sure but it also starred Tom Hanks.
It is. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he's a great author! He wrote The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, it was the author of the book, The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Comte de Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin. Do either of those interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. Have you read either of those?
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi, I highly recommend The Last Samurai.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you heard of The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
/Could you tell me who wrote /movies?
Shark Night is also a thriller. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller, it has a genre of Urban Fantasy. Is that what you are looking for?
I do, I highly recommend Seven Pounds.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
He's great! You may enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded.
John Wick also stars Michael Coughlin, who wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
She is on the bucket list as well. I guess you can't go wrong by checking her out, as well.
I think she is a good actress. She starred in The Matrix and Speed Racer. Have you seen either of those?
OK, then you will like X-Men 2 or World War Z. They are Family and Comedy.
I'm not sure, but it starred Keanu Reeves, who was in that film. Have you seen it?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like this author or genre?
You might enjoy the Voyage of the Dawn Treader, it is also a young-adult novel, have you read that?
It was also written by Richelle Mead, Frostbite was also a part of the Vampire Academy series.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and The Dark Knight Rises, both were released in 2014 and are very popular.
Yes, he has starred in several movies. Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph or Treasure Planet? He was in those as well.
Yes, I hope you enjoy that movie!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You may have heard of The Princess Diaries. It was released in 2005. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he also wrote The Inheritance Cycle and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
Yes, they were both written in English.
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Water-Method Man, and The Long Goodbye. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. They have won a lot of superbowls.
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, since they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I love hockey, baseball and baseball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Yes, there is . It is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Have you seen it?
Yes, there are a few good actors in the film, including Tom Hanks, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson
I'm sure it's good! Enjoy!
Done. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I can't explain it, I know that he is a pretty good player though. I like basketball. What sport do you like?
I'm more a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was the first of a series and the next series is The Running Man. Have you seen those?
William Sanderson also starred in The Runner, The Handmaid's Tale and The Green Mile. Have you seen any of those?
I would also recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you heard of those?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Sarah Silverman. Do you like the movie because it's a family movie?
Me neither, because I don't have a favorite Leonardo DiCaprio. I do know that he directed a popular TV show called The Simpsons Movie. Are you familiar with that?
Oh yes, I recommend The Wolf of Wall Street. It's a funny one for sure.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starred Roger Bart and Richard Portnow, also starring Gwyenth Paltrow.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
The fifth element was written by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Matrix.
The Farthest Shore is a good one and stars Tom Hanks
You're welcome!
Yes, She's an amazing artist. I can tell you she's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a variety of things, including What's Your Number and The Secret Art of Bees.
I actually don't know any of her songs, but I do know she starred in a movie called Everybody Loves, which is a song of age.
I like her too. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either of those?
It was released in 2005 in English. It's a novella.
Yes, it's also in Spanish and I'm not sure of the translation. Anything else?
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Downtown and The Boston Girl. Have you read any of these?
It is fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
The Untouchables is starring Kevin Costner who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like that type of movie?
It is a good one. Do you like dramas?
Thomas F. Wilson, Robert De Niro and Kevin Costner are in it. Do you like them?
You are welcome
So-so. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes, The Nash is a great Drama movie I recommend it .
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
Sure, anything else?
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's a romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Beautiful Darkness.
Glad to be of help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy/sci-fi. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. What's your favorite?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in that movie.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy!
the wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She also wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romance novel.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Voyager is written by Mark Helprin
No problem
Yes, I have. She wrote A Tree Grows in Brooklyn that was released in 1943.
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was, and she also wrote Nine Stories
Do you mean the player in Belgium National Football team?
Great. Thanks for the info. What team do you like?
Oh cool. I like the New York Mets, too. My favorite team is the Red Sox. What is yours?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
Yes, he's one of the best directors in my opinion. He's a writer, screenwriter, and film producer. He wrote and directed The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I have seen it, it is a great movie. Tombstone and Lee Curtis starred in it as well.
Yes, he directed Twilight, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew McConaughey is also in Shackleton. Are you familiar with him?
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Diaries.
He wrote a screenplay and is from the United States.
Yes, he wrote a book called Shark Night, which is a fantasy.
No problem!
Sure, she wrote The Assassin's Blade and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Do you like those?
I would recommend True Grit and The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. They are all great reads from the same year.
No problem, I hope you enjoy!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It was written by Stan Lee.
Yes he is. She was also in No Country for Old Men.
Yes he did, and Rashida Jones also starred in that movie.
You are welcome!
Yes, He wrote Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
The Tale is a great fiction novel by Chinua Achebe, have you heard of it?
I have not seen that movie. It is starring Robert De Niro, who is also in it.
You are welcome have a great day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in the movie.
Your welcome.
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
It is a Non-fiction Genre
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Philosophy. Do you like those genres?
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Khaled Hosseini.
I'm a fan! I like romantic comedies. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
Alright. Did you know that Echoes of Silence was released in 2010?
It looks like they had a lot of big impact when they won the MInson Championship.
Are you referring to A Time to Kill written by Josh Grisham?
If you like thrillers, you might like The Pelican Brief or The Firm. He is also a good writer.
The Cold Moon was released in 1993. It also has a sequel to The Brethren.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also a film of the same name.
I don't have the information for the book in German. It was only written in English and is a book in English.
You're welcome.
Dr Seuss has many books including The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and Fox in Socks just to name a couple. Do you like to read Dr Seuss books?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books that are similar to Green Eggs and Ham.
Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are both great books and I highly recommend it.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorites.
I do like that song. Did you know Maroon 5 is also a singer?
Yes, X Factor is a comedy. I do like the song Hot n Cold.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, that's correct. Do you like that genre?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet, written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
Oh yes, he's been in some great films! Do you like him because he's a writer or actor?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobby.
I think it was released in 1981.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Tropic Thunder which is a good one
You are welcome
You might like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. Are you a fan of horror or fantasy films?
Yes, that's right. It was released in 1997.
He was influenced by Richard Linklater, Tom Hanks, and Peter Scolari.
Yes, it's considered children's literature in speculative fiction and science fiction genre.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson starred in the X-Men series, which also starred Sarah Silverman. She is also in the Fantasy/Comedy/Drama genre.
Ok, i'll add those to your watch list.
Alright, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a good one! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and Two Can Play That Game. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, he is. Did you know that Uma Thurman starred in Zombieland?
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
I don't know much about him, did you know that he had a hand in the team?
I don't really know that, but I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, he starred in The Apostle, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Apostle.
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. Did you know he also starred in The Apostle?
Of course, some indie films you might like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I didn't know that! he's also a musician and a model.
you are right and i think he is also a good player as well.
the basketball player is very popular and has won a lot of awards. do you like it?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
,I don't know that, but he had a relationship with Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2
He certainly is. Isn't he a good guy too? He's also a model and a celebrity.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
I know that Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Did you know that The Titan's Curse is a fantasy novel?
Well, The Lost Hero is a good one. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Oh yeah! He directed The Simpsons Movie. It was hilarious. Have you seen it?
Perhaps you would like Beavis and Butt-head Do America, or Rugrats go Wild.
Ok, then you'll like The Simpsons Movie. It's also part of The Walt Disney collection.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, you are correct. While the play was released in 2014, I can recommend a book similar to Twilight.
I don't know what she has worked with her, but did you know Wicked was released in 2014?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Man on the Moon. Have you read that one?
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like historical movies?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
Yes! I love The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. Have you read that?
It is also in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King wrote the Bone Clocks?
It is a fantasy novel written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Bateman stars in Slither. He's a great actor.
He also starred in the movie Paul, which is a comedy.
Hope you enjoy
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which was released in 1606.
Yes. Gnomeo & Juliet was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
In addition to Elysium, I can recommend a movie called Robots. It's not a sci-fi movie.
He's good! He was also in The Green Mile, which is a great movie!
yes i love those movies!
Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe his last album was released in 2016. Do you like it?
Yes, I actually haven't seen it before. I'm not sure of that but I can check it out. Did you know Sam Smith won a Golden Globe award?
I like him too. I'm also a huge fan of his.
My favorite band is a lot of my favorite bands, but I like the Washington Redskins, how about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
What a great book What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94. You watch Ultimate Fighting Champions?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
I believe so. Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote The Grand Design and The A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It also starred Sarah Polley and was directed by John Grisham. Would you like me to play it for you?
Enjoy!
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia is a romantic novel released in 1982.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a genre of suspense crime movie. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama starring Matt Damon and was released in 2002.
Yes. He also starred in The House of God.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you heard of it?
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books include Xenocide, Wolf Brother, and Wildwood Dancing.
It was released in 1981, and it is part of a series.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, the original book was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost Souls was also released that year.
You're welcome.
The Historian wrote The Last Templar and The Collector. Have you read either of those?
I don't have any other info on suspense, but I can tell you that William H. Macy is a great writer who wrote the Historian.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Sean Penn. It's one of the best thrillers I can recommend.
You're very welcome.
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
Help is starring Tate Donovan. Did you know that she also starred in Gone Baby Gone?
Yes! He was also in The Watch and he's been in it as well.
It's a romance film and comedy. It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The book is a crime fiction and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, he does star in it as well. It's a crime fiction movie.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Correct. Kristen Stewart played a big role in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Brothers Grimm wrote Van Helsing and also The Thin Red Line.
You are welcome!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
It was a good one! If you like The Titan's Curse, you might also like The Throne of Fire. Have you read that one?
Any time!
I don't know too much about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
The Muppets also starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. She was also in Spring Breakers.
Me too! I loved that movie too. Emile Zola was great in that movie too.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Yes, I love Will Smith too. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. I highly recommend it.
he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
That's a great movie. It's starring Woody Harrelson, who also starred in Dreamcatcher. Have you seen that one?
I'd recommend a book by Lois Lowry. It's more of a Children's literature, but i think you'd like it.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It is a comedy as well. Have you seen it?
Great! You might also like her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it does fall under the genre Fantasy, comedy and adventure.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, I do. He starred in the Karate Kid. Have you seen that?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shining, Pet Sematary, and The Bone Clocks.
That movie stars Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, and Jason Bateman to name a few.
Yes, she starred in the comedy, The Cosby Show.
Any time!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Queen of Attolia is Science Fiction
Not at this time i do not have anything similar to this movie.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that The Order of the Phoenix has the genre Adventure if you like that.
Yup, the director of this movie is JK Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Plains of Passage?
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel written by Terry Pratchett, it is a novel which was published in 1993.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction. You might enjoy that one as well.
Glad to help, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Drew Barrymore and Bill Paxton.
He sure did, along with Larry Crowne. It is a Romantic Comedy
That is correct. Keith Carradine also starred in the movie King Kong. Have you seen that movie?
Yeah, I think he is an athlete and plays cricket
I don't really know anything about it, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do like tennis. She was a great tennis player.
Wow, I didn't know that. I think he's also an athlete as well.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh Michael Jordan is an amazing actor. I liked him on Space Jam, too. Who's your favorite player?
I love Ivan Reitman. I think he also produced Ghostbusters.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, it seems as though he has only written one other book called The Sea of Monsters.
It is speculative Fiction.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Lightning Thief
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It is a Speculative Fiction.
It was released in 1990. Have you read it?
He has written a few things like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those or see
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is really good. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I don't have any related writers for Crichton. However, Michael Crichton is a writer and film producer.
Sure. Robin Cook is a writer and film producer.
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Well, Ratatouille was produced by Stieg Larsson. It's a great movie!
Yes he is! Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it might be a good book if you like biography
The Whispers is another good one
That is a great song by Ed Sheeran. He also wrote Kick-Ass which is one of my favorites.
Yes, he composed the song You Need Me, and I Don't Need You.
Yes, he sings Stay with me and Not the only one.
It was a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Do you like books written by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about the book?
He's a prolific writer. He has written a few books such as The Thief of All Things and The Human Division. Are you familiar with either?
Happy to help!
Yes, it's a great movie. I like it because of the genre of it's author, J.R.R. Tolkien's work. Do you like him?
Then you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
I haven't seen that one. I've heard it's amazing. Can you recommend it?
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this book because of the genre?
Great! I haven't read any of his new books. Did you know Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Mystery Knight?
It's a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
Yes, it is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure if there's any other films filmed, but The Golden Compass was filmed in Mexico.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer. I love his music! Do you like his music?
I love her fathers music. I heard he did a good job on the show.
Yes, she's a great singer. I also like her song One Time. Have you heard of it?
Yes! He's a great director. Do you like him? He directed the movies Three Kings, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like her work?
Do you like movies with George Clooney in them?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes, Where the Heart Is has genre Drama.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, she did star in it, and she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road .
She's been in a number of movies including The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray, and The Wrestler.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He also starred in Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them, which is a popular film. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Glass Lake and The Ghost Writer. What genre do you like?
There is The Passage if you haven't read this one yet.
You're welcome!
Yes he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It is a good one also starring Stefan Kapicic. It is a Sci-Fi movie and also starred Scarlett Johansson, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It seems it is a good lead film, but I would say it is more of a thriller or horror genre.
Yes. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page as the Harry Potter series.
Absolutely, some books written by Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It's in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie? There's a book in English that might interest you?
you're welcome! Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for something in that genre or by the same actor?
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men:Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It is starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Downey Jr., both great actors.
Cool, one of my favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen this one?
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock and hip hop.
It's a pop music.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like that movie, it's a drama. Equilibrium is also a drama.
It's a great film. You should try Waiting to Exhale if you haven't seen it already
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
He is a writer, she wrote The Verdict and Lethal Weapon 3. Have you read those?
I don't know any other books written by him. But I do know that he is a scientist and poet.
Crime is a mystery
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by Kierra Cass include The Selection, The Siren, The Prince, and The One. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is. He also starred in Waking Life and Slacker. Have you seen those?
Do you need any other recommendation?
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may like Paper Towns.
Any other suggestions I can help with?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually starred in many Indie films, such as The Things We Do for Love, The Rules of Attraction, and Little Women. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, and it also starred Ridley Scott. He's a great actor. Have you seen it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He's also written Dazed and Confused, which is also a film. It's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
apologize, I do not have that information. Did you know he was also a scientist?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, This Is Spinal Tap, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read any of these?
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War. If you haven't read that one, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a British author, who wrote Thirteen Moons and the book that went to film called Cold Mountain. Are you a fan?
Thirteen Moons has genres Memoir, Action and Adventure. Do you enjoy these genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I think it's like Beyonce. I haven't heard of them but I do know that the current band is called K-Pop. I like a little more rock.
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins . Have you seen that movie?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes, he wrote a book in 1960. She was born in Sainte-Fyre.
I know Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He competed in the 2012 Olympics.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote Dagboekbrieven who wrote the book Labyrinth.
You are welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is also starring Tom Cruise. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar, it is a crime fiction.
Benedict Cumberbatch is also in that movie. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, it is. What Just Happened to Goodfellas is also written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
I don't have any information on the release date.
You are welcome.
Pretty good team, They beat the Timberwolves yesterday 118 to 109.
Not really. Do you know who is the coach?
I do like the Lakers. Who is the coach?
I'll have to check out one of his games! Did you know he was a voice actor?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist which is a comedy.
Yes that is where he is starring in the movie
Yes I haven't seen that one yet, is there anything else I can help with?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, it would be considered a children's literature and I love it.
Yes, it is a romance novel, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Did you like the movie because of the genre?
Roland Emmerich wrote a movie called Independence Day, which is a action film. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is the one and only starred Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about Tom McCarthy ?
You are welcome!
I know she starred in Gravity, a crime thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 1994. He also directed Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Tom Waits also starred in it.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men 2 were also released that year.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Oakland Raiders. Did you know that they were owned by businessman Mark Davis?
Who was in that movie?
Yes, they both starred in it. What's your favorite sport?
It's a novel written by Christopher Nolan, starring William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred William Morgan Sheppard, and Roger Rees.
Rebecca Hall has starred in Crazy heart and WALL-E which is a horror film
You are welcome
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
It is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
There is a book similar to it called Closing Time. Would you like to know more about it?
No problem!
Yes, I do. He wrote Tempted which is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2008 in English and is part of a series.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's a good book. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities is written by Richard Maxwell?
It is. It is also a film adaptation, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out. Thanks.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
Yeah, Peter Jacobson starred in Cars 2 along with Tom Hanks.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's a partner with Hayden Panettiere, and was a boxer.
Yes, and Denzel is talented too. He also produced Mystic River which is another good one.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I enjoy the Redskins but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that Alex Smith used to play alot of the Saints in the AFC West.
I have actually not heard of it. I think it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes he does and it's a speculative fiction genre
There is Zoe's Tale, Wyrd Sisters, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Do you like him because he writes science fiction?
Ted Tally wrote and directed The Silence of the Lambs. Do you enjoy thrillers?
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs as well, it is a thriller. Have you seen that one as well?
Enjoy your movie!
The Transformers is a great action movie. Are you a fan of action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Armageddon. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that movie, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare At Goats.
I see him listed as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes I am a fan of Lebron James. How about you?
Yes, they were played in the 90s. A newer version of the 90s was called Space Jam.
I don't know about Hush Hush Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it is a series
Yes it is a book and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I understand. He's a very good golfer. What do you think about Tiger Woods?
I haven't seen Happy Gilmore, is it a great movie?
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, I don't know much about the New England Patriots. Are they a good team?
Oh, that's because we are a big fan of theirs! They are a team in the NFC South!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963 in English and released in Spanish. It is a serie as well as El otoo de soledad.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I am not familiar with that movie, is it a science fiction movie?
The Giver is an older movie. The Giver is an older movie. It was written by Lois Lowry.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
If you like fiction you may want to check out The Fault in Our Stars, also written by John Green.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
A part of it was produced by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about In Cold Blooded?
I haven't seen it but if you enjoy thrillers, you should check out The Third Policeman. It's one of my favorites.
Sure, he directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Would you like to watch that one?
Absolutely! World War Z is a great family film. I think you would enjoy it.
You're right. Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 3. He was also in it as well.
Great! I know that Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne, and starred in it as well.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is starring Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
The Goonies is a great movie starring Robin Williams, it is a Science Fiction Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear about other Sci-Fi movies?
This movie was released in 2006. Another good Sci-Fi movie you might enjoy is Shark Night.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in Proof of Life, it is a romance film.
He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it stars Marlon Brando as well, along with Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that movie?
Robert De Niro directed The Scent of a Woman. He also directed Cars.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Watcher.
I think he's starred in Ridley Scott. He was also in The Last Man.
Witless Protection is a crime drama and also a thriller.
Sure! Watchers and The Shawshank Redemption are very good films in the Crime genre.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her latest albums are RocknRolla, RocknRolla, and Lady Gaga.
I know of Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally enjoy their music. I really like the Band Muse, Do you know that one?
I prefer rock, like The Wiz, or Metallica. I really like some of their music.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, The Devil's Advocate, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in the Psychological horror film, The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
He was in Ratatouille, too. You might like that one as well.
Yes, he was in The Family Stone as well as The Diary of a Young Girl.
That's a good family film. She also starred in Will Grayson and The Children of Men.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Absolutely, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, do you like poetry?
Writings of Sylvia Plath, she wrote The Collected Poems, and The Collected Poems.
I think he was the most popular song of his. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Really, it is a coming of age story, similar to Michael Jackson. I don't know if you like him.
Yes, it's a whale movie! It was written by John Lennon and stars George Clooney. You should check it out!
Yes, I can. He directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a science fiction action film, do you like science fiction?
I don't know that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English. It's a great read!
Unfortunatelly, I'm only seeing Il Principe at the moment. But, it was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Oh you must give Il Principe a try! It was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it was released in La sombra del viento.
It's written in English.
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Color Purple is a Fiction book that was released in 1982, the same year The Temple of My Familiar was released.
The Color Purple is a musical, if you like musicals, you should watch it.
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information right now
You are welcome
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them too. They were runner up in the 2009 UEFA League Final.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Tom Hanks and he also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
He is a basketball player who plays point guard.
Would you like to know something about The World According to Garp?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
He is a wonderful actor. He starred in Set It Off starring Vivica A Fox and Law Abiding Citizen .
She's amazing. I like her music but not as much as her acting. Have you seen the TV series?
It also stars Tom Hanks and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a comedy/drama.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club has a genre of Thriller, Action and Action. Do you like these genres?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that Shark Night is also starring Kyla Pratt
Brad Pitt is a famous actor, but he has starred in a lot of movies. Is there a specific movie you are looking for?
You're welcome!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like romance novels?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games also starring Emily Watson. It is a good film.
Yes, it is! Other romance films include The Rules of Attraction, The Thinking of Thinking Without Thinking and The Secret. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Don't know a lot about Cricket but I know is from the United States of America. Have you seen it?
That's a interesting fact, I'm not sure if it's in India.
I agree. The Los Angeles Lakers are a great team! Who is your favorite player?
Mike Brown is a good coach
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Oh, I love all these books. I think you'll enjoy it.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All Star Team award!
They are a basketball movies actually, drafted Heath Curry. Do you like basketball?
You're welcome!
He starred in the movie Vulgar, which was a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Vulgar is a 2010 science fiction film written and directed by Steven Spielberg. It has a movie not too long ago.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American Drama Film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 1999.
Kevin Smith is a writer, actor, and film director, producer and screenwriter. He has edited and starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Stupid Hoe.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy Vulgar.
I know it is a German football club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I actually don't know much about soccer, I guess i heard they play the Manchester United F.C. team
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. I really like that genre.
Not sure . But you might also like The Pillars of the Earth which is speculative fiction.
It is a romance novel.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know of any fiction novels by him.
I am not sure of the genre but I can tell you it is a historical novel.
You are welcome.
It is a non-fiction novel.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know he starred in The Incredibles?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's on the New England Patriots team. Did you know he was a quarterback?
Yes I do, Floyd Mayweather Jr is a great boxer. Do you like Boxing?
Yeah, I was thinking it was a good fight. I also like Billy Boyd.
Oh, I did know that I did not know that.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien and is in the Fantasy genre.
I would consider it to be a drama
The Host is similar and is also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen that one?
For sure! I love that one, I love Ella Enchanted is a romance that was written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen that one?
Of course. The book came out in 2008 and stars Steve Buscemi and Rip Torn. It's a adventure film.
Great. I hope that you enjoy them.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Great. Emma Stone is also in The Amazing Spider-Man. It is a science fiction starring Andrew Garfield.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Business of Life is a great book that was written by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy for more of his self-help books.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Top Gun is a Thriller with Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch that ?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, I like him a lot. Didn't he play on the Miami Heat now?
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he was in the movie We Rode In Trucks.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and stars Emma Thompson.
Can I help you with anything else?
Matt Malloy directed it, did you like it because it was a mystery/thriller?
Have you seen Zodiac? It's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. Do you like it? I heard it was a good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2003!
Yes, it was actually written in English, I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
I also like Tip of My Tongue and You Love Me. Do you know those?
I am not sure, but I know she has been in a few films. She was in The Bounty Hunter and Let Me Down. Have you seen them?
Yes, I do like reality television. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Liam Neeson. It is also a Fantasy/Adventure novel.
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. I hope you enjoy them!
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes! Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It is an adventure film
Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and is a good actor.
It's a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a Comedy. You might also like The Killing Room, starring Frank Weaver.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. I do know that it is written by William Shakespeare.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel that was released in 2003. It's about a novelist who runs a Monday night movie club and is in the romance genre.
My data has it listed as speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy. I would recommend a book of this genre if you are interested.
You're welcome!
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
Catch Me If You Can also starred Julia Roberts and Richard D. Zanuck. Would you like to hear more facts about this actor?
Yes! Paula Hawkins wrote In the Woods and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of these?
Yes it was, you are right and she wrote the book The Girl on the Train which was also released in 2015
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. I highly recommend it!
If you are into Children's literature, you'll enjoy The Siren. It's a classic!
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
In addition to The Modern Prometheus, it is also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and was released in 1818.
He was also in The Last Man and The Infinite Sea. Have you seen either of those?
Love the Day also stars Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, I can tell you that John Green wrote that book. Would you like to learn about other stories he wrote?
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a really good basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he was, do you know who starred in that movie?
Yes they all become a football team. I think he is a good player
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction movie, do you like that genre?
Yes, Way Station is a great one.
I haven't heard of that one. Can I help with anything else?
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you'd like it.
Roscoe Lee Browne starred in that movie. Do you like her?
Yes, it was released in 2011 and also stars Denzel Washington.
I definitely would! Moulin Rouge is written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, she was in that film as well! Do you like her acting?
It also starred Joe Morton and Ivana Milicevic. Do you like them?
You're welcome!
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are you a sports fan?
Then I do love American football. What's your favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Carlo Ancelotti.
Oh yes they will be in the superbowl. What do you think?
Sure! Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen Safe House? It is a good Crime/thriller.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Prestige. It's a drama/thriller.
You're welcome!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Did you know Steve Careel was also in Little Miss Sunshine?
That one was released in 2007 and is a classic.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I like his music alot, I know he's a good songwriter
Yes, I do like her. It has a lot of years. She won American Idol and the 2010 Summer Olympics.
Sure, that's by Liane Moriarty. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2014. You might also like The Last Anniversary if you like romance stories.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction type novel. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Speakers of the Dead and The Darkest Road are also Speculative fiction
I do not know that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Terry Rossio
Your welcome.
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Definitely! She was in a new version of The Edge of Glory. Are you familiar with that actor?
She was also in The Muppets, also a musical comedy. Have you seen that one?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Ok. I like Yellow too, did you know that Ryan Gosling is friends with them?
Yes! That was a place of birth was located in Amsterdam.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth which is a romantic comedy.
Yes she is and she also starred in the Animated Film X-Men 2.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
The Prophet falls under the genre Fantasy. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, a few of his songs that I like are Prince Caspian and Yossip Girl. Have you heard them?
I'm not sure if that's the genre, but I know he's from Nashville and is married to Gisele.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
The book is about a family who runs a ranch and the mother's life.
It was released in 2005
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Thriller
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
You're welcome
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, Michelle Nolden, Jaqueline fleming and Bruce Willis to name a few.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Yes, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? It's a similar one.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. In fact, Tate Donovan also starred in The O.C., which is a great movie.
Please let me know if there is anything else I can help with
Did you enjoy it because it was starring Marlon Brando or because it was a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, it is a really popular crime movie, have you seen it?
Do you know who starred in the film?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it as well. Have you seen it?
Yes I did. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in The Wedding Crashers?
Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Beach, Who's Your Number and You've Got Mail.
He plays for the Germany national football team where he plays midfielder.
Yes he plays the Midfielder and he is a forward.
He play on the Germany national football team, which is a midfielder.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the writer of this team as well.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
A couple of my favorites are What's Your Number and Underworld. Do you like those?
Yes and also Emma Stone too. I think you will like The Hunger Games and The Exorcist to name a few.
I will be glad to help. Enjoy
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like comedy-drama movies. If you like Zooey Deschanel, you should check out Mary Anne Hathaway.
I like murder mystery, but would you like me to add it to your queue?
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it an action movie?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
You might also enjoy "Out" written by Sara Gruen. It's a romance novel.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Margaret Stohl starred in it. It's a romance novel.
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
He's from California. Are you a Yankee fan?
The book Inside Man was written by P. J.K. Rowling. It came out in 1999. Do you like that genre?
I can't find that information, is there anything else I can help with?
He also produced That Thing You Do!
It seems to be a crime fiction.
I'm sorry I have no information on that. It is a comedy.
Thank you so much for the info!
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in that movie as well along with Good Will Hunting.
No I haven't heard of those movies I know?
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Did he play on the New York Yankees?
Yeah, the Steelers had a chance. I think the Steelers were a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII. It was a great game.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is written by Colleen McCullough?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
I have no idea. But I heard it was a good book.
She also starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
You should. Let me know if I can help with that.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right. It was also released in 2005. That was the same year that Bird Box was released. Have you seen it?
The Mist was also written by J.K. Rowling. That is a great science fiction book. You might enjoy that one too.
You may enjoy The Shinning. That was also written by J.K. Rowling. It is a great science fiction book.
Certainly! Enjoy!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film, it stars Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor. It's a great movie.
I would recommend The Walking Dead if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy.
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Julia Roberts and James Franco. It's a great thriller.
She also starred in Bridesmaids are you familiar with that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's in a relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
She starred in The Shining. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I love her. Her music is so talented. She starred in Men in Black 3 and Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yeah, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a classic?
The Muppets also had Will Smith and her sister Serena Williams. They were both in the Muppets!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1877.
I don't know any other writers, but I know Victor J. Stenger wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You are welcome!
The Flying Scotsman starring Billy Boyd and Stone of Destiny also starring Billy boyd
I couldn't find any similar movies, however, he starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
He starred in The Return of the King, which was a drama movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a very talented writer. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I have seen Happy Gilmore too. I like Adam Sandler in that movie, but I haven't seen it. Do you?
That's a good one. I liked Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you see it?
Would you like it to be based on Sci-Fi?
I'm not sure if that book is a film, but The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller and fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is written by Tim Burton. Tim Burton starred in this movie.
The Pelican Brief was written by John Grisham and stars Thomas Lennon and Liam Neeson.
I don't have any information on that one, I can tell you that it is a Crime Drama.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance movie?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in the movie.
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery thriller.
Yes, he also starred in The Hangover Part II, which is a comedy
The Light Between Oceans is one book. Have you read it?
Yes, it came out in 2012 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
I can add that to your list if you would like?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like her work?
Jane Austen wrote Lullaby.
He wrote Zero Dark Thirty, Sense and Sensibility, Meg Cabot, I recommend him.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you liked the O.C., then you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
He was in The Mask, I think you may have seen that one.
While You Were Sleeping has genre Musical, is that a type of film you'd like to watch?
Rocky is a Sci-Fi movie. It was written by Sylvester Stallone. Other movies in the genre are The Rock, The Fighter, Raging Bull.
You might like The Cradle Will Rock, then. It was also written by him.
It's a martial arts film, similar to The Count of Monte Cristo.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then I'm going to suggest Water for Elephants. It's a very good one.
The Age of Innocence was written by Roman Coppola.
You're welcome.
I didn't know that! I think he was from Miami. Do you know who he is?
I am not a big basketball fan. Are you a fan of Channing Tatum?
Yes, I agree. I admire the sport.
Oh wow, i didn't know that. Wow he must be very good then! What do you think?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very good movie, starring Tom Hanks.
That is a classic, I really liked The Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
The Girl Next Door is a classic, also written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure I do! She's one of my favorite singers.
Of course. Other movies in that genre include The Bounty Hunter and No Country for Old Men
Sorry I have not heard Wildcats yet.
He was a Parody movie. He also starred in True Grit and The Majestic
You are welcome
Of course, Meg Cabot wrote Biography and The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre young adult fiction. Do you like fantasy books?
I don't know any of her other books. But I do know she was influenced by Justin Timberlake.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Insomnia, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Bautista from Guardians of the galaxy star in War. Does that sound interesting to you?
I'm not sure when it came out. Can I help with anything else?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 1979.
Yes I do, I'm a huge tennis fan, but I prefer the Williams sisters.
Actually I don't know a lot about tennis but I'm familiar with Venus and Serena Williams.
Oh wow . What's your favorite tennis player?
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Wow, I didn't know that. I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you been to the Seattle Seahawks?
I like that one, I like The San Diego Chargers. Have you heard of that one?
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
A couple other good ones are You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or The Incredible Hulk. He was also in those.
Yes it is written by Robert D. Siegel, starring Marisa Tomei and Marisa Tomei. It is a Romantic Comedy
It's a drama
Your welcome!
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
I don't know much about soccer, I prefer American football, you?
Well, I can only find a few cricket players. My favorite sport is Basketball, what's yours?
It's part of the series and the next book in the series is The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
I believe it was a fiction novel.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
Yes, Peter Pan is a crime fiction novel by J.M. Barrie, do you like this?
Sure. You may also like The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like children's literature.
It's a young-adult fiction book. Is that something you'd like?
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a science fiction novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs.
The book was written by Jane Austen and is a fiction novel.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Richard Pevear also wrote Groundhog Day, which was released in 1935.
I'm not sure but it was a fictional film.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly. It's a great movie!
I do not have that information but I can tell you that she was in the London Summer Olympics starring Will Smith.
Yes it is a romance and comedy. Do you like Ty Olsson?
As well as being a writer, I am sure you will enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Do you like that movie because it's a romance film?
Yes. He also starred in Armageddon: The Cosmic Battle of the Ages
Yeah , I'm not sure. Did you know that Ben Affleck also starred in The Wolverine?
That's true. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
Well I'd recommend based on a book, The Blind Side. It's a classic, but also a great biography.
It's about the story of an orphan boy looking for a home in the fictional Pennsylvania town of Two Mills. Does this help?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is very talented and is a very good tennis player. Do you like her and Tennis?
I follow it a little but what I know is from what people tell me about it. Do you have a favorite sport?
I have only seen her doubles before, but I do know that Serena has beaten Venus more over the years.
Sure, it is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like Superhero movies?
Certainly! Woman in Gold is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes she is in that, along with Scarlett Johansson, she is a great actress. I like her.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in a lot of horror movies.
Nick Cassavetes directed it. Do you like him?
Nicholas Cage starred in it. He is a great director.
It came out in 2007.
Yes, did you know Superman Returns stars Kevin Spacey?
It is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes, I like Tom Hanks too. He's a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it.
Your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like that author or you like thrillers?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife and The Last Tempt. What else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you?
Have you seen Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
Yes, it is also a film, have you seen it?
I believe it is a drama, but I don't have any information on the genre.
ok. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, you're correct. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
Enjoy your movie time!
I haven't read that one, is it a science fiction or speculative fiction?
If you are into science fiction, she's the most famous for reading Outlander. She wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I'm not sure if she has any other books that she wrote, but my Own Heart's Blood is a science fiction book.
No I don't. Is there anything else I can help with?
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Yeah I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
They did. Did you know Hayden Panettiere starred in The Expendables 2?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That movie has the genres Memoir, Action and Adventure. Do you like those types of movies?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, that's a great movie.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Tom Hanks, who also directed Pyramids.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Did you see her in Who's That Girl?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine, it's a romance film. Do you like any of his other songs?
I like Red Dragon and Swept Away. He was a lot of famous singers.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I know they are apart of the National Football League. I don't really follow football. What's your favorite team?
I know that the New York Jets made it to the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch. Have you seen it?
Sure, it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Danny McBride. It was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll do that right away.
Yes, it s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Is they a good team?
Oh nice, that's what I'm about. I'm not sure where the hype is.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg, but I think he has had a long career. I wonder if they are both friends?
Yes, he did! It's a movie, starring Kevin Costner. He also starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore Is Dead.
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a cute movie. It's a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Do you like her?
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
I believe it's a novel. She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action, thriller and murder mystery. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Tom Everett directed it and he did a great job in it.
Yes, he did. Dwayne Johnson also starred in World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Another good one, if you like Dwayne Johnson, you should check it out.
Yes, he is an athlete, with the Mumbai Indians, right?
I don't know a whole lot but I know he plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Is that right?
Yes, I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like to watch. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Oh yes! She was in that as well as The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen that one?
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Laurence Fishburne were also in that movie. Have you seen any of these?
I do, will add that to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic novel. Are you a fan of her?
It is a satire and adventure film.
Stanlee was written by J.K. Rowling. He is a great writer.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film and also in Memento. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Memento is written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Dark Knight Rises, which is a really good movie.
Certainly!
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's do you think?
I can't remember when they were the Runner-up team. Who's your favorite team?
I don't think that they play this week. They are in the NFC right?
He has written some good books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yeah, that's right. I haven't read any of his books, but I do know he wrote the book! Did you know Victor is also a scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books in the Fiction genre. But Victor Hugo did write Zodiac, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man. You might like those.
I am also a fan of superhero films. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They're both great.
I'm not sure if that's the name, but it's written by Douglas Adams and Robert De Niro.
Deadpool was released in 2008 starring Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein.
Absolutely, enjoy!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you mean the football player?
Football is the best sport in my opinion. Do you have a favorite team?
Thanks! What do you think of Chelsea's games?
Yes she is, I love the movie Spring Breakers. Have you seen it?
Yes, I think he did a good job. I don't remember when he was in Men in Black 3.
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It is a great comedy, comedy film. Have you seen it?
John C.Reilly both wrote and directed it. If you like John C.Reilly, you might also like The Campaign.
It was released in 1999, and it is a great comedy!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is poetry.
Yes, he is. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG. Do you like his work?
The King's Speech was released in 2012 which is the same year The Damned United was released.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I think he did as well, they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I think that's true. Do you know anything about Broncos he played for?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan?
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller were also in it. It was a good movie.
I highly recommend it. It is a great movie. It is a very good movie.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
He just played cricket and played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
If you like R &B, I think you will enjoy them.
No I haven't, but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes I believe he also starred in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Not sure. I have not seen it but he was also in The Rum Diary which is also a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet, will be sure to check it out!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination.
Juraissic stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies?
The Assassination of Jesse James is a science fiction film.
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins.
I don't know, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in it
Other adventure films I can recommend are; Wolverine, Van Helsing, and Titanic
Not that I know of but he did star in The Proposal
You might enjoy Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. Are you a fan of horror or fantasy novels?
Yes, it was. Stephen King also wrote The Shining.
Yes, that is true. I think he's also a writer as well.
Glad I could help!
Yes, I do have the movie Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he played a forward
They are 4th in their division right now
Yes, I think she's one of the best Singers in my opinion. Did you know she was influenced by Sean Penn?
Yes she is a great singer. Did you know she is also a model and a producer?
Yes, they are good. I can't wait to see them. I've heard they are pretty good.
He starred in Desperado. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
I'm not sure what is her latest album. Do you know it was released in 2014?
Sure! Do you have a genre preference?
Besides being a writer, Charlotte Bront, the author of Villette and Shirley. It was released in 1847. Does that sound interesting to you?
Thank you for letting me know! Have a wonderful day!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and it is a fictional novel. Do you know that author?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel. Are you a fan?
She also wrote Last Night at Cheteau Marmont. Have you read that one?
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Yancey?
Yes, I do like those books. Did you know that they made it into a movie?
Yes, it is. Do you like him because he writes a lot of fiction?
Company Man is written by Robert Jackson. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Robert Jackson just made it easier to read. Anything else?
I know that it was released in 1876
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
I think you would like A Walk to Remember. They have the same genre as well.
At the Water's Edge is written by Sara Gruen and starred by Lois Lowry.
Of course!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check it out. That was a good one.
Haha, I'm not sure where that is.
That's interesting. I have no idea as well.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a great movie with the same author, Morgan Freeman.
He starred in The Civil War, Invictus and The Civil War.
By Josh Grisham?
You might also enjoy Into the Wild by John Grisham. Are you familiar with that author?
Have you read the House of the Seven Gables or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for recommendations by this author?.
Great. I will add that to your list.
He also wrote the popular book D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
She also wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Science Fiction Genre
The Fault in Our Stars is also a book in this genre
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was co-written by Simmons.
Other books similar to The Catcher in the Rye are Inferno and Angels & Demons
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He was in The Green Mile, which is one of my favorite movies.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
Alright, that is a great one as well as the others I mentioned.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
My favorite player is Draymond. What do you think of him?
He's a point guard. One of my favorite players is Draymond. He was a point guard.
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
The House of the Seven Gables is an excellent literary realism. You might also like Fifty Shades of Grey.
I have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't think I love her music. Is she any good?
It is a great book, written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2004. That is the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would, it is a very good read.
I could also recommend The Lacuna if you like that genre.
Enjoy!
Looper stars Bruce Willis and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you heard of those?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which is a comedy/drama. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it.
Someone Like You is a comedy.
Absolutely!
It is a great book. The book was written by J.D. Salinger, do you like the genre or would you like to know more about it?
Franny and Zooey was also written by J.D. Salinger
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football, I know he is a Argentina national football team. I don't know much about football
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Have you seen Afraid of Ghostbusters? It's classified as a drama.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
Glad to help!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They are a good team in the NFC south. Drew Brees is their quarterback.
I'm a fan of the NY Giants. They aren't doing too well this year. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actress. She starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
I Know This Much Is True is written by Wally Lamb. It is a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, can you tell me about it?
I do too. Please enjoy.
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like the Bears, but my favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I've been a Denver Broncos fan since they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLVII. You like them?
Sure, do you like Spike Jonze or Spike Jonze?
The film starred many well-known actors, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is in the fantasy genre as well as science fiction, which is one of my favorites.
My pleasure!
Yes, I do. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, I do like that. She is a very talented singer. Did you know she also starred in Scarlett Johansson?
Yes, she was and so was Selena Gomez.
Yup, she was in that - she's pretty good.
I am not familiar with that book, but I know it was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
They used to be a war film, but I don't know much about the war film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Catcher in the Rye is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Sure, have you read Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld?
If you like Wolf Brother, you might also like The Diary of Anne Frank.
Glad I could help!
Big Hero 6 is a Family Thriller and stars Daniel Henney, Damon Wayans Jr.and Abraham Benrubi
Yes! Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes! She also starred in Dancing with the Stars.
Correct! Mindy Kaling was also in the starring role, yes. She is a great actor.
No problem, Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is a great player. Did you know he played for the Seattle Seahawks last year?
Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson is the main character in the film. It stars Tom Hardy, Ian McKellen and Al Pacino.
Do you like that movie because it is a Minority Report?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he won the 2010 PGA Championship!
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote; A Walk in the Woods, and The Fountainhead. Have you read either of those?
It came out in 1927. Would you like to read it?
Happy to help!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is on the Houston Rockets. Do you like the Houston Rockets?
Absolutely, I like the Denver Nuggets. Have you seen it?
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits is a comedy and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Certainly. Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Yes. He also directed Public Enemies, starring Michael Mann. It's a great film!
I hope you enjoy Collateral. It has a lot of great movies!
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great writer. Would you like to know some of her works?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Can I help you with anything else?
I do, she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she was in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
Oh yea i didn't know that! Love him. He's one of my favorite actors. He starred in The Lorax and Inception. Have you seen either?
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Do you know Roethlisberger is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints and the Steelers?
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She's also written a bunch of fantasy books in her fantasy genre. Would you like to know about other books in that genre?
If you like a young girl, you might also enjoy X-Men 2. Have you read that?
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Yes, that is what is your favorite team?
Yes I like Radamel Falcao, he is a midfielder on the Colombia national football team.
Yes, it is an amazing movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fiction book.
There's The Martian Chronicles starring Robin Williams.
In that case, you should check out The Passage if you like Drama.
You're welcome.
He is a wonderful actress who starred in such films as Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did write both of them. Did you know she also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Yes, she starred in the movie The Silkworm. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Great. The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i do for you?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Identity. Did you know it was directed by Tony Gilroy?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
Well, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do you like this genre?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, did you see the movie?
I am unsure if that particular movie won any awards but I do know it won the Tony Award for Best Original Score!
The only Romance movie I have heard of is Beautiful Creatures. I'd recommend that one.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
World Without End is another book written by the same author,
Well, it is a fiction novel, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a action and adventure film
He stars in the movie Spud and Dredd
I don't know that information
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 American fantasy thriller directed by Irwin Kreshner, do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Peter Mensah and Anne Hathaway starred in The Other Guys as well as The Campaign.
The Other Guys was released on January 15, 1994 starring Will Ferrell
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She was in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you seen that one?
You are correct. Are you interested in Ned Bellamy movies?
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Green Mile if you haven't seen that movie yet.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American science fiction action film about the murder of adolescence. It is part of a series
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Interesting, Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Great choice, the genre is Science Fiction, Comedy or Thriller! I hope that you enjoy it!
Did you know James Cameron also starred in True Lies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
I recommend a movie with Adam Sandler in it. Do you like him?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio also starred in Dreamgirls, also in Love Actually.
Glad to be of help
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a fan of them?
I haven't seen Nanking. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Zoe's Tale?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
These Long Winter is a novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder. Do you like her work?
If you like historical fiction you may want to check out Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
Sure thing.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't seen it yet but I will check it out
Absolutely! Another good drama book is World Cinema, if you haven't read that one.
It also belongs to the New York Trilogy.
That is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Mask, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2003.
You're very welcome!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway are the characters.
The Dark Knight Rises is a great romance film, have you seen that one?
It was directed by Ann Patchett, which is also a Romance Film
It came out in 2011
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in several movies. Which genre do you prefer ?
James Rodriguez plays for the Columbia national football team. He is also a midfielder.
I don't know anything about him. Is he a midfielder as well?
I think he was a midfielder as well.
John Leguizamo the actor is also from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
Peter Jacobson stared in As Good as It Gets and Purple Violets so the two might be similar.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. Do you like either of them?
It was released in 1999 as Good as It Gets.
Enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. Are they a good team?
Yes, I like football. What about yours?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you familiar with her?
I'm not sure, but I know she was in the 2012 summer olympics! That was a great year for her.
I like swimming and football.
He was born in London. He was also in the summer olympics.
You're welcome!
Sure, he is a good writer. He wrote Two By Two, True Believer, and The Wedding. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2016 and was in English.
He also wrote True Believer, by the way.
Yes, he was a producer and a director. He directed the movie The Notebook.
Yes, he is a famous comedian. He also wrote the Movie Diary of a Young Girl.
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
You're there. It's based on the book. There's a sequel for Kill Bill. She also directed Grindhouse.
Yes she is. She starred in it as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
Gentlemen Broncos starred William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it has a genre of Romance . Do you like Romance?
The Kite Runner is a romance/drama film.
Of course, enjoy!
Christina Lamb is a very popular author, would you like to know more about her?
Yes, he did. It's a book series and it's considered a science fiction novel.
I see. Are you a fan of The Pilgrimage?
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
It's a story. Did you know that Peter Pan is a film?
It is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in reading it?
It was released in 1922.
Sure! You might like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby. They're both dramas.
It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
Of course! You should check out To Kill a Mockingbird, it stars Micky Ward, and Melissa McMeekin. It's an action movie.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
She also wrote Villette. Are you a Jane Eyre fan?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction novel. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It's an Lullabye is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen these?
Yes, Steve Kloves did write The Amazing Spider-Man. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man?
That one stars Steve Kloves, J.K. Rowling and Mary Steenburgen.
Can I help with anything else?
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
South Africa is a great player, and a great athlete.
I haven't watched cricket before. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
The Great Gatsby stars Elina Alminas, Elina Alminas, and Elina Alminas.
Glad to be of help
You are welcome!
Yes it is a great comedy written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I highly recommend The Little Mermaid if you like that kind of movie.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching movie! I haven't seen that one but will definitely check it out!
Yes, it is a dark one. My favorite book is Red Riding Hood.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
White Fang is also a fiction book. I highly recommend The Sea Wolf.
Its a great book. If you like that you might also check out Call of the Wild and The Handmaid's Tale.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book released in 2011
I agree. Did you know that Swan Thieves was also released that year?
I think you'd enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice. It's a young adult fiction novel. Does that interest you?
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in it
Yes, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
Your welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Bears. Are you a fan of QB Jimmy Garoppolo?
Yes they are definitely a contender in the NFC West.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may enjoy.
Ok then you might like Then There Were None or The Secret Life of Bees.
That one is also a film starring Natasha Richardson and Cameron Diaz.
I love her music! Did you know she started as a child actor also starring in Victorious?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good singer. I don't follow the song too much. I do like his music.
Do you like that movie too? Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
I can recommend a book if you are interested. It is a romance novel.
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
It's mainly a drama, Thriller and Adventure film.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Liam Neeson starred in that movie.
Okay, ok, I'm not sure about that.
Have you seen Wildwood Dancing?
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel and Paul Walker?
I recommend Fast and Furious 2 and Fast and Furious 2
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
I am sorry, I do not have information about a similar movie, can I help you with anything else?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are similar ones
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men 2. Are you familiar with that?
I can't find any other movies he was in, but did you know Frank Millier starred in the movie?
What genre are you looking for?
Do you like Cat's Cradle because it is speculative fiction?
Yes, the same author also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
Yes. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I only know that he starred in the movie Space Jam.
Oh wow! I didn't know that! Anything else?
Yes I do, He's a great Song writer. Do you like his music?
Another one by Sam Smith is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like that one?
Yes that is correct. I do know that he was influenced by Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I am not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that, did you know that Mike Woodson owns the Madison Square Garden?
Do you know who owns the Philadelphia Eagles? I think they are doing well this year.
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
I don't have that information. Do you know Chris Weitz starred in it?
Yes, it is. Would you like to watch it?
The Last Stand is similar to The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen it. I don't know if that's his movies.
I don't know if he was in that movie, but I do like him. He was in The Dark Knight Rises. Did you see that one?
Oh yes. If you like Iron Man, you must be a fan of Mystery films.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Oh, I didn't know that. I'm a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Oh, I didn't know that! Oh, that's interesting. I'm a fan of Jared Leto.
Madame Bovary was written by Gustave Flaubert. Its a romance novel. Are you a fan of romance novels?
Yes, it was. Would you like to know anything about Madame Bovary?
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors. However, I can recommend a book by Madame Bovary.
If you're welcome, enjoy!
Well, she starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening starred in it. If you enjoy watching American Beauty, you might also like Sam Shepard.
Larry Crowne also starred in it and it's a great movie.
Yeah, she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like her?
Isn't she a pro tennis player?
Good Deeds is definitely a romantic comedy she stars in. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller who also starred in Alien.
He was in A Christmas Carol starring Tom Hanks, that is a great movie.
Absolutely, Enjoy
I am not sure if she has a new album, but she was in the movie The Assassination of Jesse James by the way. Have you heard that one?
Liam Neeson and Phyllida Law are two of the big names in that movie.
It was the award for Love in the Time of Cholera. Do you like that type of music?
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell, it is a great film.
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you might also like Howl's Moving Castle. Have you heard of that one?
The Sandman: Season Of Mists, The Sandman: Fables and Reflections. Do any of those sound interesting?
Wicked City is a young-adult fiction novel written and directed by Ron Howard. It is a based off of a series of books. I recommend it.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote one of the most popular children's books, The Witch of Blackbird Pond
It was released in 2005, the same year as The Lightning Thief
Your welcome
your welcome
Sure. Are you a fan of the Notebook's author, Nicholas Sparks?
I'm not sure if he wrote a Romance novel, but The Best of Me was also adapted into a film and is based on a book.
Yes, you may enjoy The Best and First Things First: To Live, to Love, and Dear John.
You're welcome!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
Yes. It was also released the same year as The Road to El Dorado
Glad to help
He's a wonderful children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, it is considered a children's literaturee.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go. I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out!
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a comedy
Some of the actors in the film were Leonardo DiCaprio, Michael Fassbender, Anne Hathaway
He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Certainly, he was in a few films. He was also in The White Princess, which is a classic romance film.
127 hours is a drama, comedy, drama. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Brad Pitt starred in all 3 movies. Did you know he also starred in Troy (Epic Film)?
I dont know about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Vantage Point also starring Tom Hanks
Sorry I could not be of help
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
Yes, he starred in the movie, What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yeah, I like her too. Did you know she won the 2012 Olympics?
Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He wrote Die Verwandlung.
The genre is Thriller, do you like thrillers?
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I think he did. Take Chance also stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, Linus Roache is also in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that movie?
Yeah, he was in it as well. It is a very good movie.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming.
Winona Ryder is the star.
It was released in 2003, and written by Craig Ferguson.
Yes, it was.
Your welcome.
Cloud Atlas, starring Tom Hanks, is a Sci-Fi/Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer also wrote The Running Man, have you seen it?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Taxi Driver is a 1995 film also starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Woman on Top, or X-Men: First Class.
Okay great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. I haven't seen it, but you may like it because it's a science fiction film, written by Stephen King.
I know he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
It was a horror film that was also made into a film.
Sure, She wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Are you familiar with that author?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it appears that it's related to The Diary of Anne Frank, who was influenced by Richard Condon.
Ok, I'll send it to you now.
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors in that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Who's Harry Crumb and In The Wild. Have you seen those?
Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Well if you liked that, you might also enjoy the film X-Men 2 or World Without End. Have you seen those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he is a great director. He directed many movies such as: The Seabiscuit, This is Spinal Tap, and Star Trek.
No, it is not a comedy, but it stars Vanessa Redgrave.
ha! I don't know that one. I know he also starred in In Good Company, which is a comedy.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
He did coach the Chicago Bears. I couldn't agree more.
Anytime! Have a great day!
I do not know too much about her, but I know she is an athlete who is really good at the Olympics.
I'm a huge volleyball fan. What about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What team do you like?
Sure. Do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Yes. You are right and also starred Shane Black.
You're welcome. Does there anything else I can help with?
No problem. May I help you with anything else?
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I don't have that information. However, it is a science fiction movie starring Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy, science fiction, and adventure film.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a fantasy novel.
King Kong was written by Sam Hamm. It's a great Action Adventure film. Do you like Action Adventures?
She has also starred in Funny Games - a romance genre film. Have you seen it?
It was written by Tom Clancy and stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's more of a memoir and a biography. Do you like that?
Yes, she starred in The Five Love Languages of Children and also in the X-Men series. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and a musician.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i do for you?
Sure, he is also a film producer. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
It is a Wonderful Life is written by Francis Ford Coppola, he is also a teacher.
Did you know that it was produced by Philip Van Doren Stern?
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
I'm sorry, I do not have that information
Great question, it was released in 1958
Yes I do, would you like to watch that?
I don't have that information right now
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie.
That's a great question...I don't have that information.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Did you know that the Raiders are owned by Mark Davis, I think?
I love tennis, I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What other sports do you like?
Sure, do you like movies in the romance genre or movies?
Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work as well?
Between the Lines or Where You Are? It's a good drama that was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like to read either of these?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you need anything else?
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen this movie?
Aldean Ehrenreich, Jack Nicholson, and Emile Zola are some of the stars in the film.
He's been in The Good German, which is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, which is a fantasy film. He also directed V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta was released in 2001. It is a science fiction/fantasy genre. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Wuthering Heights is his most famous work.
Yes, it's genre is considered satire.
Great. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It is a fiction book and it was released in 2001
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
It's a Fantasy genre like the Vampire Academy series.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, and many others. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, Leo wrote it. It seems to be a good one for a young adult. Do you like his work?
Yes, Great Britain is a 19th century British book written by Charles Dickens.
I haven't read that one, is it a mystery?
Great, have a wonderful day.
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he did. He also produced the Watchmen. Are you familiar with that one?
Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, and Adam Sandler are a few of the starring actors in that film.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
JK Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It falls under the genre of Fantasy and Children's literature. Have you read the book?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It's a Speculative Fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes. If you haven't read Harry Potter you should check it out. I think it's a great book.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama and a crime fiction movie. Did you know he was also a model?
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five? It is a crime drama
You're welcome!
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the soccer team. I prefer the Spanish national football team. How about you?
Did you know that he also starred in the drama Kick-Ass?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romance film.
Yes, I also like murder mystery, too.
Yes, that is a great crime fiction film. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is written by Tony Tanner or because it is a Fiction novel?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book by her?
I actually don't have that information. Would you like to read Persuasion?
Yes, it is a comedy starring Matthew McConaughey and Kevin Spacey. Are you familiar with their work?
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane but it's a comedy
That is a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Mask.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot about tennis but I don't really follow it. What sport do you like?
Yes, I do like to watch tennis during the Olympics. Who is your favorite player?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Way of Zen are other family novels, have you read those?
I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama/thriller novel. Do you like drama?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes! Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However if you like that one you should check out The Lying Game. It's very good!
I don't have that information, but I know Evangeline Lilly produced Real Steel. That was a good one.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Crime Fiction?
Then you might like You Only Live Twice or The Usual Suspects. I can recommend any of those.
No problem, enjoy
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one as well as The Usual Suspects.
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a historical fiction. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Nice, I think you'll like it. Thanks for the info!
No I don't know that. Is he a midfielder?
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
You should read The Wise Man's Fear. I wrote that!
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote the book The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard?
The Siren is a film adaptation, she also wrote The Selection and The One, The One, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Reptile Room. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else?
He's a great pianist. Do you like the piano?
Sure, do you prefer Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
There is a lot of action in that genre, including The Social Network.
It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or The Man in the Iron Mask.
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, you can try The Road to El Dorado. It is also a great book.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Stieg Larsson, and he starred in it.
He is also in My Best Friend's Girl and Gone with the Wind.
Yes, he is in that movie as well.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
Great. Seabiscuit is a story about a race horse.
You are correct. Happy to help!
You're welcome!
Sure, Aladdin was written by John Musker and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Clancy movies?
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2013. It also came out in 2011. It has some pretty good reviews and is considered a favorite.
You're welcome!
The Snows of Kilimanjaro is a popular one by Hemingway.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms is in the same series by Hemingway.
It was released in 1926, so it was a good read.
No problem! I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, I know he's a quarterback and a forward. Did you know that he won the NFL NFL Offensive Player of the Year?
Yes, I like him, and he is very talented. I like his music.
Isn't that an action movie like Young Buck?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Rea was also in White Oleander.
It is a Historical novel, do you like that genre?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945 and is a fantasy book.
That's a great book! But I think you might also enjoy The Last Olympian if you like that genre.
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh yeah, in that movie - I know very little about it. Did you know Madison Square Garden is written by Mike Woodson?
That was a great game, one of the most exciting players in the league were you a fan?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
May I suggest some for you?
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of the author John Scalzi?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series on Hulu.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I think he is a very good football player, did you know he won a Bravo award?
Wow! I didn't know that. Is he a German football player?
Thanks for letting me know!
I like him too. Did you know he has a brother named John Rooney?
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Rango is a classic! He also directed The Mexican starring Tom Waits. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I don't know of any other dramas by Jonathan Nolan
Memento stars Emir Kusturica and Hugh Jackman
Yes, he starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls under the fantasy genre as well as speculative fiction.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witching Hour.
Yes, she did write that fantasy novel. If you are looking for more of speculative fiction, she wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a romance novel, there is also a film adaptation of this story starring Anne Hathaway
You are welcome!
Magic Johnson is the latest movie. Did you know it was released in 2017?
The Holiday was released nine years ago, The Holiday was a great movie.
It is a romantic comedy-drama film.
X-Men 2 starring Sarah Parish is a good thriller.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a romance film
Do you like speculative fiction or science fiction?
He also wrote X-Men:Days of Future Past. Have you heard of that one?
The last stand is X-Men: First Class. It's a great action/adventure film.
Yes, it is. Other movies in the sci-fi genre include WarGames, Zombieland, and X-Men: First Class.
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman all starred in this movie
Thats a great X-Men movie. It was released in 2011. Same year Touch the Dark was released.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books similar to Will Grayson include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. Have you read those?
Sure, other young adult fiction books you might like include The Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and What's Your Number.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's a children's book. If you enjoy children's literature, you'll like Water for Elephants. It's considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered a children's book.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve, but what can you tell me about it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I do, I like football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him. Is he a good player?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child. Have you read that?
It is considered children's literature. You should check it out. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well.
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Snow Flower
China Dolls was released in 2005 and the genre is fiction
I'm not talking about the story. I do know that Snow Flower is a novel written by China Dolls.
Anytime!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
You might also enjoy Grindhouse. That was written by Rob Zombie, who also directed Spy Kids.
It is a good one and stars Rupert Everett and Emily Blunt. It was released in 1994.
Sure, this book was released in 2006 and written by Stieg Larsson.
Sure, Syeig Larsson has also written The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005.
Yes it was released in 2005 and is in English. It's a pretty good book.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure, he is a writer and a film producer. Some of his songs include Thriller and Slaughterhouse-Five, Kill Bill Volumes 1 and "Rockud."
Wicked is a Crime Fiction film, similar to The Assassination of Jesse James.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, was released in 1975.
Oh, it's a great book, I think you should give it a try.
Great, enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons.
He's alright. I don't know anything about him, can you tell me about him?
Me too! I loved Ghostbusters. The kids loved him in that movie, too.
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was in it, he was a great actor. I love his movies.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and is written by Gary Scott Thompson and was released in 2011.
That's a great film. Kevin Costner who is also in A Man Apart was also in The Chronicles of Riddick.
No problem!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Yes he did
Yes, I will. It is a great movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm a Packers fan so I'm not sure, but I do know that they're a runner-up team in the XXXVIII super bowl.
I agree. If you enjoy action movies, you should try Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Some similar books are Salt to the Sea and Life After Life
You are correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2011 in the English language. It's a beautiful book.
You're welcome! Have a good one.
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psycho-Thriller, so are you looking for something in that genre?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
the genre is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, the stars are Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell. Do you like them?
It is a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
It was written by Ernest Hemingway and was released in 1994.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also starred Tom Cruise and Liam Neeson. It's a great war movie.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
Ok, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Which genre do you prefer?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like these actors?
Tom Wilkinson wrote Collateral Treasure. He was a regular judge on The O.C. series.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but The Running Man is a war and fantasy movie. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in the movie XXX. You might like it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know that Hush Hush is a movie staring J.K. Simmons, have you seen it?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo. Have you read either of these?
You might also like the hit book The Spirit if you haven't read it yet. Have you read it?
You are welcome! Have a wonderful day.
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel
It is a memoir and was released in 2005
Okay, enjoy
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of these sound interesting?
You are correct. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, you are correct. He had a starring in that one, too. He's been in a lot of things. Would you like to see that one?
The Power is an interesting book.
My apologies. I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Sean Byrne wrote the book.
He wrote The Illustrated Man, which was also made into a film.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat. It was released in 2007.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it is a animated short film.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was written by Maurice Sendak in 1963. Do you like his work?
The Pagans Stone is a good one. You should check it out.
I hope you enjoy it!
If you like that one, you may like The Princess Diaries. It was written by Tate Taylor.
Do you like Anthony because Anthony was a celebrity friend to Tyson?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. He had the books as well.
Yes, it was adapted into a film and produced by Steven Spielberg. You should see it.
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and The Scarlett Johansson was in that movie.
You're welcome!
Sure. He starred in Zookeeper and Here Comes the Boom. Have you seen either of those?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but it also starred Kevin James and Patton Oswalt.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Walk Two Moons are similar. I would suggest those.
Nightcrawler stars Ty Burrell, Danny DeVito, and Bill Murray.
I hope you enjoy it.
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1993
Casper Van Dien, she starred in the order as well
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, The Blind Side is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. It was released in 1999.
I think you might like The Alamo, or The Manchurian Candidate, also written by Michael Lewis. The Blind Side has genre Drama.
Moneyball is produced by Steven Soderbergh. It's about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The book was also written by Cassandra Clare, who wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. This is also a novel.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex in the fantasy genre. It was released in 2013.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he directed Zootopia which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did direct that film and it was released in 1999.
Yes, it's considered to be very good as well as Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book by C.S.Lewis. Would you like me to recommend another book by the same author?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome!
He's a great artist, he wrote Yellow Submarine starring John Lennon.
Not really, I don't know that. I know that he is a Beatles fan. What about you?
I didn't know he was in Liverpool, right? I've never heard of him.
Oh yes, I love the songs in the playlist.
Great, Laurie Halse Anderson is a great Writer, Screenwriter, Film Producer, Comedian and an actor, and anything else I can help with?
Wintergirls is a Fiction novel released in 2011. It is the genre young-adult fiction.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do. There are a few songs from Rihanna. Which are your favorites?
Oh, cool. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those movies?
I sure can, he starred in The Social Network, The Good Girl, and The Jungle Book. What genre are you looking for?
The movie is a romance film and stars Nathan Lane. Do you like romance films?
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I have a couple good one by Collins called Gregor and the Marks of Secret. If you haven't read that one, you should check it out.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, he is a man of many things. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He also directed one of my favorite movies like Little Miss Sunshine.
You probably know that. He directed Little Miss Sunshine which is an animated film.
I am not familiar with her, but I know she produced Little Miss Sunshine which is a comedy.
No problem, let me know if I can help.
True Believer is a book by Nicholas Sparks. It's genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was adapted into a film and is a drama. Do you like that genre?
How about The Silence of the Lambs? It is a good one. I think you should give it a try.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by the great Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
Well, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River."
He has starred in The Hobbit series as well as The Man of Steel.
Tim Robbins directed it, and it's a Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Mechanic and Naked Gun. Have you seen them?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know William Hurt starred in it?
X-Men 2 is also in that genre. Have you seen that?
You are welcome
Awesome. Added to your watch list.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released in 2012?
Sure, he also directed and produced The Good Dinosaur which was released in 2012. You might like that one as well.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm not sure, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
It came out in 1938.
You're welcome.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
If you live in Pittsburgh, they are a great place to visit. Have you been there?
yea hes good. do you like any other sports?
I don't really follow him. I do know that he is a quarterback and is married to Gisele. Are you a fan of him?
Yea, I think they're actually one of the best in the NFL.
Yes, I am a fan! Did you see him in Friends with Benefits or The Social Network?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Me too! It also starred Matt Damon, Kate Beckinsale and Frank Grillo.
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
American Idol has genre Music and I love the music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't have that information right now. I do know Jerry Maguire starred in the movie. I love that guy.
Oh yes, I love that one. She is a great actress. I also like her song Hot n Cold.
I can recommend a sequel, Rudy, which is also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Watcher is a thriller by James Patterson, who also stars in the movie The Watcher.
Yes, he did. He was also in Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
Vanessa Redgrave, State of the Union are some of her poetry poems. Are you into poetry?
Can I help with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel. Are you a fan?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
Its a mystery
You might like Red River Bluest Eye if you like that genre
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Biehn, Peter Scolari and Nona Gaye starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior's Way, which is a Sci-Fi.
Tom Hanks wrote the original movie. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. I highly recommend it.
Yes. Are you interested in genre like the Jazz Age or The American Dream? Another book by author F. Scott Fitzgerald is Tender Is The Night.
Have you read The Crucible by J.D. Salinger? It's a young adult fiction.
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote "The Warrior's Way", which is a drama and was released in 2012. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a romantic comedy. Did you know it also starred J.K. Simmons?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2004.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure. He wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
He also directed the movie American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, the Lady in the Water is a good one! Chris Weitz also directed it. Are you familiar with him?
Yes, he's one of my favorites! He directed The Godfather. Are you familiar with that one?
Do you like this book because it is a speculative fiction or because it is a mystery?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale which is a Mystery/Science Fiction novel . Have you read that?
It is a fictional story and was released in 1982. It is the first of a series of three children's novels that combine young adult fiction and romance.
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you are a big fan of him in The Expendables 2. I don't know much about him as an actor, but do you like him?
You're welcome
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it's a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, I sure do. Did you know that he directed Hudson Hawk?
Of course, did you like it because it's a Family genre?
Yes, they were both released in 1957. Did you know that The Lorax has a genre Fiction?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and I believe it is also a children's literature.
Have a great day!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role. Have you seen it?
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
You should watch it. Tiago Riani is a horror film and she also starred in Alice in Wonderland.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well as Rhythm and Blues, you might like that one.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You are welcome enjoy the film.
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are coached by Doc Rivers, what is your favorite team?
Well, Laker used to be a favorite of mine. I heard he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
Oh wow, I didn't know that! They drafted Heath Ledger. She's a great player.
Larissa wrote арамаовести, рат арамаов, and ес.
I do not have that information but he wrote ес.
No problem, glad to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you might like Beautiful Creatures, Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures.
No, it also written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know too much about them. Who are the coaches?
I don't know much about him, but I'm a fan of the New England Patriots. Are you?
That's awesome! What is your favorite sport?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
How about Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar? It is a self help book.
Your welcome
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Are you a fan of these?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked him in The Pacifier. Did you see that movie?
Yes it is. You should check it out. It is a great comedy.
Oh. Do you like Crime Fiction? I know it was directed by Vincent Pastore. It also starred Eddie Marsan.
That was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie and Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, that is a good book. You may want to check out Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Yes, that recommendation is based on the book. You should give it a try.
Sure, She is a very good tennis player? She and her Sister, Serena live in Florida. How about you?
I didn't know that. I know that she also starred in a romantic comedy called Hair Show.
I didn't know that. I wonder if she lost to Maria Sharapova?
The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a good movie written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did write the Da Vinci Code and the Inferno too.
He wrote Inferno and The Da Vinci Code. Both are thrillers.
I haven't seen any of them but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Ghostbusters that is a thriller
Glad to be of help
Yes! X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
Sure, I'll add them to your watch list if you'd like?
Yes, I have seen it! Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men: First Class. I love that movie!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a historical period drama. It is also considered a great piece of literature.
He also wrote a pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey also wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.
He has written many books such as The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I know that he was in Paper Towns, Where'd You Go, Bernadette. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I will. Enjoy!
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
Okay, you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wild Hogs.
The New World is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie.
You're welcome.
Did you know that the Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Well, The Last Song is a Thriller and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is written by Cornelia Funke. She also wrote Goonies.
You're welcome.
Did you enjoy the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy or a crime fiction?
It was written by Steven Zaillian and David Koepp. Its a Thriller.
You are welcome!
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books? I can't find any information on that, but I do know that she wrote the book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
What sport do you like to watch?
I know he was in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in Hook Ya Crook and Slumdog Millionaire.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, The Last Runaway was published in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy Children's literature, you should try The Sparrow. It is also a children's book.
I don't know that information right now. However, I can find some by Quentin Blake's works.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Are you a fan of them?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type books.
It stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee, and Judy Greer. Do you like these actors?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote and starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, have you seen that one?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and also he starred in The Amazing Spider Man 3
Absolutely, have a great day!
I don't have any information on that, but Howls Moving Castle was directed by Diana Wynne Jones, who also directed Monsters vs. Aliens.
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? He wrote that.
Great! You might also like The Winder Soldier or Wolves. Those are two of my favorite action movies.
Yes he did. He starred in the Thriller Air Force One. Have you seen that one?
I hope you like it.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was made into a movie. The book was written and directed by Steven Spielberg.
It was released in 2015. If you like suspense, you might want to check it out.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama/Fiction novel. It is also a novel.
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It stars Spike Jonze and William Hurt, among others.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
Absolutely!
Sure, he wrote the classic Aladdin: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion. I would also recommend that one as well.
Yes, it's a vampire series. Have you read the books in the series?
You might be right. It's part of a series. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Sure, it is a psychological thriller released in 2014
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Its a drama that was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays Golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I didn't know that! I also like golf. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I love Julia Bowen! I liked her in a lot of movies. I think I saw her on Saturday Night Live, too.
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis also starred in the movie.
It is a fantasy, action and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
That was a young-adult fiction released in 2013 and written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his?
The Last Star was released in 2016 as well. It is considered science fiction.
I also like science fiction books.
Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
No problem, enjoy!
She's good, but I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
She was in Valentine's Day, which is a great movie. She also starred in The Giver, which is a classic!
I didn't know she was in that film, right?
Yes, I like him. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good one. I highly recommend it.
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like to hear about more of his movies?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, Me too! He's one of my favorites. I love his music. My favorite song of his is Never Let You Go.
I like the song Love Yourself, would you like to hear it?
If you like his music, you should check out Neverwhere.
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors in that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Yes, he was. He was a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: First Class
He appeared in X-Men 2 and the X-Men 2
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown up and it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did, would you like me to add the movie to your list?
You are welcome
Victor Hugo has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
It was released in 2000 and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is, similar to Zoe's Tale and X-Men 2. Have you read those?
Great. Another good Romance novel is Zoe's Tale. Have you read that one?
You are welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about her. But I know she composed You Lost Me.
Did you know he's from Nashville, that's where he was influenced by Taylor Swift?
Yea, he is a bit similar, but do you like Coldplay too?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a drama. It's also a comedy.
Sure. Peter and Paul also starred in Tropic Thunder, which is a drama film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I haven't been following them too much this year. Who is their coach now?
I actually do not know much about them, I'm more of a Bears fan myself.
I do. He was a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Oh, I didn't know that! Who is their coach?
It was a great one for sure. I liked it as well.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
I am not sure but its similar to The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark
Ok glad i could help.
Yes. She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I do not watch tennis at all but I think Serena Williams is very good and it doesn't look like it. I like Venus too.
Did she lose to Serena a lot? I think she lost to Venus too.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
He coached the Detroit Lions. Did you know he also coached the Denver Broncos?
It was Super Bowl XIX so it's been a pretty good game.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller.
You may like The Skeleton Key or The Last Airbender.
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in the movie.
I'll have to check out the order.
Yes there was a book based on a book. The Philosopher's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
He directed it, and also the movie The Golden Compass.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is a 1961 and was written by E.B. White.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
No problem.
Yes, it was written by Fountainhead.
She did write We the Living. Did you know that he also wrote We the Living?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Are you a fan of the author, David J. Skal?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Bram Stoker wrote Dracula, which is also a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Bram Stoker wrote that book.
He is a mystery writer from New York City, a children's book.
Frances Mayes wrote a book called Things Fall Apart.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you enjoy Romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
Another good fiction movie by Harper Lee is Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know that Al Pacino who starred in it?
If you like Al Pacino, I think you may also enjoy Apocalypse Now, which is another great movie.
I like that movie, it stars Al Pacino, did you know it also starred in it?
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he was also in The Godfather II, you might like that.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Tom Cruise and Angelina Jolie Pitt
No problem!
Sure, Seamus is a scientist and wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet and a Fantasy. Do you like either of those genres?
It is written in English and is also a play and a speculative fiction.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Do you prefer action films?
Sure, Lionheart is the second film in the series and also stars Thomas Lennon
It also starred James Cromwell and Colin Firth
Oliver Stone also starred in that movie. Do you like him?
You are welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter stars Jason Statham and Matt Dillon. I'm not sure who is in it, but it is a good film.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I agree. Did you know James Harden was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I watch a few games. I am not a big basketball fan but I do know that they play in the Toyota Center. Who is your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks. I can't wait to see a shot this season, but I love Willie Green too
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he is, he's also a director. He directed the film Titanic. Have you seen that one?
Not that I can find at this moment i can recommend, but I can give you more
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Effect. Are you a fan of The Rosie Project?
Yes, it is. Did you know that it is also written by Graeme Simsion?
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Robert De Niro and David Schwimmer also starred in Olympus. It is a great movie.
I don't know anything else he directed, but he did write the classics Cowboys & Aliens.
It was written by Steven Spielberg. He was a great writer.
Yes, I do. Did you know he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz?
That's a good one. He was also in Vanilla Sky. Have you seen that one?
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he was in that movie.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you are correct. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
It's a great baseball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
That's right, he loved him in the Yankees.
I can't recall them, they also have a chance to win a Heart attack.
Oh, ok you are correct. Glad to see it. I am going to add it to your list.
Yes, I know him. He is a great golfer from the United States.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of badminton? I only watch badminton when the 2012 summer olympics.
Wow, I didn't know that! Western Europe is a great movie with a great cast.
Yes, it is my favorite of mine. I think it was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like him?
I do know that The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction novel written by Stan Lee. Do you like science fiction?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by him.
Yes, that is correct. Do you like Maggie Smith? She wrote The Amazing Spider-Man, which is a fantasy
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction novel
Yes, if you like suspense  then you will definitely want to check out Sharp Objects.
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a famous novel.
Okay, if you are into Psychological Thrillers you should check out Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Happy to help!
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller or because it stars Jada Pinkett Smith?
Then you will like I am sending it to you. It is also a Disney movie.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's a great book written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a wonderful movie. I would recommend it if you haven't seen it already. It is a wonderful movie.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Do you like the romance aspect of Little Miss Sunshine?
It was released in 1999 and the genre is a romantic comedy. Would you like to see that if you enjoyed it?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, I haven't heard of it. I think it is a good book.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Have a good day
OK. Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know much about him as well, but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2014
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
She also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now
His most popular work is probably From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail. Have you read that?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I like the San Diego Chargers. What do you think of him?
Sure. He is most famous for writing Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. He also wrote The Good Girl.
It was released in 2002, the same year Total Control was released.
It also stared J.K. Simmons and Dustin Hoffman.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is one of his classics.
Well, If you like fantasy, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It is a fantasy novel, similar to The Mists of Avalon, which is part of a series of fantasy novels.
The Mists of Avalon is written by Philip Pullman. It is part of the series The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
I don't have that information, but I know it was produced by Bill Murray and is an animated film.
It is a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Inheritance Cycle. Are you familiar with that?
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama written by Stephanie Meyer.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but I love O Brother, Where Art Thou, it's written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information. However, it was released in 1985.
You are welcome!
He was also in Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Did you know that book was released in 2000?
Yes, that is correct. Do you enjoy Wicked Appetite?
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, he has written a lot of films. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen that one?
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Well he starred in the movie The Lost Boys, which was directed by Rob Reiner.
I liked him in The Dark Knight Rises, I liked that one too.
Transfer of Power is a popular movie that they starred in.
They both starred in the movie, Whalberg: An American Life, and The Importance of Being Earnest.
ok
Yes, it is written by Stephen King. It is a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Silver Chair, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you read any of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That's a great read!
Sure. He directed Elysium and District 9, both movies. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it is. Drama, Sci-Fi and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she stars in Shark Night. She was also in Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. She starred in Call Me Maybe and I Love You. Have you heard of those?
I have also heard Shake it off and She starred in the movie as well, I think it was a good song.
You're welcome!
I know he's a soccer player on the Mexico national football team, but I don't follow soccer. Do you like soccer?
I don't know that information, but I believe he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedies, you should check out Zoolander. That was a great movie.
Okay. I am not familiar with Jim Carrey. I know he produced The Wedding Singer.
Any time. Enjoy!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
How are they doing this year?
Of course! Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue and Anastasia Krupnik. Are you a fan of her writing?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Well if you like fantasty, I would also recommend The Twitts and The Witches.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the Fantasy genre?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film and John Grisham is actually a film.
You are welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, it was released in 1956 in the same year that The Last Battle was released.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Uplift War as well as Rules of Attraction.
You're very welcome!
OK, have a great day!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McDonnell. That's a great actress!
Yes, she was. That's a great movie. Do you like her? She was in We Bought a Zoo as well.
The Horse Whisperer is a Fantasy/Adventure movie.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. It was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008 as well, a great year for books.
You're welcome ,glad i could help.
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she was friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I don't know that, but I do know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, it is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, so I think it was on The Voice. Did you know that she starred in a movie?
Robin Williams starred in the movies such as Capote and BraveHeart. Have you seen either of those?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire is also considered a comedy as well as a comedy?
Yes, she was, did you know she was in The Wedding Date? She also starred in it.
Enjoy!
Sure, it is a great movie, it was written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes he did and it also starred Sean Penn and Sarah Polley.
If you like thrillers, you may enjoy Shark Night. It is also a thriller and stars Kyla Pratt.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure, The Crucible was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
Yes, I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Do any of these sound interesting?
Yes, that is correct. The Return of the Native was written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is an allstar basketball player, he is a point guard, a point guard.
The only thing I know about him is that he played Basketball
He plays point guard, right?
He's a point guard.
Sure. Mary Harron wrote American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2011
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
He wrote the movie V for Vendetta, which was a Thriller.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Tom stars in that movie. Do you like him?
The movie is a crime and drama. Do you enjoy that genre?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes, it starred Ralph Fiennes and Michael Angarano. It is a Romance film.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who won the world No. 1 in singles. He is one of the best in the world's singles rankings.
No, he only starred in the movie Andy Tennant. I heard he was also in the movie Fool's Gold starring Marc John Jefferies.
Fool's Gold is starring Katherine Heigl. It is a Romance film.
Yes he did, he was also in it, along with Adam McConaughey. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
The Apostle has genre Historical period drama, do you like reading these genres?
Glad i could help
Yes, that is a good movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, that's a great movie.
Enjoy!
I know that he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team, but that's it. What can you tell me about him?
Yes, Liverpool F.C is also a midfielder.
Yes I agree that he is good. Did you know they won the World Player of the Year?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. Their coach Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots.
Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know who wrote the other Harry Potter books?
Thank you. I hope you enjoy it.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was also released that year.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Danny McBride to name a few. Do you enjoy the Drama aspect of it?
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a wonderful book. If you are into Family genre, you should check it out.
It's a drama that is also a play written by Kylie Scott. It was released in 1945.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and Ponyo.
It stars Naomi Watts and Sarah Polley. Are you a fan of hers?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the Harry Potter films.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I have no idea at the moment. Do you know table tennis?
2004 was the year that the Olympics was released.
Me too, I can't wait to see their game against the New York Giants again. Did you see their game against the New York Giants last time?
I do like them, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
I do like the Rangers. I think they are a good team, but I am not a fan of the Giants.
Not really, I know they are a German football club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative Fiction genre, but it was written by John Green.
Yeah, it's okay. How are you doing this year?
You are welcome. Hope you like it.
Sure. She's wrote In Her Shoes, a drama. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, she also wrote the book. I highly recommend it.
Okay, I think you might enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. I really like that one.
Have a great day!
Great, have a great day!
Have a great day!
Yes, Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and is a thriller, do you like this genre?
If you like that genre, you'll enjoy The Good Doctor or The Bad Place also. Are you familiar with those movies?
Terry Pratchet wrote that one as well. It was released in 1981. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a novel.
Well he starred in Pride and Prejudice, a historical period drama, and Emma Thompson. The film is based on a true story.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like him, or some of the actors?
Then you might also like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Rules of Attraction if you like that genre.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a romantic comedy
The Proposal is a comedy!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction books?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
Yes, she also wrote Gossip Girl and Gossip Girl.
Yes, I love her. Have you seen her in The Special Relationship?
Yes, that's correct. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
I haven't seen them but I do know that Mirna Richardson starred in a lot of TV movies.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, do you like that genre?
You might like The Shining or The Beastmaster, which are both war films.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, that movie was produced by Jared Leto, who also wrote Olympus Has Fallen.
He's a little different from what you are looking for. He wrote, directed, and produced it?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
The Stand is a good one. It also starred Tom Hanks.
i think so, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film, and was directed by Edgar Wright. You might like that.
Yes! It also stars Michael Angarano who is a good actor.
Awesome!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
Yup he plays the point guard for the Oklahoma Thunder
Sure! A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
Well, London plays in the 2012 Olympics. I don't know much about tennis but I know he won the 2012 Olympics.
I didn't know that. I know William Hurt and William Hurt were in that movie, do you know?
I love that tennis players like Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka did you know that?
He is a writer and film producer. He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in McLibel.
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation and he wrote The Green Mile. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, it is considered a children's literature and a Historical period drama. Do you like childrens literature?
Glad to help. Enjoy the book!
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
The Fast and the Furious is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Fast and the Furious 2?
I don't have that information. However, he was in The Fast and the Furious which is a comedy.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like to know more?
It's a comedy. Peter Krause also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore too.
You're quite welcome. I hope you like it.
No I haven't. He's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is in the English language
I don't have any information on any psychological thrillers, but I can tell you other psychological thrillers are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Dustin Milligan.
You are welcome
That's a great film. It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
Well, it is a great historical period drama, written by E.B. White, you should check it out.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx. Do any of those sound good?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do know it was directed by Mark Camacho. It was released in 2001. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
Definitely! It's a great book. If you really like it, you should also try The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Yes, it was. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young adult fiction novel.
Sure! He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Neptune, and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with any of these?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more about that?
I don't follow soccer that much. I do know he is a German football player who plays for FC Bayern Munich and the German national team.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays midfielder though.
i love Alex. who is your fav player on the team?
what is your favorite soccer team?
I love that movie! Do you know who was in that movie?
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is renowned for writing comedy too.
Let me know if I can help!
Would you like others written by Oren Aviv?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
I liked Under the Tuscan Sun also. Have you seen this movie?
Sure. I will add it now.
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Children's Fiction/Fantasy book
The novel by Jerry Bruckheimer is a Children's literature that is about a cult temptation for you.
I know that Chelsea is an English football club who had a romantic relationship with Chelsea.
Right! I don't know much about the football team. I don't follow soccer closely, does that interest you?
I'm not sure. I know it's a similar team to the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not sure. I do know that they play in London.
I don't really follow them much but I know they are coached by Pete Carroll, owned by Paul Allen. Do you know a lot?
Michael Heimer wrote Amerika which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 2011 and is in the fantasy genre.
Yes they were, I believe so
Awesome, hope you enjoy.
It's a crime fiction movie with Robert Downey Jr Philip Baker Hall and Lee Norris.
If you like Robert Downy Jr., also starred in Zodiac, which is a crime Thriller film. Did you know he also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2?
If you like action films, you might also like Without a Trace. It is a crime Thriller and is worth a watch!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure, X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Zoey Deutch, and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, it is a Thriller / Sci-Fi Thriller.
I like super hero thrillers, did you know Daniel Cudmore produced the movie?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was a great movie. It was produced by C.S. Lewis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also produced The Happening if you are interested in another one of his movies.
Those are all great movies to watch. I hope you enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Adventure is an action film also starring Charlize Theron. It was released in 2002.
Don't mention it
You're welcome!
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
Have you read True Believer or The Wedding?
The Wedding was a romantic comedy film that was released in 2002.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel. I can recommend a similar romance novel if you like.
Do you need any other recommendations?
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 as a non-fiction. It's a novel by Charles Dickens. Are you familiar with his work?
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and he was in Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in a comedy also. It is a cute movie.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like another book by Robert Louis Stevenson?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know that it was released in 2000.
Here are some good ones: How to Win Friends and Influence People, and How to Stop Worrying.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's from the United States.
The Scar is a novel written by Elizabeth George Speare and was released in 1843.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer and stars Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know that he also wrote The Theory of Everything?
The King is a drama and comedy genre movie. Do you like that genre?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch that?
He was in Angels & Demons and The Vanilla Sky.
He was in The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I think it was released in 2016. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like the kids, you might also like Sausage Party. Have you seen that one?
Another production that is similar is The Rules of Attraction, along with Brave.
You're welcome.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
I don't know much about soccer, I guess he's from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes it does, and Luis Fabiano is also on it.
Yes I do, J. R. Ward also wrote The Shadows linger and The King's Speech.
Yes. Did you know J.R. Ward also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
It's a drama! Jeffrey DeMunn and Katherine Heigl are in it!
Certainly! Enjoy.
Is he an actor or an athelete
I don't know much about it, I'm not really a fan, what sport do you like?
It seems like they are playing well in the Indian Premier League. Now, as well.
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was actually released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it!
I don't know that information. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Cookie was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
1.  1 is written in English.
Great, I love Perfect Chemistry too! Would you like to read it?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, Don't you think?
Since you like comedies, you may want to try Wild Hogs. It is also a great movie.
Since you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander as well.
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson.
Wither is a sci-fi/fantasy book that was written by Michael Clayton. Are you interested in his works?
He's a great author! If you like Sever, you might like The Nightingale or The Magician's Land.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes, that was written by Nicholas Sparks who wrote The Last Song.
Yes, True Believer is a crime novel by Nicholas Sparks. Other books in this genre are Three Weeks with my Brother, The Notebook and The Wedding.
It is called True Believer and was released in 1998. Would you like to read it?
It is a crime fiction novel.
No problem!
Do you like the Dallas Cowboys? I know they are a team in the National Football League.
I don't know much about the Cowboys if they are in the NFC South.
Yeah, I'll have to check those out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire, an indie film.
I would recommend The Bourne Legacy, it is an excellent crime fiction.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Go Set a Watchman was written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he starred in The 2012 Olympics.
Yes, I know Serena Williams is a tennis player from the Manchester United F.C.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is. I know she wrote and starred in the movie This Love.
He has a few other famous songs like What Happens in Vegas and That Lullaby.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
He also starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous. Have you seen either of these?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy and Nicolas Cage is a comedy.
He is first and foremost and also starred in Lord of War.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, I like him. He is a great Hip Hop artist.
That's very cool. I haven't heard of him since he won that award, and he is a Shri Award.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a good one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is also a comedy, romance, sci-fi, thriller. It's a great movie!
Glad to help. Enjoy the movie!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, I can. If you like Liam Neeson, you might also check out The Big Lebowski. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
This movie is a drama. If you like Liam Neeson, you might also like The Missing. It's a historical drama.
You're welcome
I can recommend a book in the same language, it is by the same author, Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
Another book in the same genre is Zoe's Tale. I would recommend that if you are interested.
I highly recommend The Bonesetter's Daughter. It is a fiction novel.
If you like Fiction in general, you may want to try The Golem's Eye.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is a family film. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is also in the Family genre. Are you a fan of this genre?
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! He wrote La sombra del viento, La sombra del viento, El juego del angel. It was released in 1958. Does this sound interesting to you?
That's great, I hope you enjoy!
No problem!
Of course, she is an author, she's been around for a while. She was in the movie The Muppets which is about her life.
It was released April 26, 1986
The Muppets is a drama, comedy, and comedy genre movie.
The Muppets is a musical comedy, she also starred in the movie Star Trek which was filmed in Washington.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I like Lamar Jackson. He was a great qb. Did you know he was born in San Francisco?
Then I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other Young Adult Fiction books include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Absolutely! Other books in that genre include Windtalkers, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure, but I know she is also a film producer and a director.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It stars Roger Avary and is a drama, actually. It was released in 1996 and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
He is also on the Pet Sematary. It was released in 1994.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he wrote The Gambler which is a thriller that you might enjoy.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should try Girls in Love, then. She has a good voice.
I'll have to check it out, thank you!
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2009. Definitely a good read!
The House is a movie by Colleen McCullough, have you heard of it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by George Lucas, in the last Crusade was released in 1997
Sean Connery and River Phoenix starred in it also. Do you like any other adventure movies?
you are welcome
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets the next book in J.K. Rowling's series?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is in English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! If you haven't seen that, you should check out The Muse.
Not really! But I think you should check out The Muse. It is also a Comedy.
Enjoy!
That is a great movie, have you seen Despicable me 2?
Great. Do you like Steve Carell because he starred in adventure movies?
For sure. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote a few famous books. He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which are popular. Have you read those?
Susan Meissner wrote a book called Maleficent. It is a historical novel, do you like that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you interested in it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Yes, another one starred Matt Damon and was Jennifer Lawrence. You should check that one out!
You are welcome. Happy to help.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the AFL much. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the XXXVIII super bowl. Are you a Patriots fan?
He was a great player, but I don't think he's as good as Gisele.
He was such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He also wrote Star Trek which is my favorite. Do you like that one?
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an adventure movie.
I have The Hangover, X-Men or The Amazing Spider-Man. I haven't heard of those, but have you seen any of those?
The Postman has genre Fantasy, comedy, and adventure. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Enjoy your day.
Pearl Harbor was a member of many people. Would you like to know some of the actors?
I am not sure. There is another movie similar to Pearl Harbor which is starring Jennifer Garner
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Chris Columbus. Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. That's a good one.
Gremlins was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote the entire harry potter series.
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I know. I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
I'm not sure if he was in it either. I do like basketball. He's a good actor.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie like Space Jam?
She wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science, Science. Do you like reading these types of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the United States. Have you heard of them?
Yes Packer is a quarterback.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
The Apostle is a romantic comedy film and the genre is family film. Do you like that genre?
No problem, enjoy!
I know that he is married to Hailey Baldwin. Did you know that he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I think he did. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I wonder if he's been in skateboards as well. I didn't know that. Isn't he from San Diego?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The most popular sci-fi films that have received the most attention and was adapted into a film called Robots. Have you heard of it?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Tom Wilkinson and Dwayne Johnson. It is a great science fiction movie.
My pleasure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't follow football much, I know he is a midfielder from Dallas. Do you follow football?
Didn't wesley Snipes also star in Wildcats 2?
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, it is. What's your favorite vampire book?
Yes, another example of that series is Vampire Academy
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is Young-adult fiction.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is similar to the very good movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
He also wrote a Toy Story. Are you familiar with that one?
Yes, White Fang is also in the genre of Children's Literature.
Yes. He also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar and The Curtain.
No problem.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but Jackie Burroughs was in The Republic of Love. Would you like to know who else starred in it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either. I do know that Aaron Rodgers won the National Football League as a quarterback.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a point guard for the Packers.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I have The Historian is also a great suspense book. It was written by Elizabeth Kostova and is a great suspense book.
I don't have any facts about her but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote and Vladimir Nabokov.
You are welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a fantasy. Are you interested in fantasy?
Yes, the book is in the children's literature genre and is similar to Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes and it is. It is in the Speculative Fiction genre as well as Fantasy and Children's Literature. Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem, enjoy.
I don't really follow sports much but I do know Jay-Z is owned by Jay-Z.
I don't know much about him. I'm more of a fan of the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Greek Freak. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Wonder Boys was released in 2013 and is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, Linkin Park is a great book together. Did you know that they both starred in the film Elysium?
The Road is a part of a series. The next in the series is called The Crossing. Have you read that?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both Science fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He normally writes fiction as well, but is also a science fiction.
I don't think so, but he did write science fiction as well.
You are welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! He also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen that one?
You are absolutely correct! It is a historical period drama, but if you haven't seen that one.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a writer, she wrote The Secret Life of Violets. Have you read that book?
Yes, she also created her on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I do like the show! Did you know Parks and Recreation also stars Tom Hanks?
I'm not sure, but it also starred Tom Everett and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes, 30 Rock was released in 1995. He also starred in Wag the Dog. Have you seen that?
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I know he's a famous athlete from England. I don't really follow sports. But, I know he has a lot of awards.
Yeah. She was born in Los Angeles, California. You like her?
I love her music. Have you heard of her song, Your Love is My Drug?
Yeah, me too. I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a friend with Dr. Dre?
That's interesting. I know that John Lennon is a musician, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, you are right. It was released in 2009 and written by Beatrice Sparks.
It was! The same year that A Walk to Remember was released. I didn't know it was a drama.
No problem, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury is actually an American illustrator and writer. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with this genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury.
Of course! Anything else?
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really, I don't know much about soccer but I know a little bit about it. Did you know David Beckham was from Barcelona?
Yes, she is. I didn't know that she was an actress too.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator, Predator, and Tracker. Have you seen any of those?
Great question! Gary Sinese and Peter Cox are playing the main characters in the movie.
The genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you interested in that genre?
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book and stars Zoey Deutch
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Fantasy and Thriller
You are welcome
Yes, Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
It also starred George Clooney. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse along with Irwin Jacques.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That book was released in 1856, do you like that author?
I am not too sure when it was published but it's a sci-fi novel.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that it is a science fiction book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a Thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
I haven't read them, but The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was written by him.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote Tilda Swinton.
It was written in English and was released in 1904.
Enjoy!
Emily Bronte wrote The Hotel New Hampshire and The Anne Frank Story. Have you read either of these?
It's considered a Gothic Fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
Done! Enjoy!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He also wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you read those?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a young adult fiction.
You'll like Wicked Lovely it is also a young-adult fiction.
Sure. He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sounds like a great plan. Do you have a favorite team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Wow, I see. I am more of a basketball fan. What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Certainly! Other movies in the Fantasy genre include The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, The Witch
You are welcome. What else can i do for you today?
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Tate Donovan. Are you a fan of that movie?
Yes, she was. She also starred in The Help, which is a Psychological thriller.
He was also in The Help, which is a very popular film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ghostbusters which is similar. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did direct a lot of musicals. Would you like to hear about Joseph Kosinski?
Definitely! He used to play a lot of instruments like the Seattle Seahawks.
You are welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
Yes. Did you know she was influenced by William Shakespeare and William Wordsworth?
Flannery O'Conner wrote Anna Kendrick. It is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Wise Blood is a science fiction novel.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a action/drama. Do you like that genre?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It is a good one.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Anything else i can answer for you?
You're welcome
Of course, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
Some of her other novels include Velveteen Moons and Velveteen Ghosts. Do either of those interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in the movie The Last Castle. It was released in 2006.
He also directed RoboCop starring Gary Oldman.
Total Recall is a science fiction movie released in 1979.
You are welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Thomas Lennon.
You are probably right. Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was produced by Ray Winstone?
oh that is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Zack Ward also starred in the movie.
I am not sure, but I do know that she also starred in The Thin Red Line.
Yes, would you like to know other movies in the Hobbit genre?
You might also like the Harry Potter movies. Have you seen any of these?
It was written by Simon McBurney.
Happy to help.
Glad to help.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Johnny Depp and Michael Mann. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes, that is a great recommendation. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Isn't he that you would like to hear more about?
Rob Riggle, Rita Wilson, and Randall Park also starred in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
Oh. Didn't they win the World Series?
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Red Sox.
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she played in The Equalizer and The Book Thief, have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know that it is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot else about him. Do you watch any table tennis tournaments ?
Yep, he's from China. I'm not sure if he was from China.
Yes, and he also starred in The Iron Giant. Have you seen that one?
He wrote the Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book. It is also a fantasy novel.
Yes, you'll like The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He's also written The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are some of his most popular novels. Have you read any of those?
It's a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this book?
The genre is Patriot Games, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
He starred in Zookeeper and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, and he also starred in the film. If you like Owen Wilson, I recommend Tropic Thunder.
Yes, he did. If you like Luke Wilson, you might try The Royal Tenenbaums.
Very glad I could help. Enjoy!
I like the song Crossroads. Did you know she was in a relationship with Justin Timberlake?
I didn't know that. I think I remember when that movie came out, right?
That is true. I haven't seen him in a movies that I know of, like Kiss of the Dragon, which is a classic!
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that are similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a romance novel by Liisa Garner, released in 2012 and is in the English language.
Yes, The Terminal was a great movie. You should check it out! It stars Tom Hanks and Robert Davi.
You are welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
Great Escape came out in 1999. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great I do not have that information at this time. However, I can tell you that Ernest Hemingway was also in The Sand Pebbles.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad. Do you like the author or genre?
Diane Keaton wrote it.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Way of Zen are picture books.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
The Writers of Oz is written by Judy Garland
Yes, it is a Tale of Two Cities. Have you heard of this one?
Ok, enjoy!
Wasn't he the one who plays for the Argentina national football team?
Oh, it's funny. I had no idea he was in a movie called Horton Hears a Who! That's a funny movie.
That's amazing. Isn't Louis van Gaal a writer as well?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also wrote and starred in The Fugitive.
Sure. Check out him in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Fugitive.
Yes, Added.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky and Jess Harnell is the star.
Yes, she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I don't know any other movies he directed, but I do know that Emma Watson starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, it stars Brad Pitt and it's a crime fiction film.
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and another one called The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a goof team owned by Bill Bidwill.
That is true. The team is played in the 2010 World Series. The last time they played it was that year.
Yes it does. The world series is a great game and it has a lot of fun to watch.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in an Action/Adventure movie called The Phantom. He also starred in Scanners, which is a Sci-Fi.
Yes, that is correct. Robert De Niro was also in Treasure Planet.
The Legend of Zorro stars Hugh Jackman, Margaret Atwood, and Hugh Jackman to name a few. You should check it out!
William Friedkin directed the Hunted, and The Exorcist. Do either of those interest you?
It is a biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
Oh yeah! You'll like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
No problem, enjoy!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is based on the book.
No problem, enjoy!
I know that they play in the Toyota Center, as well as Leslie Alexander is the owner.
I like football. I also like the Denver Broncos.
I love both football and basketball
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Liam Neeson starred in that movie. He is a very good director.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Robots of Dawn and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
She is a tennis player right? Is she any good?
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, have a great day.
I think you meant Michael Biehn right?
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote the Pallbearer, which is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy?
If you enjoyed reading The Two Princesses of Bamarre, I think you will enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I do not know that they are in the NFC South division. Is he a good coach?
I think he will be a free agent.
He is a soccer player, his position is forward
He plays for the Argentina national football team, the United States of America.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you enjoy that genre, you should try Waiting to Exhale or Everything is Illuminated.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by James Dashner. What genre are you looking for?
I don't have any information on other films he directed, but he wrote The Passion of the Christ which is a Fantasy movie.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
I would recommend The Giver, It's a Young-adult fiction
You're Welcome!
Yes, that's correct.
Yes I do. It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It become a movie too.
Yea, I don't know any other books she wrote. But I am sure  she was influenced by Lynda Obst
It is a fiction novel.
Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Cool. The Golden Compass is written by Chris Columbus who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Are you familiar with these movies?
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It also starred Tom Amandes and Zima Hayek. Do you like them?
Enjoy!
Yes she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
I don't have any favorite singer, but I hear she's very talented. Aside from being a good singer, she's also a model and a singer, too.
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano and the guitar?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Iron Giant.
I do not know who was in that movie, but I do know it was adapted into a film of the same name.
Are you referring to Caroline Wozniacki who is a Danish tennis player?
I certainly agree. Did you know that Venus Williams starred in the movie Hair Show with her sister Serena?
What is your favorite sport to follow?
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach, so I'm not sure. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good player. he plays for the New York Knicks.
I haven't seen that one. Who is in that movie?
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it from time to time. I like the Washington Redskins. How about you?
It is a great movie. Hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Not a problem
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Danny DeVito wrote Fear Nothing. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Absolutely, Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Mickey Knox. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, it was produced by Mickey Knox and released in 1997. The genre is considered a sci-fi, adventure, and action.
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that but I would say it is directed by Stuart M. Kaminsky.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. It is a crime thriller, do you enjoy that genre?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some good Drama movies. Have you seen any of these?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, it is fiction and was released in 1960.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It was released in 2002.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Yes, he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray is a pretty good player, but I think they have been making a lot of appearances in the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan?
I like tennis. I also like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you know them?
I think the Belarusian tennis player was very good at the moment.
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
The genre is Non-fiction
You are welcome
You seem to like Rob Riggle, he starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. Do you like Paul McCartney?
Yes, I think you're a big fan of his. Isn't that a genre you like? I guess you should check out Beautiful Creatures.
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I've heard she's a lot of good singers. I like Sia Furler, too. I think she's from Nashville, too.
I haven't heard of Lyrist , but I've heard good songs. I will check it out!
All I know is he was born in Dehli. Are you a fan of cricket?
What sport do you follow?
Yes, I know she also starred in Friends with Benefits.
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist.
Yes, that is a great movie! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. I think it is a comedy.
1989 was the same year Zoolander was released.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. It's a fantasy movie with Aidan Turner and Adam Brown.
Sure! The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones stars Ricky Gervais. It's a fantasy adventure film that was released in 2004.
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom. It's a science fiction film.
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret? was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Heard of either of these?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
I do like dramas. I think you should check it out. It is hilarious.
Would you like to know more about it?
Glad to help!
I don't know a whole lot, I know he plays cricket. But that's about it, I don't watch much myself.
I don't know a whole lot, I prefer baseball. But I do know he plays the India national cricket team.
Well, I'm not a big football fan but I've heard they're a very good team. What sport do you follow?
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know any other titles by her but I do know Gone Girl is also a Mystery/Suspense book. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2014, so it is not too old.
Yes. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical comedy.
Kevin Corrigan and Michael Morpurgo also starred in Warcraft. Anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Wow, I had no idea. Who is their quarterback again? I love the San Francisco Giants!
I haven't seen it but I heard it's great. Then the San Francisco Giants are a great team. It seems like a great team.
That's a good one as well!
It came out in 2013, but I didn't know that!
Yes, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year Wayside School was released. I haven't read it though, have you?
I believe it is a children's literature, but I don't know much about the genre.
Yes, I am a Tiger Woods fan. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Ah I see. I am not a big golf fan though. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well?
Oh yeah! I loved that drama! She is a great actor. I think he is also a writer.
Great! I think you'll enjoy them!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
It came out in 2000, and the same year The War of the Worlds was released.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it also starred Tom Hanks?
You are welcome enjoy
The movie A Space Odyssey stars Robert Downey Jr, and Jake Gyllenhaal
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, Willie Green is also a great shooting guard
Thanks, I hope you enjoy them!
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League East and haven't won the World Series since 2003.
The book was written by James Patterson, it is a crime fiction novel.
i know that Kevin Spacey starred in both and Robert Bloch was a fantastic writer.
I believe he did. There is a film version of it as well called Blow out. Leigh starred in it and its really good.
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, you're right. Do you know who is your favorite businessperson?
Yes they both are. Did you know Gary Schiano also owns the San Diego Chargers?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it was a thriller?
He also starred in The House of Mirth, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen this one?
Creed is a comedy crime movie, directed by Joel Coen, starring Matt Damon.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy book and It's part of a series. It's the first book in a series.
You're welcome!
I don't have that information, but it seems like he is a pretty good actor. Who is in it?
It also stars Stephen Fry
He was also in the Thriller There's Something About Mary
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
By the same author, Jane Austen, you might like Pride and Prejudice, or Zombies.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
He directed Jurassic World and Me too. Have you seen either of those?
It is an adventure film, do you like that genre?
Cloverfield is actually a thriller, so you might like Shark Night.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me too, he's a great actor. He starred in The Rules of Attraction and The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen either of those?
I haven't seen that one, but I heard it was good. She also starred in Rear Window which is a comedy.
Yes, it is. It's also a drama, but I think you might like it.
That is definitely a good one. I think you should give The Curious Case of Benjamin Button a try.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
mascot is the Staples Center and he was a QB. Do you like any other teams?
He played at AT&T Stadium in Dallas. Did you see that?
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is starring Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels.
I don't have any information on that. Are you interested in any other movies he was in?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places and Dark Places. I don't have any information on his books, but I do know that he wrote Psychological thrillers.
I don't know any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but I do know he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
I like science fiction like Cloverfield. Have you heard of that one?
Great. Have a good day!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete, he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you follow cricket?
I haven't heard that one, but he plays for the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League so he must be pretty good.
I have not, but I would love to! I like to go to Delhi. Have you been to any of his games?
I like football and baseball. Do you know anything about it?
You as well!
I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander and are part of National Basketball Association
It is a drama. Looper stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. If you like Warlock you might also like The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. Have you seen it? It has a bit of a bit of a sci-fi flick.
Great. Anything else I can help you with today?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He has written many great thrillers. You might enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure of when they came out, but yes, Drei Kameraden was released in 1929.
Yes, it does have a English version.
My pleasure. Hope you like it.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
She plays soccer and has a brother named Rory McIlroy.
Yes, Williams is a great tennis player. I think Michelle Pfeiffer is also a great player.
Yes I did love it. I like tennis as well.
I agree. I love the fashion.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Have you heard of it?
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre. Do you like these types of books?
No problem enjoy.
Yes, he has written a few books like Thirteen Moons and Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you heard of those?
He has been in a lot of good movies such as The Bourne Legacy, Welcome to Temptation, Water for Elephants and many more. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, David Ayer starred in Harsh Times and also in The Prestige.
Sure, you might like The Prestige and The Dark Knight
No problem!
I do know they are part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New England Patriots.
The New England Patriots are second in the NFC North along with the Patriots.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen either of those?
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
The Social Network is a biographical film, based on the genre of The Social Network.
It was released in 2010 and starred Drew Barrymore and Selena Gomez.
It's a biographical film, but I don't have the genre information for the film.
Steve Buscemi also starred in the movie 2010.
You're welcome!
Of course! Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that. She also starred in The Ice Storm and The Crazies.
I don't have anything else she wrote, but Tobey Maguire did star in the movie, Seabiscuit. It also starred Tom Hanks.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini. It was released in 2014.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel. If you enjoy Inheritance Cycle is a speculative fiction novel.
You are very welcome, let me know if you need anything else!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2013. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, it's also been made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to see any of her books?
Yes, I have. Would you like to read that one?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she was born in Honolulu.
The Commonwealth Games is played in the Indian national team.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Yes, he is a scientist and also a scientist. Are you a fan?
Sorry, I do not have that information. Did you know he was a scientist as well?
He is! Have you seen him in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen that movie?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's such a good family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Cameron Crowe.
You bet!
Not the Simpsons actually. Have you read it?
Sure. Another example of that might be Romeo and Juliet and if you're into Romance genre, you might enjoy The Iliad.
Yes, it has a lot of great works. Is there anything else I can help with?
I like the Bears but I haven't been to a long time. Are they your favorite team?
That's true, it was a great Super Bowl XXVIII was a great game.
I believe they have played the 49ers. That's a tough division, but I haven't been following them much again.
Proposal is a Thriller starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in the movies like Miss Congeniality and Two Weeks Notice. Do you like her acting?
Sure, that was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is actually the first book of a series of books that have been made into a film.
Yes it is! Did you know that he also wrote The Sum of All Fears?
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The owner is Mike Woodson
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're Welcome
Sure, It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I couldn't find any information on Colin Farrell as his movies, but I do know that he starred in Minority Report and The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I do not have any others that I've seen. I do know Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller, while Colin Farrell was in.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, and he starred in the New England Patriots. Are you a fan of the New Orleans Saints?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do like that one. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in The Crucible and Hemingway. Have you seen either of those?
No problem!
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I haven't seen it, but I know it's a great book.
Ok, if you like that then you'll like The Giver or The Giver.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know that. Is he a team owner?
Yes, it is! I actually don't know much about it.
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a book about Maya Angelou. Have you read it?
Yeah, I think you would like it, then. She also wrote several poems called I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that one?
Of course, it was first published in 1851. It also has a movie adaptation, if you like that one.
Sure, I'll add them now.
He wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Did you see it?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder position. Do you follow football?
Yeah that was a great movie, I enjoyed it
Did you see that one? I'm really not a fan of her though.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a great speculative fiction book
It is a great book, if you like young adult novels, I highly recommend the book!
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Historical fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It was released in 2008.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I think you may like The Martian Chronicles or The Man in the High Castle
I know that it was released in the year 1851
Sure, hope you enjoy the book
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Haha. I like that movie, too. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
Definitely. Grown Ups is a great movie. It's a comedy too. Do you like Rob Schneider?
Yes, she was in Frida. She is actually a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Shark Night is a thriller. Also starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Great. Total Recall is also a science fiction movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Any time. Enjoy!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is, he is from the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Thor was written by Natalie Portman, and stars Brad Pitt. Would you like to know more about this film?
Yes it is a film starring Robert Downey Jr, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson. Do you like any of these actors?
Great. He starred in some great films, such as The Incredible Hulk, Thor, and Guardians of the Galaxy. Would you like to watch any of those?
I would recommend The X-Men series if you haven't seen it already.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like .
I don't have that information right now. I can tell you that The Butterfly Effect is starring Cinderella Man, The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination 3. It is a psychological thriller that was released in 1996. It stars Brad Pitt and Dwayne Johnson.
Yes, he also wrote and produced The Final Destination. I recommend that you check it out.
Sure, October Sky is a 2018 thriller film directed by Eric Brees. It is about a father and son of a baby, a sly reckoning with his father and son of a Witches. It is about a father and son of a Witches.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
She's great. I haven't seen her in a movie, unless I've seen she was in a movie called Crossroads.
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a great movie.
It was a comedy/drama that also stars Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
It is a War film and Children's Literature.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
300 stars Xander Berkeley, Mark Wahlberg and Jodi Foster.
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Chlo Grace Moretz starred in it. Do you like him?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes! If you like Jane Austen, you should check out her works. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes he also wrote Sense and Sensibility, you might enjoy that one.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great series!
I'm not sure but it was written by Stephen King
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes, he was Days of Thunder also starred Tom Cruise.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome
I think they have fired today after the game, did you see that game before?
I like the Washington Redskins, that's about it. What do you think of Brett Favre?
Yeah, I like the Bears, but I don't even know a bit about them. What do you think?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, Where There's Smoke is also written by Jodi Picoult. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I watch from time to time but I don't even know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I heard Thomas Müller is also a good player for the team. I don't have a preference on sports but I do know that they play in Germany.
I agree that it is a good game as well.
Yes, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners, and Rebel Angels, are you a fan?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do know that they are both part of the Golden Compass and the Harry Potter series. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, it does. He is also a writer and playwright. He is also a teacher.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that they are a part of the NFC South.
No problem
Yes, Michelle Wie is an athlete.
Yes, Michael Jordan is a good young golfer. Do you like golf?
Wow, I did know that. Thanks for that info. I will look into that.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but Mike Starr was in it. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1999. It also starred Mike Starr and Ann Miller.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Wow, I didn't know that. I think he did a bit more music than he did. What do you think?
I think I'm not sure, but I know he is married to Kelly Preston.
Do you enjoy this movie because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it is starring Sam Worthington?
You might enjoy The Princess and the Frog or The Lion King, starring Nathan Lane.
The Running Man is also a Fantasy Sci-Fi movie. It's also a Fantasy.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Yes, that's a great book. There's also The Royal Tenenbaums if you haven't already.
I have read that one. It is a great one.
I like Rafael Nadal a lot. He's a great tennis player, right?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a classic!
Yellow Wallpaper was also released in 1914. Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read Into the Wild by Philip Pullman? It's a mystery.
That's great!
I haven't. Who is in that book?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. It was released in 2012.
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story was released in 2012. It's a dystopian novel.
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years.
sings, sings, sings and sing. I like the song Life of Pi. What is your favorite song?
I dont think she did or play in movies. Do you know if she does have a band?
I can, actually! I know that Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was directed by Chris Sanders. Do you like Thor the movie?
Sure. The Last Samurai and The Green Mile are two of his popular movies.
You're welcome!
Yes. Have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend you checking it out.
The book was released in 2014, have you read that book?
Where There's Smoke is a Young Adult Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes I do like American Football. What about you?
The Patriots are my favorite team! What is yours?
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. Do you like them?
I love the Buffalo Bills. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
I don't know too much about the Browns. I know he won the NFL championship twice in 2001 and 2013.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show, which are popular. Have you seen these?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she's a good actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers. Have you seen either of those?
I like the song Love Song. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a similar book.
Yes, other books by Lois Lowry include; Anastasia Krupnik, The Giver, and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, it is a great book. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome.
You're Welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote a book called Charlotte's Web which is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, which is a thriller. Have you seen that movie?
Some other great comedy films are Zoolander, Young Frankenstein, and Yes Man. Have you seen any of those?
Sure. Submarine is starring Michael Fassbender. Do you like him?
He is a great actor. One of my favorite movies is American Football.
Anytime!
Do you like story's written by Douglas Adams?
I recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! It was released in 1996 and was the first book of a series. The next book in the series is A Game of Thrones. Would you like to hear more?
That book was written by Adams as well as a comedy. It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Absolutely! I am glad to have helped!
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I like Nsync and Backstreet Boys too. Are you a fan of theirs?
I do. I like them too. Did you know they are a member of the National Football League?
The Baltimore Ravens are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you are right and he was a linebacker.
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Bears. How about you?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Other science fiction action films I can recommend are; Cloverfield, War of the Worlds, and End of Watch.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The genre is Suspense if you like L.A. Confidential is a thriller.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, that is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, Wag the Dog is a comedy and a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is a comedy. Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? It is a great movie.
I'm always happy to help!
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, he does star in that film. He also starred in the Harry Potter films. Are you familiar with those?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
Tell me a little about The Pianist. Would you like for me to send this to you?
You are welcome!
I haven't really followed her but I do know she starred in a movie called Bloody Sunday. Do you like that movie?
No, I did not. What genre is that? A comedy?
Oh yes. That's a great film. Johnny Depp stars in it, too.
I am not sure where Serena is residing. What is her husband name again? I know they both starred in Palm Beach.
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a crime fiction.
You might like The Killing Room, or The Eyes Wide Shut.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It was a good read. I think you'd enjoy it.
Certainly!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004. It also is a film adaptation of the Broken Silence.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Some other speculative fiction titles include Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away?
Yeah, it was good. It's coming out next year. You should check it out. Thanks for the info!
That is a good one, you should check it out. Thanks for your information!
Yeah, you should watch that one. Thanks for your information!
That's a good one. Is it your favorite genre?
Burn After Reading stars Matt Damon and was written by Joel Coen. Do you like these actors?
I don't know that, but I do know that it was produced by Bruce Joel Rubin.
Of course, do you need any other assistance?
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Of course! Henning Koch wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo, You've Been Warned, and many others. Is there a specific genre you like?
Have you read Zodiac? It is a crime fiction.
It was written by Agatha Christie and released in 1982.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of great movies. One of my favorites is Larry Crowne. Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in it?
I don't have any more suggestions about Cast Away. But I do know that Tom Hanks directed The Polar Express. It's a classic!
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen this movie yet?
It is a drama, with Channing Tatum and Evan Rachel Wood was also in The Wrestler.
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and the Wrestler. He also produced the movie The Fountain which is a drama.
Yes, Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you know that Nicolas Cage is his nephew?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Titatanic, The Godfather, and The Godfather Part II.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But Apocalypse Now is a romantic comedy.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like that genre?
It is a horror movie starring Matt Damon.
Of course! Other thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx." Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome!
Yes, she's wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Emile Zola. He also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It is a fantasy comedy. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Who is your favorite team? Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Beatty is a good coach. Did you know that he used to be a linebacker?
Yes, Charlize Theron and Bill Murray starred in it. It's a great sci-fi thriller, do you like those genres?
That is correct a great movie! It also stars Ben Stiller and Kelly Preston
Yes, I believe so.
I don't know that information, but Nicky Katt also starred in The Brave One and she's a good actress.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2014
Other books by E.L. James you might enjoy are Silent in the Grave, or the Mist.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Sure. The book was written by Sarah Dessen and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it does have a film adaptation.
It was definitely a German language movie. It was also a Thriller and was directed by Leonard Goldberg.
Got it. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
He is a midfielder, actually.
No, I did not. I know Waterford is from Wales.
Sure, she is a singer-songwriter, record producer, singer, and songwriter.
I haven't heard of her music but I've heard she's done alot of music for the commercials.
I like her music but I don't know much about her. I'm sorry.
I have not, but it is written by Anne Frank. Do you like her work?
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs you should check it out. It's starring Anthony Heald.
Yes, I like him in that one. Do you know he also starred in The Silence of the Lambs?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 in English.
Yes, it's a movie. Nick Cassavetes and Jada Pinkett Smith also played in it.
You are welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
I think so. If you like Zoe's Tale, you might also enjoy The Last Colony.
Your welcome
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
It is a fantasy novel and was released in 2011. Do you like Kiera Cass' writting?
Ok, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
X-men is an action film. Similar movies would be Terminator Salvation and Resident Evil. Do either of those interest you?
I also like Action films, like The X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to hear more about the X-Men movies?
I did like that show. Isn't that a comedy?
Yes, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Good choice, Gillian Flynn wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
You're welcome!
Yes, that movie was written by Yann Martel and stars Suraj Sharma and Nathan Lane. Are you familiar with these actors or writer ?
Sure, Woody Harrelson starred in it. It was also written by Quentin Tarantino.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It's a historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
The author, Gladwell, also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I am not sure. I do know that Malcolm Gladwell also wrote David and Goliath too.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
White House Down is a great one starring Valerie Plame. Another great action film is White House Down
Fair Game starred Valerie Plame and Jada Pinkett Smith
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, Added to the movie.
Sure! The Chronicles of Narnia is a similar book, written by C. S. Lewis. You might also like The Lion, the Witch, or The Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951, the same year The Chronicles of Narnia was released. It's a fantasy, speculative fiction novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a part of the series The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
The athlete Gautam Gambhir is okay in Cricket
I am not a big fan of cricket. I only know that he played with the Mumbai Indians. I like tennis.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, he starred in The White Album and the song This Love. Do you like his music?
He has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, Holidays on Ice, Tough Mockingbird
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written One More Light and The Giver. Are you familiar with either?
You are welcome. Happy to help.
You are welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
hes written alot of science fiction
this book is a drama
you're welcome!
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I like American Football, but I'm more into American Football. What about you?
Then I also like basketball. Then I've heard good things about it.
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes, he is both a writer and a writer.
Sometimes a Great Notion is a comedy film released in 1995. It is also a film adaptation, do you like that genre?
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist which is similar. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you like it!
Sure, G.O. Tom Brady is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook also starred in it. It's a comedy.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery thriller. He was also in American Sniper. What genre are you looking for?
It is a drama. It's worth a watch!
Any time! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. What genre are you looking for?
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is a good one for you.
You might also like the movies The Handmaid's Tale and The Campaign. Have you seen either of those?
You might enjoy The Twilight Series by Robert De Niro or The Last Stand.
Sure. Wreck he also starred in You've Got Mail, which is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
It's a good one, it also stars Katie Lowes, and Adam Carolla.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, he starred in the movie. It's a Romance.
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne, and it's a romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and it's a Drama.
I would have to say that you are looking for a good comedy.
You too!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes, I can recommend Wreck-It Ralph starring Liam Neeson. It is a fantasy.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year they won the NFL championship! My favorite team is The Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They have gone to the Superbowl for a while. They have gone to the Superbowl for a while.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know that John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
Me either but I love New Jerseys, do you like any other teams in the afc south?
I did not see that one, I will have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Alright, if you like Divergent you may like The Hunger Games.
anything else i can help with?
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
There were no other actors in Goonies, including Robert Davi and Robert Davi.
Yes, she is! I love her music. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Okay, I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the info.
I don't know if she recorded Woohoo, maybe she's a pop artist?
Yes, I am a fan, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I do like fiction. It is a great book. There is also a film of that name.
I do like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Dr. Seuss wrote a book called The Lorax. Did you know he is also a scientist?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Next Day Air and Shrek the Third
Yes, The Lorax was released in 1999
You should check out Nine Stories if you liked The Lorax.
No problem
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
My favorite team is the New England Patriots. What is yours?
It was written by the same author Alex Garland, who also wrote the book Night Fall. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Never let me go which is another science-fiction as well.
Yes he did. It's a movie starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is a crime fiction
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, who also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
You might enjoy Män som hatar kvinnor. I can add it to your list if you like?
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo. Have you heard of those?
From what I can tell, he directed the Japanese film Yojimbo. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two excellent movies that I would recommend are: Akira Tsuji, Akira Kurosawa, and Daisuke Kato. Is there a specific genre you prefer?
Any time, enjoy!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. what else can i do for you?
Peter Mensah is a good one. Anything else I can help you with today?
you are welcome
I'm not really a football fan, But I like Hockey! The Golden Knights is my favorite team. How about you?
I also like the Washington Redskins, how about you?
I didn't know that. I hope the Cowboys will make it to the NFL.
Yes, he sings a very good song. He wrote Dancing on the Dream which is one of my favorites.
Yes, If you like Men in Black II, you should check out Blade Runner. It is such a cute movie.
Yes, I think he also starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You might enjoy World War Z if you like that one. Have you seen that one?
Brad Pitt was great in that film, I think you would like it too.
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
It's a good team. If you like Orioles, you might also enjoy the Orioles game.
Oh. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a fan of either team?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is a science fiction film directed by Brian Jacques, who also directed V for Vendetta.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes! Hugh Jackman is also in The Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
That's right! He also wrote the X-Men series. Have you seen that?
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
It was released in 1986, the same year as The Green Mile
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was also released that year, if you are interested in that one.
ok great enjoy!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you know that Nicolas Cage is his nephew?
Marlon Brando starred in a lot of action movies. Are you interested in that one?
Great! Marlon Brando starred in a lot of Marlon Brando's movies, including The Godfather II, and Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Ok, i didn't know that! That starred Marlon Brando as well, but that is a classic.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
Oh wow, I know that. What sport do you follow?
Who is your favorite business person? I am a huge fan of Pittsburgh.
I haven't been following them too much this year. They are in the AFC North which is a tough division. Are the Patriots your favorite team?
Yea, I'm a Bears fan myself! Did you know they are having a good season this year?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
If you like Beautiful Creatures, you may also like X-Men: First Class and Annie Hall. Have you seen either of those?
You Again is a horror movie. It was directed by David Ayer. Does that interest you?
Yes, The Namesake is a young adult fiction book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I heard that it's a fine book. If you haven't read it, you should check out The Rum Diary. It was written by Mary Higgins.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
He is a country singer, do you like him?
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like that genre?
I don't know where he played. However, I do know that he started his career in Nashville.
Yes, she wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was adapted as a TV series by Sara Shepard. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
I recommend Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 2002. Also The Tailor Soldiers, which is now a TV series.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Do you know anything about Army/Navy, it would be interesting to know if I have a favorite college team.
I don't know much about them. Are they a part of the NFL?
I heard Tomlin is a good coach. I'm a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. I think Mike Tomlin is a good coach. Isn't he a good coach?
I didn't know that. Isn't Jamis Winston from Tampa?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Sharlto Copley great movie starred in it.
You got it. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year they bought it.
Yes, she is a writer and film producer.
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry, I don't have any more suggestions about her. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
It is a movie too. Would you like me to send it to you?
It's a thriller. It's about a murder and murder mystery.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do It with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet, which is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tragedy of Othello (The Moor of Venice).
What You Will is a fantasy comedy-drama written by the late great William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
The Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also popular. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a pro basketball player. I don't know much about him.
He is also a Producer and a producer. He wrote the famous Harry Potter series, the first of the book was released in 1962. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic about a trip she made to Italy. Did you know that Debra Winger was also in that movie?
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans starred in that, it's a really good family movie.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
He is ok. He was in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached.
It was a snowboarder that also stared Vincent Regan and Tina Turner
I remember seeing her on That 70s show. She was also in Will Smith and Ozzy Osbourne
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The House of Mirth.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
Yes, he did, and he was also in Star Trek.
Certainly. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
Tom Hanks starred in Wackness. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
I hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are also by Robert Louis Stevenson. Have you read it?
You might want to try The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. It was released in 1882.
Great, I will add it to your list!
Yes, I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers...The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
Do you like Roman Polanski because he starred in?
It was released in 1999
/Could you tell me who wrote The Fault of Our Stars?
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is a Thriller, do you like that genre?
Yes, that's correct.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life, which is a comedy. Have you heard of it?
Yes he was in that as well!
He was also in Insomnia and The Day After Tomorrow.
I'm not sure when Shadows was released.
Yes she is most famous for writing Frankenstein. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Fight Club has the genre Psychological thriller. It is starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt.
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, and Anthony Edwards.
You're welcome!
Yes, He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you familiar with either?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, Denzel Washington did star in The Siege. He's a great actor.
Yes, Edward Zwick was in that film. If you like Denzel Washington, you should check out The Great Debaters.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. He was great in The Siege.
Yes he was in that as well.
You're welcome.
Some what, I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Oh. I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I like the Atlanta Braves a lot. They have a good season this year.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005, and written in English.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like them?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Absolutely. World War Z and White Fang are also great.
Yes, Enjoy and have a great day!
No problem. Enjoy!
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I haven't read that, but I know Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is another speculative fiction book by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Did you know he was in True Grit and The Big Lebowski?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
Yes, you're right. I think he was also in The Civil War. I love him in that movie.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 1990, and also stars Carmen Argenziano.
The movie stars Carmen Argenziano, Dj Khaled Hosseini and Liam Neeson. It was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Underdog is a science fiction film that is produced by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1994.
He has starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and is also a movie.
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken, I don't know anything about Philadelphia Eagles. They are owned by Zygi Wilf.
I love the New England Patriots!
I like the Washington Redskins and the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
I don't have that information, but I heard it was a good movie.
Yes, that is correct. Did you know Alan Ball also starred in A Beautiful Mind?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring William Hurt?
The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell are both great movies.
Yes, it was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Roderick Thorp was in that but he was also in Die Hard 2.
Then I recommend Die Hard and Die Hard. They are both action movies
Did you enjoy World War Z because it was directed by Marc Foster or because it was a Thriller?
Absolutely! He also starred in a lot of action movies, as well as X-Men 2 and The Tree of Life.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore, which is a comedy.
She also starred in Funny Games - a thriller movie!
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is produced by Huge Jackman, who directed The Proposal, which is a comedy crime movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He starred in The Transporter and in The Incredible Hulk. Would you like to know more?
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Eddie Redmayne and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I don't have that information at this moment, but I can tell you that it is a horror movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, she has written a few books such as The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read those?
Madame Bovary is a literary novel released in 1856. It was written by Gustave Flaubert.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to read it?
It is a literary Realism, similar to The Scarlet Letter. Have you heard of it?
If you like Literary Realism, you may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky, and The Last Samurai.
It was released in 1999. Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Hudson Hawk is another one of his movies. Have you seen it?
I know he also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
great. do you like any other action movies?
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Yes, I like him too. Did you know Bryan Singer starred in this movie?
I don't know too much about Country music. I prefer Country music
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, Star Trek III was starring Leonard Nimoy. He also starred in the Voyage Home.
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
The Slippery Slope and The Old Man and the Sea are examples. Have you read either of these?
It came out in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
Sure, I like him in You Again and Wolfen. Did you know he was in Ghostbusters?
Yes. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Tales of Beedle the Bard is a good Adventure fiction.
Yes, she did. Have you seen it?
Then I'll have to check it out
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Louis Stevenson,and the genre is fiction.
You're welcome. Then you might like The Handmaid's Tale, this is a fiction novel by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Then i also recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I know that he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Are they a good team?
Not much of a basketball fan either. Are you a fan of the Warriors?
Not really, I know that he is a good basketball player.
Sure, do you like the author Frank McCourt or the genre Psychological thriller?
Absolutely, Teacher Man is a Speculative Fiction book. A similar book you might enjoy is Teacher Man.
You are welcome
I love Silence of the Lambs! It's written by Jodie Foster and is a Young-adult fiction.
He wrote the sequel to Silence of the Lambs: Silence of the Lambs. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises that you might like.
It was released in 2004. It also has a film adaptation.
Enjoy!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
Who is he an athlete?
They play in the 2009 UEFA Champions League
You may enjoy The Swan Thieves or The Sea Wolf. Have you read either of these?
Great choice, White Fang is considered a fiction as well as a Crime Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yeah, it also starred Ridi Lindhome and Emily Blunt. Did you see it?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a good comedy. Did you see it?
Yes, that is true. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in True Romance?
Can I help you with anything else?
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Lavant and Albert Dupontel?
It was released in 2009. Await Your Reply came out the same year.
Yeah, it's a great film. Did you know she also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums?
He also starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Fringe Benefits.
Great, you should check out The River Why as well as The Casual Vacancy.
There are so many great examples of speculative fiction novels that you might enjoy are World Without End, Wolf Brother, and White Fang. Have you read any of those?
That is a young-adult fiction novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
How about the classic Shrek 2?
I'm not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
I haven't. But I heard they're a good team. Who isn't that cool?
I don't know a lot about it, but I'm embarrassed to say that I'm a fan of the Texans. Did you ever see a movie called Minute Maid?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The United States, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a TV series and stars him as a producer.
I love her! She is a great football player, do you like football?
The best team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite football team?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written and directed by Kong. The movie stars Tobey Maguire and Rip Torn. Would you like to know more about King Kong?
He wrote the movie King Kong and also wrote The Jungle Book.
I think it was released in 2011
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
Wasn't the Panthers in the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yea, I think he played football as well. He was a defensive back too.
Great! You should try The Warlord of the Worlds if you like drama.
You're very welcome!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I guess it was. The New York Mets haven't won a World Series since 2001, and that was 2001.
I like that movie too. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I do like them, he's a good basketball player.
No, I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good athlete too.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen Spielberg and stars Men in Black.
Yes, how about Toy Story 2? It is a good one.
Yes, it was a film as well as filmed in Las Vegas. Did you know that Lowell Cunningham directed it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure if they do, but the Dark Knight Rises is directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Batman Begins.
Welcome!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
They both were released in the 1990's. The Mad Ship was released that year.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
Another good one is Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in that movie. Do you like him?
Not a whole lot, but it's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
He also wrote .
He also wrote the Monkey House and The Cat in the Hat.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a romance novel released in 2012
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Glad I could help!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick. He also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good fit for that genre.
I do have that movie called Into the Wild which is also a psychological thriller.
I am glad I could help.
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit was released in 2011 in English.
You got it!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, He is a great coach. Did you know that they won the Championship in 2007 with him?
Yeah, he is. Did you know he is also a musician?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Sequel: Chicago Bulls - Ron Howard and Ernest Hemingway. Do you know any of them?
I haven't heard that, but I hope they will make the playoffs. They have a good season this year.
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, True Believer is a young adult fiction novel. It is part of a series. The next in the series is called Three Weeks with my Brother. If you are into Young-adult fiction.
Glad to help. I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you might enjoy.
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel that was published in 1817.
No problem!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? My favorite band is American Idol.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family movies?
It was released in 2002 and stars Tom Cruise, Tim Allen and Reese Witherspoon also starred in it.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well as Michael Clayton.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, she is in it. Do you like her movies?
Have you seen Good Will Hunting? It's one of my favorites.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
There was a famous bowler named Yuvraj Singh, right?
Yes, he wrote it, and it was a documentary film.
From what I can tell, he's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He also owns the Portland Trail Blazers, did you know that Damian Lilliard was from Oakland?
I don't really follow sports , but I do know Seattle Seahawks is owned by Paul Allen
Yes. The King's Speech was written by Issac Magee, and stars Tom Hanks. It is a great movie.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Are you interested in any of the movies she was in?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, she is a talented singer. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough.
She is a very talented singer. I will have to look her up
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a big fan of the Bears. They won the NFL championship twice in 2001 and 2013. Who's your favorite team?
Any time! I hope they are a great team and they are a great team. What do you think?
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a point guard.
I don't know much about him other than he does. He is a good basketball player.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
OK, she's starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Power of Six. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Yes, she is starred in Drama and Thriller /Horror movies. Have you seen any of those?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I do know that Lovie Smith is a coach.
I like football and baseball. How about you?
Great choice! J.K. Rowling wrote all of the Harry Potter books. Do you enjoy that type of book?
Sure! J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, which is also in the fantasy genre.
It's a great book. I think you'll like it. It's a great choice for your niece.
Great, I think you will enjoy them!
Sure! He is super talented! He wrote, directed, and starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a great romance film.
I hope you enjoy it. Have a great day!
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
Then I would definitely watch Scream of the Banshee if you haven't seen it already.
Oh my gosh, I certainly can! He had a couple of great comedies that he was in called Olympus Has Fallen, which I enjoyed.
You're welcome!
He's one of my favorites! He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It is a fiction book about the life of a young girl who runs a ranch and the mother's life.
You're welcome
Sure, it was produced by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogen, Rory Kinnear and James Franco. Do you like it because of the genre or the actors?
He is in Knocked Up, The 40 year old virgin and Shrek the Third. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has been in so many good movies. My favorite Mindy Kaling has to be What's your number? and is a fan of comedy too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Queen. Are you a fan of that book?
Yes. Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy.
Absolutely!
Yes, I love her! She is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I'll check it out, I like it a lot. Did you know that she's married to Gisele?
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight.
He directed The Prestige, and The Dark Knight Rises, to name a few.
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film as well as Thriller and Fantasy.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome.
He is a member of the Brazil national football team. You like him?
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
They are second in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. Are you a football fan?
Yeah, they are doing pretty well this season. I haven't watched them play much this year.
Oh, I didn't know that! In that case they won the NFC North championship!
Well, I can tell you that Ralph Fiennes is the writer of this book. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Great Expectations is a book about the 1860s. It was released in 1850.
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that one?
Have you read A Tale of Two Cities, written by Charles Dickens?
I don't really know a lot about working class though. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Yes, it is. You should try The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai if you like that.
No problem, I hope you enjoy.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a great Fiction novel. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure, he has written a lot in different genres such as The Grapes of Wrath and the Throne of Fire.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. Would you like to know more about this?
Well, if you're interested in something similar, you might enjoy The Maze Runner.
I'm glad to help.
Adam Brown has starred in many movies including the Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and the other Hobbit films.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a 1998 American-Canadian science fiction film directed by John Steinbeck. It was released in 1997.
It is a sequel to The Words and The Words. It is considered a thriller and a romance film.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
It is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
no i dont. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843. It's a good one.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Some say they aren't that I am familiar with that ?
I'm not sure about that, I think he was born in San Diego.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is an adventure movie?
Remember the Titans, starring Aladdin was a good one
You should try The Avenger. It is a popular one.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Emir Kusturica also starred in it. I highly recommend it.
Yes, he did, as well as The End of the Affair. Do you like dramas?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he was in that movie too. Do you know his music?
He was also in The Fast and the Furious starring Bill Murray.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Stan Lee and Adam Sandler and Molly C. Quinn, it is a good science fiction movie. Do you like those genres?
Angelina Jolie is also in it, he is a good actor.
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of hers?
Oh my gosh. That's one of my favorites. I haven't heard it a long time.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Man of Steel.
Yes, it is a series and the next book is The Mortal Instruments
You're welcome!
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a comedy, written by David Sedaris, the director of it, and David Sedaris, the director of it. He did write it too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is a fantasy comedy. Do you like fantasy movies?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a very dramatic movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 starred in He He's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more?
Yes. He starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
Yes! It stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Are you a fan of romance films?
She has starred in another one called The Devils wears Prada, have you seen that one?
Yes, she was, I think she was also in The Iron Lady.
Glad to be of help!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
How to Train Your Dragon was a popular one that was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, if you enjoy fiction you may want to try Undead and Unwed, Succubus Blues, and Witches Abroad. Do those sound of interest?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013 in English. Do you like this film because it is a Mystery?
Yes, you might enjoy The Bourne Legacy. Starring Tom Hanks is a great action movie.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Phantom of the Opera and Ponyo.
It is considered a romance, similar to To The Lighthouse, which is a great film. You should definitely check it out!
Laurence Fishburne starred in it, and Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the film
Yes, Yûki Amami is an animated film, based on a true story.
Sure he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
Of course, he starred in There Will Be Blood along with Matt Damon.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Pairs Wife which was released in 2011. Have you read it?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996. Are you interested in her work?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Absolutely, no problem. Enjoy!
Sure, good drama to check out is To Kill a Mockingbird, it is also a drama and is also a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it but I heard it's a good book.
I don't have that information right now. But if you want to check out some other mystery books I can recommend; The Deep end of the Ocean.
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Yes, Vladimir Naokov wrote Pnin, Pale Fire, and Lolita. Do you like these books?
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. Did you know he also wrote The Great Gatsby?
Yes, he did write that one.
Pinn is a children's literature
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, you may also like Pachinko written by Min Jin Lee.
A Song of Ice and Fire is the next book in the series
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Glad to be of help
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it was.
Not really, but I know she starred in Sweet Home Alabama. That was a funny film.
That's true. So funny. I'm not sure if she was in that film, but I do like her.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a whole series by that one called The Cat in the Hat. Did you know that one was actually banned in Canada and some of the US states ?
That's correct! Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket? Heard of that one?
Wasn't Kung Fu Panda 2? The kids love it.
That's a good one! He also starred in Proof of Life and Snatch.
That's right. I think Emma Stone was in that movie too, did you see it?
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
I love that movie! It was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller are the main stars. Do you like them?
2011 was the year that released The Dozen was released.
Do you want to know more about the Dozen or the Dozen?
You are welcome, hope you enjoy.
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is action movie?
Yes, that's correct. Glenn Plummer starred in it as well as The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know, but I do know that he also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Added the movie to your watch list.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. Do you like that genre?
Deception Point is a non-fiction novel written by Dan Brown. It was written by Dan Brown.
The genre is Science Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also like the X-Men series by Maurice Sendak, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy.
I don't have that information, but it is starring Tom Waits and Kevin Corrigan.
It was released in 2001. It is a mystery/thriller/Horror genre.
I will do that right away.
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
If you enjoyed that, you might also like Tender is the Night.
I am not sure who else stars in it, but I do know that it is a Romance film.
Your welcome. Goodbye
Ellen starred in When a Stranger Calls and The Stone Angel. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do know about Serena. I know she is married to Mirka Federer. She was in the 2008 Olympics.
Did you know Garfinkel starred in the Miami Dolphins?
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird has genre Fiction, then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
You are welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead. What is yours?
I don't know a lot about her music but I know she's married to Gisele. She starred in a movie called Welcome to Sarajevo. She's amazing.
Wow, I didn't know that. I know she starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
Yes, it also stars Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
Certainly. He also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you heard of that one?
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is the only book I know of he has written.
Happy reading!
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a football fan?
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. He was a midfielder.
I love her sister Serena. I like tennis more. Do you like her?
Me either. I don't know if Brett Ratner was in that movie. What a funny movie?
I knew she was in Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee, too.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. Another book in the same genre is Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Have you read that one?
That book was written by Greg Mortenson
Alice Sebold wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, it is fiction. Would you like to know about similar novels?
That is also a great book. It is also a movie.
Yes, he has written White Fang and it is also fiction.
You are welcome
I know she plays tennis. She was upset she lost the match with Lisa Raymond.
You know, I also like Venus and her sister Serena, she is also a cricket player.
I don't know. However, he is a good tennis player.
Yes, Usain Bolt was in the 2012 Olympics. She was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
You might like The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford. It's a fantasy movie.
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliott, and Nicole Kidman. Would you like more recommendations?
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams, Troy Garityity! He also starred in Falling Up.
Yes, he did. Elizabethtown is a romantic comedy.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You may like Xenocide or World Without End. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, you might enjoy that one. Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a great book.
He directed a favorite of mine, Young Frankenstein. Have you seen it?
Yes. I haven't seen it yet. Isn't John Sayles have you seen it?
It's a good one. It's a drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
As well as the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament
Yes, I think it is great. Isn't that a comedy?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
Yes, if you like movies from Brooklyn, you might also enjoy The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants or The Third Person. Those are both popular.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That's a good one. I can recommend others like The One Minute Manager.
Yes, I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Judy Greer.
Nowhere Boy is a 2009 British biographical drama film about John Lennon's adolescence, his relationships with his aunt Mimi Smith and his mother, Julia. If you are interested in his work, you can't go wrong.
Of course! Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is written by Patrick Rothfuss, who also wrote The Green Mile.
Hunter S Thompson is a great actor. You might enjoy The Gone Girl or The Wildest Dreams. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure about it, but it was directed by David Ayer and starred Kenneth Nkosi.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
Virgin Blue is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read that one but I check it out. It was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 2002 and also a movie in 2012. I think you'll like it.
Great, do you like Country of national Lampoons?
Great, do you recommend Annie Hall or She's All That ?
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Dan Gilroy. Did you know he wrote Michael Clayton?
Matt Damon Starred in the Bourne Legacy
It is a fantasy movie
Yes, He has starred in Rushmore
good series
no problem
Do you like there's a specific genre, or do you like poetry?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Where the Sidewalk Ends. Do either of those interest you?
Sharon Creech, Kathryn Bigelow, and Shel Silverstein are some similar authors.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. I also like Taylor Swift!
Yes, I do , did you know her?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It is a film that was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Evans, Ethan Hawke, and Debra Winger.
Yes, it is a 1998 American musical rock band.
Absolutely, no problem!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
Did you know that William Shakespeare wrote a book called The Name of the Wind?
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, Rooney is from England and plays the forward position
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion, do you like him?
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I am a fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like the Patriots?
Oh, I haven't been following them since they were the runner-up team, I believe.
pitch perfect was written by John Grisham and stars Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in that movie.
Yes, if you like Scott Pilgrim vs The World, you might like The X-Men series.
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, it is very similar.
I recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Phantom.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about it, but I prefer American Football, you?
Yes, he is a great player, but I don't really follow him. I prefer American Football or American Football.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction novel released in 1987
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released that year.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think he plays for the Spain national football team too, did you know that?
He did indeed! I love their player Thierry Henry, but I don't know much about them.
Yes, he also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
He is an American novelist who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. it is an erotic romance novel written by E.L. James and was released in 2011.
Ok, if you like the series then you'll like The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is fiction, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was published in 2010 , what do you like about this book?
You might also enjoy the book Xenocide if you haven't read that one.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a pretty good basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and directed by Ron Howard.
Yes he did and it was directed by Ridley Scott
He wrote The Count of Monte Cristo
Is there anything else I can help with?
Martin Gardener wrote The Secret Gardener which is a Young-adult fiction. It is also a book. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1943.
Its a non-fiction book written by Andy Dick. Do you like his writings?
No problem, glad to help. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right. John Fox is a pretty good coach. Do you like the Raiders?
I don't think so, he might be playing for the Broncos.
Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Tracy Morgan. Would you like more books by him?
Yes, it's a sci-fi novel .
George A. Romero is the writer of Snow Crash.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of adventure, crime fiction and stars Tom Cruise. Do you enjoy that type of movie?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Hanks, Johnny Depp, and Philip Baker Hall.
Comedy-dramas is also a comedy-dramas.
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. However, My Own Hearts Blood was released in 2009.
It's a fiction novel.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in this movie. Do you like his acting?
It was released in 1995
Enjoy!
I'm not really a Bears fan. I do know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLI. Are you a fan of them?
I would say I prefer the New England Patriots. They had a good season. They were runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, the Bears have won a lot of superbowls. I am a fan of the Carolina Panthers.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
I do not have that information. Would you like to hear that information?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that Ben Stiller starred in that film.
I don't have that information right now. I do know that Rene Russo and Natalie Portman starred in that film as well.
Yes, that's a great choice. He is also a writer and a film producer.
Yes, Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She stars in What's your number?.
Yes, it was. It's a comedy.
Yes I did, it was a good movie. Are you a fan of James Franco movies?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of them?
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise of an Empire by Peter Mensah or the movie 300: Rise of an Empire.
I believe so. I'll have to check that out. Is there anything else I can help with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City, in 2012. I don't know where she was in.
You are welcome!
I don't know much about the baseball, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. Did you know Magic Johnson is from the United States?
I agree, I love that sport! Have you ever watched a game live in person?
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred with Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
Besides that year, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to watch that?
I cannot find any books similar to that one but if you are interested in reading the original The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, I can suggest some.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with it?
Philippa Gregory also wrote The White Queen and The Virgin's Lover.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Oh, I know that he plays for the New England Patriots.
I agree. I feel the same way, I should be a good team.
Yes, He is an author and a screen writer. He wrote Dumb and Dumber, are you familiar with those?
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre Romance and Fiction. do you like these genres?
OK, would you like me to add those to your reading list?
I think it was released in 1994. I do know that the book is also a film.
I don't have any information on that book. Sorry.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Tom Cruise?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
She also starred in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She's a great actress.
Yes, she also starred in a remake of Thirteen.
You're welcome!
It is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It's a novel by Arthurc Lacks.
He also wrote The Little Friend. Have you read that one?
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like it because it is a fantasy book?
2012 was a great year for books. A book 2012 was written by Harald Kloser. Do you like him?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great action/adventure film, as is Queen of Shadows.
Yes, if you want something in the same genre, you can try The Maze Runner or The Killing.
Interstellar starred James Franco and Molly C. Quinn, which is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
It also had Adam Brody and Kevin Spacey in it. Are you familiar with them?
She was also in Golden Compass, which was a comedy drama
Glad to be of help
I think he's a very good tennis player. I don't know much about him other than he was born in London.
I haven't been to a game yet. I haven't been to a game a few times.
What is your favorite sport to play?
Absolutely! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci Fi?
The Last Stand has a genre of Fantasy, action, and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by David Ayer and Produced by Steven Spielberg.
Right on! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of movies. One of them is Where the Wild Things Are. Did you know that he wrote that one?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, this is a drama film. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into fiction?
The Godfather also wrote Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1998
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
The Shining is a good one by Stephen King, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone, which is directed by Stephen King as well.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both of these are young adult fiction.
Will Smith of course! I Am Legend is a sci-fi film.
He's been in quite a few movies. I like Will Smith too. Have you seen The Pursuit of Happyness?
He's been in quite a few films. He was in a No Country for Old Men, which is also a Sci-Fi Action Film.
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Hot Fuzz is also a comedy and adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Yes, it is. World War Z is a adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, I enjoy his music. Did you know he is also a singer?
I like him, especially the song Where Have You Been is a good one. Have you heard it?
I do, did you know he won the Grammy Awards?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
I haven't seen it but it stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway. Do you like Romance films?
I'd recommend The River, The Book of Mormon, and The Invisible Man. Have you seen any of those?
Gladiator is a great one. You might also like The Woman in White, or the Frog.
Yes, it is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes, I like her too. He was in Deer Hunter
It also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
For sure, I don't have a lot of reasons to root for them. All I have from that year is that they have a good season and I don't really care for them. Do you like any other teams in the NFL?
Cold Mountain starred Charlize Theron. She's a great actress! Have you seen that movie?
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great book. If you want me to find something else with this actor, then you should also try The Little Prince or The Beastmaster.
J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers
He has done a whole series of films. The Assassination of J.K. Simmons starred in and also Tropic Thunder which is a thriller.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett, to name a few. It's a great movie.
Ronan Bennett, Chris Hemsworth, and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies. Do you like their movies?
At the moment, I can't find anything else he was in. Did you know James Depp starred in The Rum Diary?
I don't think he's ever acted in anything, but he was in The Rum Diary which is a comedy.
Oh, I will! It's a good one. Enjoy!
The movie stars Sela Ward and Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
It was released in 1987. Have you seen the movie?
Same here. Have a good day!
Have you seen The Fugitive or The Empire Strikes Back?
Yes, he was, it's a great movie.
Enjoy your movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote Thirteen Moons, which is a fantasy book. Do you like the genre?
It's children's literature.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Yea, I think he plays for Paris Saint-Germain
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie that stars Vin Diesel and Paul Walker. Are you a fan of his?
He also starred in King Arthur and The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes Jonathan Silverman starred in it, do you like him?
That is a horror Thriller. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, she did. The Gazebo starred Mako who is a great actor.
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed Country of Nationalities. Have you seen that one?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a drama, comedy, and was directed by Peter Hyams
Sure, I haven't see Family Guy
Skyfall stars Clive O'Brien and David O'Brien. Do you like their work?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Men in the Moon, The Second Coming and The Hunted.
Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt produced this film.
It is a fantasy film. I think you would enjoy it.
I love Adventure. Have you seen Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard?
You as well!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's also a part of a series. I read the last one and watched the movie Dead to the World. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not a big fan of the Vampires, but I can recommend some of his books if you like.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It's a fantasy, but is also considered a psychological thriller. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in the film. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that is a great book. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
I think he was in the film, The Fault in Our Stars, too. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2008 and is a mystery. Do you like mystery type books?
Max Brooks is a Sci-Fi-Author living in Canada. He wrote World War Z, have you read that one?
2013! That was a good year for books.
Absolutely! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Yes! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie.
You should watch it. It's very good. It also stars Hugh Jackman.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I do! He wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Detectives.
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Fellowship of the Rings or The Time Traveler's Wife?
Yes, it was. He also wrote the book and starred in a animated version of the movie.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Well Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Tom Cruise. Did you know that?
Happy to help
Your welcome
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he's a pretty good actor. Did you know he starred in Shrek 2?
Yes, I have. Did you know he also starred in Someone Like You?
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the information.
I haven't seen it but it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like Thunderball, you should try The Hunting Party. It is also a very funny film.
Yes, it is a drama, similar to Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
I believe he also coached Manchester United F.C.
Would you like to know anything about the team?
I have The Alchemist, written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. What have you read that?
I don't have any information on that specific book, but I can tell you that he wrote The Alchemist.
Yes, Onze minutos was released a while ago. It's in English.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch mostly football. I like to watch Gymnastics. What about you?
I love the Redskins, that team is my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and movie. It is considered a book and a movie.
The Last Samurai has genre Historical period drama,is that what you are interested in?
Yes, he starred in The Pink Panther, The Last Samurai, and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of his?
Andy Garcia was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. If you like Andy Garcia, you might also enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl, or The Muppets.
You're welcome!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I haven't seen that one, I know it starred Jim Carrey and was a comedy too.
Yes, she was in Jerry Maguire, isn't a great actor but I have seen him in Jerry Maguire?
I'm also into Thriller/Horror films.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy adventure film, similar to Zoe's Tale.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was released in 2014 and written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes. I recommend that book. It was also released in 2014
I am not sure. I can give you other titles by Jeff VanderMeer if you like.
Your welcome. glad i could help.
I recommend Zombieland, X-Men 2 or Waterworld.
I am not sure, but he also starred in Zombieland which is a great movie.
Yes, she is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
It is a romantic novel.
It was written in 1850
How about Wicked Lovely? It's a good one.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park, Lady Susan and Dawn of the Dreadfuls. Have you read either of those?
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is another great read.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, do you like slasher movies?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you read them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. I have read Russian.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Oh yes, it is a classic movie! It is regarded as one of the best Fantasy Drama films.
He starred also in Troy, which is a fantasy movie.
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I also like The Lake of Dreams and the Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
That's a great book! Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Yes, Natalie Portman also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy and also starred Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
I don't have that information. However if you like Tika Sumpter, it also starred in Paper Towns.
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to search based on his books?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote it and it was. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really. I know he reached a career-high Association of Tennis Professionals world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, He competed in the 2012 Olympics in 2012 in London!
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1982. It is a fictional supervillain team.
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
I don't have that information.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a thriller?
No I don't see his work but he directed Scream 4 which is a fantasy film.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Soul to Take. So did Zena Grey.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
enstein is a crime fiction novel by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you familiar with his work?
I am not sure of that but I can tell you she wrote The Great Silence of the Lambs as well.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
I would recommend a book by Neil Gaiman, including Beowulf, or The Graveyard Book.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted. It was turned into a drama. Do you like drama?
It's considered a satire but is also considered a satire.
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, and Jennifer Lawrence.
It's a fantasy film.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope they have a good chance. What do you think of the Seahawks chances are?
I like the Cowboys vs. the Seahawks. do you have a favorite player?
I have never been to a game live in person. I like Pete Carroll as well.
Most definitely! It was produced by George Lucas, who directed the Star Wars saga!
Garth Williams and Ethan Hawke
He also directed The Big Lebowski which is a great movie, have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I have heard of him. I think he is one of the best actor in this movie, have you seen The Devil's Advocate?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote the Harry Potter book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings and many other titles.
by John Lee Hancock?
Matt Damon starred in Grimms Fairy Tales. Do you like his movies?
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Lightning Thief. Are you a fan of those?
It's a part of a series. The next in the series is The Lightning Thief, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Water for Elephants and the Jungle Book 2.
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous. Have you read either of those?
That's a good one. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of either?
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Yes, he also wrote The Prestige.
Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is written by Ernest Hemingway or because it is a Fiction novel?
There are so many great books that he wrote. Would you like to know about other war novels?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
Yes he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He was a runner-up for the 2008 PGA Championship.
Yes, he did. It was amazing. I think he was a part of the New York Trilogy.
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. John Green wrote it. Do you like that book?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth George Speare. She's a great writer.
Great, enjoy!
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and its a romantic comedy, do you like Romantic Comedy?
It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
Yes, she is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. It is a novel that was released in 1969. Do you enjoy novels?
Yes, it is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, but haven't read Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he is one of my favorite actor. He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that one, but Robert Duvall did. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure, but it also starred Sylvester Stallone.
You're welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote the movie Mark Waters.
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine were also in it. It was directed by Kenny Baker.
It is a Romance film. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Sure! Jane Austen wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The book was released in 2003 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a novel involving the punk rock scene.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is an amazing Indie film. He directed Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo. Have you seen those?
I recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you heard of those?
Seven Samurai starred Omar Sy, and Akira Kurosawa.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that movie.
That was directed by J.K. Rowling, do you like it because of the genre Fantasy?
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes, that is correct. He also wrote The Book of Mormon
Cool! It was actually made into a movie.
Did you know that Will Ferrell is also a writer?
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has also starred in many movies such as The Adventure of Huckleberry Finn and the Fast and the Furious
Your welcome
Yes. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you familiar with either?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. That one was a great book. I think you'd enjoy it.
That's right! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
Not a big fan, but I am a fan
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins
No, I haven't but I hope they make the playoffs.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he also directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen either of those?
No, Hellboy is considered a comic movie. If you like comic movies, you might also like The Titan's Curse. Have you seen that one?
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We Were Soldiers and Ayn Rand.
The book was released in 1957 as a 1957 novel. Another historical fiction book is The Fountainhead
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote The Wind and the Lion.
You can try When You Reach Me or What My Mother Doesn't Know.
You are most welcome. Let me know if I can help with anything else
Have a great day!
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was also in Kung Fu Panda 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
He's been in a number of films including The Kung Fu Panda 2 and the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Of course! Are you a fan of the author James Patterson or the genre?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
My apologies. You may want to try Margaret Atwood. It is another Good Gilly Hopkins book.
You are welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not a big basketball fan. I do know that they are located in Oakland, California. Are you a fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like football as well. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, and he is a great quarterback.
Yes, and Bridget Moynahan starred alongside him. It was a comedy.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 2006, the same year as The Son of Neptune.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was released.
Enjoy!
Did you know that it stars Keanu Reeves, Jeffrey Jones, and Jeffrey Jones?
Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, and Jim Carrey were all in the film.
It was released in 1981.
You're welcome.
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Have you seen The Hunger Games or The Giver?
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosney. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, she did. It is a Science Fiction novel. Do you like this genre?
I don't know that information, but did you know it was released in 2007?
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was a children's author from the United States. She wrote the series of books.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, They are very good if you like them. I like their song What Happens In Vegas. Do you know that one?
Yes, he did play the guitar.
I thought it was a funny one as well.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Charlie Hunnam and The Mask are two of the big names you may recognize.
I believe it's a drama.
You are welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, Back to the Future is a great Sci-Fi movie. It was written by Peter Jackson. I think you would like that one. It was really funny.
Do you like Allegiant?
Oh, he did. That was a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers or just this movie?
Yes, I like romance too. Would you like to watch that?
Yes, Zodiac is another great Mystery film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Zoolander?
Yes, he does.
Not a big fan of the Green Bay Packers. But I like the Rams and the Saints.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed, wrote, directed, and starred in the movie The Fountain. Have you seen this movie?
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. You might also enjoy the Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It also stars Kyla Pratt.
It was released in 2005 and starred Denis O'Hare and Princess Mononoke. It was also considered a Romance film.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in the movie that was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like Matt Damon?
I recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. What do you think about these?
LOL! I'm sure you will love it!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you might like it!
Definitely! Thanks!
I like him too! He is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play anymore. I know that he used to play for the Saints. Are you a fan of football?
It would be good if they have a good chance.
Sure! Bruce Willis wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
Great! Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada or The Hobbit?
Away Reese Witherspoon is also in it. It's a good choice for you!
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a horror, and also stars Meryl Streep. Do you like horror movies?
I sure will!
Have a great day!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is a similar movie. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Dallas Cowboys starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about Cory Hardrict?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It is a romance novel like Waterworld. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 2004. It's a good book.
You're welcome
Do you like movies Mandy Moore starred in?
One of my favorites from that Disney movie is The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in The Santa Clause, you might also enjoy The Last Airbender.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Have you read The Gate Thief? It is a Speculative fiction novel.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. That is a good movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I know he starred in The Making of Star Wars with Kenny Baker. Have you seen that?
I don't know anything else. I do know he was in the Star Wars film Tombstone and the Avengers film True Grit.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information about any other movies
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that he wrote The Good Doctor?
He is a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in The Princess Diaries?
Yeah, The Black Cat is a fantasy, I'd have to check it out. I like it.
Ok. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Not a problem.
The only thing I really know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
Did you know that Russell Wilson owns the Philadelphia Eagles?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I did not know that. I will have to check that out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, it is considered to be speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as speculative fiction. A similar title that may interest you is The Lord of the Rings.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They played Again and were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Awesome! I would like to see it again, it's been a long time. My son is a big fan.
Sure thing! He wrote Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Have you heard of A Walk in the Woods? It is a historical film.
It is a great movie about the United States of America. It is a historical biographical film about the United States.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
That's a fantasy. It's about a guy mistakenly thought to be looking for a sci-fi flick.
It's a good one! It stars Tom Hanks and Robert Duvall. Do you like any other actors?
Oh yes, she's very talented. You'll have a great day!
Yes i have seen 50/50 because it's a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun, have you seen that one?
Cameron Diaz was also in it. It's a good TV show.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is! I can tell you that it's actually a relationship with Woody Harrelson.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well, I love Wildcats! I liked that movie too.
Yes, you are totally right. I think he is so funny too. Have you seen Couples Retreat?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great adventure movie, I also like Spy Game. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Science Fiction Sci-Fi adventure film War of the Worlds. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. Enjoy the movie!
Enjoy!
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect. I remember it starred Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. It was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber, released in 2004.
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
The Voyage Home starred Gary Lockwood and Amy Smart. It is a Science Fiction movie. Does that interest you?
You are welcome. Glad i could help.
ok, have a great day!
The Avengers, starring Denzel Washington, is a good one! Have you seen it?
The Big Hit is a great Thriller movie. Those are two of my favorites.
No problem!
Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football Team. Do you like Football?
Oh, that's pretty cool. I don't know much about the sport. Did you know Cesc Fabregas also play for Barcelona?
I don't know much about him either. I know he was born in Spain.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, he was a point guard too. I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Yes, the Bucks were in the 2012 Olympics.
Memento is a thriller starring Christopher Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Scarlett Johannson, David Bowie, and Michael Caine. Are you interested in this film?
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Do you like thrillers?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is also a dance pop artist. She recently starred in the movie Dreamgirls, have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Yes, Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
Then I highly recommend watching this actor. He also directed the Lord of the Rings series.
Great, I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
Certainly!
Great. Glad to help.
He's a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, I think he's really good. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year?
Yes, you are right and i don't follow the sport. Do you follow any basketball players?
That was a good movie, starring Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Yes, you can see him in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, Undisputed is another great movie with Shia LaBeouf
Your welcome
Crescendo is a book written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Silence. Have you heard of those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen any of them?
Young adult fiction is written by James Dashner and James Dashner.
OK, enjoy!
Why certainly! I love The Day After Tomorrow and The Good Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like Prince of Persia. It's a great movie.
He is a great actor. The Day After Tomorrow and The Dark Knight are also a few of my favorites.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Mike Colter,
Jamie Foxx also starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a historical drama.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his work or more in the Romance genre?
Yes, it was. I think it was Message in a Bottle was made into a movie. I haven't read it yet.
The Notebook was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001. Not that I know of.
It was Message in the BFG. The next book in the series is calledMessage in the BFG.
Yes, he is. He also wrote "Seeing in the Water" and "The Return of the King."
You are very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a great read. Is there anything else you would like to know?
It's a book that was written in English. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by Nicholas Sparks or books written by Sparks?
He's a great writer. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, that's right. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, it is a drama and a suspense book. Do you like those kinds of books?
No that's all I know of.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They are a great runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII. What sport do you like?
They aren't doing well this year, and their coach Pete Carroll is doing a fantastic job.
Lolita is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a mystery novel released in 2002.
I like poetry. You should check out The Post which was also written by Vladimir Nabokov.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I think he is a nice singer. Do you know any of his music?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also had a spouse in Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's one of my favorite actors. Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, both are great books that you might enjoy.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. Are you a fan of hers?
Of course! You might enjoy Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you read that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, I can tell you that Orlando Bloom starred in the autobiography Gone with the Wind.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure but the book is in English. Would you like to read it?
I'm sorry, I can't find that information. Would you like to see something else by the same author?
Sorry, I can't find that information. Would you like to add it to your list?
No problem. I hope you like it!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Yes. He plays for the France national football team and Manchester United F.C. I don't follow soccer.
I like James Harden too. Who is your favorite player?
I haven't seen it but I heard of it. I love reality TV.
I love that show. I would also watch the San Diego Chargers if you like.
No problem. I'll watch The Prestige if you'll watch it.
The movie Inception is starring Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, that's correct.
Enigma was released in 2005. It is a drama/fantasy film that was released in 1985.
Added it to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Absolutely! He also directed the hit movie This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars, which is a really good one.
You are welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Do you like her?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the exact year.
You are welcome!
I like the movie Spring Breakers and some of her songs, have you seen it?
I'm not sure who was in that. I do know that she was also in The Muppets a musical comedy.
Then I'm sure you'll like it. She's a very talented actress.
Do you like Michael Parks because he is an actor or because he was in Men in Black 3?
They didn't win but the Red Sox were runner-up in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Red Sox are part of the National League West division. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he probably misses his ex, Elin Nordegren and his consistent golf game as well!
Wow, I am not so sure about it. I know he was in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
That's amazing. Isn't Phil Mickelson the coach now?
Yes, The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor. It's a great movie.
Sure. It also stars Jeremy Renner, a writer, and film producer.
Sure thing.
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
yes they moved to Arizona from New York City
Not really, I like college football. I'm more a Phillies fan.
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a professional footballer?
I didn't know that, because I don't really know anything about him. I'm more of a fan of soccer, but I think they're one of the best teams in the world!
I like football and baseball. What about you? What kind of sport do you like?
I'm sorry, I don't know the genre. Did you know that it was written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez?
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the language.
Do you like books written by James Patterson or the author James Patterson?
Yes it is! And if you like thrillers, Shark Night is also a suspense/punk book.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're very welcome!
Atonement is a great book written by Ian McEwan. It was later made into a movie.
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars or The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are good!
If you enjoyed The Time Traveler's Wife, you may enjoy The Dolphins of Pern. That was also a Tragicomedy.
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Great, if you like horror films, you might enjoy Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, or Zodiac, if you're interested.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Jeremy Renner to name a few.
No problem, I am happy to help! Enjoy!
Sure, of course. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know about the book Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
The Sheltering Sky is a Historical fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Of course, I think you would enjoy Into the Wild by James Patterson.
I didn't know that. Is that a sport that interests you?
No, I do believe she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes have you read any of his works?
I agree. I love Romeo and Juliet, too. I think he's my favorite. What about you?
Yes. She starred in that play as well. Are you a fan of dramas?
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
He's fantastic! I especially like the song Be with you. I haven't heard much about him lately though. Have you?
I think she is a good actor. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
You might enjoy that one as well. The dance-pop album is really good.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
Avatar was a great movie that also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He was also in The Aviator.
He also starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
He wrote School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons.
Yes, she is starring in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It is a coming of age story. Do you like that genre?
I do not have any information on the Historian, but I can tell you it is a drama like The Swan Thieves
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, it's Golf.
yes i love play. what is your fav sport?
no i didn't know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
i really like basketball. what sports do you like?
great. who is your fav player on that team?
i love football. have you ever been to a game in person?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
the Georgia Dome is starring in the National Football League.
My husband is a Patriots fan as well.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign if you like Marion Wiesel.
I do know that Marion Wiesel attended Rice and Radford Universities. sorry I couldn't help with that.
The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That is a great book!
He starred in Vulgar
Not at this time :) But Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men 2. I think you might like that.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes. They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like these types of music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did have a relationship with Gwyneth Paltrow, did you know that?
I don't know what type of music they play, do you like?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the song.
Not really, but I know they are coached by Tom Brady and owned by Robert Kraft.
Yes, it was! What do you think of it?
Oh, I didn't know that. Pretty good team.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
He also directed the Orphan Train which was a fantasy film
That movie is in the drama genre.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2001. It has a genre of Fantasy, Comedy, and Adventure. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Beatrix Potter wrote the Tales of Peter Rabbit. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Michel Gondry and Michel Gondry.
He also starred in the movie True Grit and The Wild Life.
That is a western film as well as X-Men 2. I don't know that answer.
It is a comedy and adventure movie. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes! It is a romance and stars Sandra Bullock as well.
Alice in Wonderland was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you familiar with his work?
Have you read Alice in Wonderland?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
the Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was written by John Logan, who also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
I am not sure, but I do know that Charlie Hunnam and Charlie Bewley starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver nuggets
I don't know much about it, is it a big sport? I like Basketball. What is your favorite team?
I do, the Denver Nuggets are my favorite team!
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of Cricket but I do know that they are a lot of good teams.
I do, it is a very good movie written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
I haven't heard that song too, can you tell me who is. What is your favorite song?
Oh, that's right, I wonder if she's made some appearances on the radio. I'll check her out, thanks for the recommendation.
I would prefer heavy metal and rock, that's what I prefer.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 1994.
Good Kill might be worthwhile.
For thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, or X-Men 2. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Rum Diary stars Orlando Bloom and Liam Nelson, to name a few. It is also considered a horror film
Glad to help
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
What do you think of him?
I haven't played any sport but I do like soccer. Who is your favorite player?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone.
You're welcome. Let me know if I can help with anything else.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. It's also a film if you like that genre.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is a actor. He starred in Gangster Squad which is a TV show.
I am not sure who starred in it, but Meryl Streep was also in it.
Sure, Maroon 5 is a group of singers. PJ Morton, Mickey Madden, and Matt Flynn are a few members.
I like lloyd banks hes a great performer
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan. I do like Moonwalker, how about you?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's good.
He is a soccer player. He is part of the Argentina national football team.
How are they doing this year?
I like to watch a lot of soccer, but I haven't heard of him. Is he a good player?
Yes, Shrek was written by Mike Myers and stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett, as well as Kelly Asbury
Yes, have you seen The Wedding Date? It stars Noah Huntley.
Ella Enchanted and Josh Brolin are in that movie, did you know that?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
The Wild Life starred Julia Roberts and Matthew McConaughey. Are you familiar with their work?
I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Silence, its more of adult young Fiction, she also write Fantasy and Romance whats your interest?
She also wrote Silence and Hush Hush
Hush hush is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
yes, it was directed by Nick Cassavetes
He also wrote Cars with Shelley Duvall
Zoe Zaldana and Channing Tatum also starred in the movie.
You as well!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
It is a martial arts film released in 2003. It is based on the true story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, among others.
Yes! Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
Would you like to hear about other adventure films like 21 Jump Street?
Ride Along stars Tom Hanks and Jodi Foster.
Glad to help out, anything else I can do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a young-adult fiction book. You might enjoy it because it is also speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it! The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Peter Hyams.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I don't have that information.
No problem!
Sure, she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That is a good one. Would you like to know about Claire Lamont?
Probably. Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was written by Jake Gyllenhaal?
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables. He is a famous author. Have you read it?
The genre is Thriller and Speculative Fiction. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a romance film also starred by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1946.
You're welcome. He also starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a favorite of mine.
My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Did you know he is also a singer?
Yes, he is. We Rode in Trucks isn't a comedy/drama. Have you seen it?
He has slipped my mind and has won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
Marlon Brando starred in Viva Zapata!, The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He's great in many movies. Especially The Young Lions is a drama.
I'd love to help! Viva Zapata is a drama, comedy, and drama. I've seen it and also watched Meryl Streep. Do you like her?
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Oh he did a great job, I know LeBron is from Los Angeles
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Ginnifer Lewis and Anthony Hopkins also starred in Machine Gun McCain. He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes she was in that as well as The Notebook.
Enjoy!
Drinks are an excellent book! It was written by Suzanne Collins. It's a romance novel.
I can tell you that Zoe Kravitz starred in it and also in The Lion King, which is a comedy.
I know that he also starred in The Storm and The Lion King.
Ok, great. I'll send it to you.
I will have to check it out. Gabourey Sidibe also starred in the movie A Guy Thing, which is a good movie
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
How about Zero Dark Thirty? It's a fantasy. It's a great one.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, can I help you with anything else?
It is a blockbuster starring Robert De Niro and David Bautista.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1877.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that yet?
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, or The Man from Snowy River.
Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke are also in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Peter Jackson actually starred in it as well. It is a crime fiction. Did you know it is also a drama?
Would you like to hear about other horror movies?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
I do like his music. Did you know he was from France?
I like his music but I don't know a lot about Love Takes Over.
I like him too. He has a nice voice, don't you think?
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a drama, do you like those kinds of movies?
Great, hope you enjoy it. Have a great day
You're Welcome! Have a wonderful day.
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
It came out in 2009 .
Besides Eminem, Ray Romano also starred in the movie 8 mile. It is a great movie.
Anytime!
Paul Pogba is a football player from Paris. Do you like football?
Yes that's true, that's right. Is that a sport you like?
I do like American football.
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I heard he is a great player.
Yes, He is one of my favorite authors. He wrote My Own Private Idaho, which is about James Patterson. Have you read it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did, and it also starred Joe Mantegna. I'm not sure if you've seen that one, but I'm sure you might like it.
Sure, do you like her books because she is an author or because she wrote Romance or Fiction?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you she also has a book called The Fault in Our Stars which is a book and was released in 1997
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she acted in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna. have you seen any of these?
It is a historical fiction like The Poisonwood Bible.
That book is a science fiction novel released in 2011 and stars John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
Those are great films. If you like Ashton Kutcher, you should check out Love and Other Impossible Pursuits starring Andrew Stanton.
Do you like this book because of it's author Charlaine Harris?
Then I highly recommend Dead to the World. It is a mystery novel by Charlaine Harris.
I haven't heard much about it but I know it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
I am not sure, but I know it was directed by Richard Condon
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I don't follow football that much. I do know they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XI. You like football?
Oh, I agree, they were runner up in Super Bowl XI, did you know that?
Yes, the Steelers won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Zodiac is also a thriller.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a great drama.
I do like hip hop. Did you know Tom Wulce starred in it?
I like alternative rock, like the Buffalo Bills and the Beatles. How about you?
I haven't seen that, but I will check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
I haven't read that. Did you know that John Green wrote it?
You are welcome!
Same here, I know it was released in 2013 and is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One, as well as Kelly Reilly
Anything else I can help you with today?
Not a problem
Sure. He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen that one?
It's a basketball team. How about you?
I can't wait to see the film! Would you like to know more?
No problem!
I have a recommendation: Rich or Die Tryin'
He also starred in Magic Mike. Have you seen that movie?
It came out in 2013. Would you like to see that movie?
You're welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz written by S.E. Hinton?
She has a spectacular voice! Do you like her music?
Yes, she's a great singer. I loved her in that Disney show. She did a great job on that show.
Oh yeah she is. I didn't know that. I love her acting.
Yes, that song was released in 2016. She's one of the most recent songs.
Great. I hope you like it.
It came out in 2004 and written by J.R.R. Tolkien
The next book in the series is Lord of the Flies.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan. It is a thriller. Does that interest you?
Yes, that is correct. I think David Moore was also in Batman. Have you seen that one?
Yes, James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays point guard. Do you like soccer?
I know very little about it. My favorite team is the Redskins, what's yours?
He plays the Midfielder, he is also a forward
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
In that case, you may like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you heard of those?
Do you need any other recommendation?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Bill Murray, Tom Wilkinson and Debi Derryberry. It's a great movie.
It is a romantic comedy, written by Paula Hawkins. It's a great movie.
I sure can, She starred in quite a few films actually, ranging from Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do you like Kill Bill Vol. 1?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2001. Do you like horror films?
I don't show any other actors but I know it was directed by David O Russell. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know any other actors in the Sky Crawlers, but I do know that Cindy Robinson also starred in the film Tinker Bell. Are you familiar with her?
Of course, you sure can!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in more in the series?
The Secret Life of Bees is also a fantasy. Have you read that one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I've heard that a lot of her music. I'm not really a fan, but I like Tik Tok and Die Young. Are you a fan of her?
I haven't heard that one, but I like Electronic Dance music too. Did you know she is also a singer?
She is from Nashville, so I've probably heard she's from a lot of places. I like her music.
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Kurt Wimmer. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars William Hurt and Eddie Redmayne, you might like it.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a star cast, including William Hurt and Ty Burrell, you should check it out!
I don't have that information. But he was born in Chicago and starred in The Green Mile. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, he also starred in the movie Aliens. Do you know that one?
It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate, another good movie.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth is a Mystery book written by Rick Riordan
It was released in 2014
Your Welcome
I agree with you. Didn't he play for Chicago Bulls?
I don't know the point guard. Is he a good player?
I've heard of it, I should check it out. I don't know much about it.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I'm a New York Giants fan. But, I like the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, you are right. I know he played for the Mexico national football team there.
Yeah, I like that movie too! It's such a poignant!
Would you like recommendations for other movies he's directed?
It's a thriller like The Mummy. If you like thrillers, you might also like The Scorpion King or The Mummy.
The Mummy is also a thriller, so you might like The Scorpion King or The Devil's Advocate. Both are excellent!
Yes, it's also a fantasy, but I'm not sure if you're interested in this genre.
No problem, hope you enjoy it!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something related to that?
Have you watched World War Z? It is a great one.
Also in that Indie Film, it is a Science Fiction Film. Have you seen it?
I don't really like it, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in it, and he wrote Valkyrie. Are you a fan of his?
You might enjoy the next in the series X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The most popular young adult fiction books are X-Men: First Class, Xenocide, and Wolf Brother.
Yes, it is. Another book by her is Tempted. I think you'll enjoy it.
Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Fantasy and Speculative Fiction. I would recommend that as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is written by Ernest Hemingway or because it is a war novel?
It's a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't really follow them. All I know about the Patriots is that they are owned by Tom Brady. Are you a Patriots fan?
Not really, I think they are doing well this year. They have a lot of good players like the Patriots. They're 4th in their division right now.
The wife's name is Joe Montana. I am not sure if she's married to Gisele. Maybe it's time to change that way.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in Paycheck.
Its a great movie. It starred Matt Damon and was a great movie.
Yes. Eli Craig directed it.
Okay. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Is it the Sci-Fi genre you prefer?
Have you seen Zodiac? its a great sci-fi movie.
it stars Robert Duvall, William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I don't know anything else he directed but I can give you information about Tom Cruise if you like.
I think Katy Perry is an amazing artist. I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Killing?
That is a good one, yes I did. She is a wonderful actress. She also starred in No Country for Old Men, which is a comedy.
Yes, I'm not a big fan of Russel Brand. I'm more of a drama fan. Would you like to see him in Zoolander?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, I like Magic Mike too. Did you know he is also an actor?
I know it was written by Anne Hathaway and stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Do you want to know more about it?
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on other movies he's starred in
I do recommend The Guardian Brothers. It is a great drama film.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
The most recent movie is always Going Solo and X-Men: Apocalypse.
The main lead in X-Men is Jennifer Lawrence, who was in The Wolverine, isn't it?
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zoom which is Science Fiction. He also directed that film.
Yes, Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he is both a writer and a Television producer.
No problem!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper are similar authors.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Dragon Keeper.
Sure, have you read The Dragon Keeper or The Dragon Keeper?
You are welcome!
Yes. He wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray was released in 1851. It's a pretty old book.
That came out in 1969.
Great!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah also wrote Crown of Midnight which is a thriller movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, there is One More Night starring Sarah J Maas. Have you seen it?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
Mark Boal wrote it! If you like Mark Boal, you should check out The Hurt Locker.
Do you want me to add this movie to your watch list?
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Me too, she's from Columbia isn't she? What sport do you like?
Certainly! Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
They are a professional american football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba but I don't really prefer American football. Do you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yeah, I didn't know that. Speaking of football, what other sports do you like?
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by this author or self-help books?
he also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm
That's the only year that released The Fault in Our Stars was released that year
thank you. Good luck!
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy the Choocolate Factory is a family movie
Yes, I have heard of him in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, a fantasy film and he has a great cast. Have you seen it?
He is a great actor, one of my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movies is Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to know more about that?
The Manchurian Candidate was a great one. You should check that out as well.
Yes, Prefontaine was a great film! Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Well if you like War films, I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird. That's a great choice.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do! She wrote The Passion of the Christ. Have you read that book?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great artist. Did you know he starred with John Lennon to write Yellow Submarine?
That is true. Did you know that he also plays the piano and the guitar?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yes, I think it was the MVP. Do you know who is your favorite player?
Yes, I believe he was.
The Island was directed by Michael Bay. Other movies like The Island include Captain America and Thrillers. Do those titles interest you?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might enjoy The Island, or The Stars My Destination.
It's a great movie. It's starring Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson, to name a few.
Glad to be of help
I love him in the action movie Harsh Times. What is your favorite movie?
Yes, he was also in National Treasure. Are you a fan of that one?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Scarlett Johannson, David Bowie, and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of this actor?
You're welcome!
I know that The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and it is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy books?
The throne of fire is the next book in the series
your welcome
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Brazil national football team.
I know they play in the National Football League. I am not a big football fan.
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote a book called Werewolf. Are you familiar with that one?
Yes it was in English, but it was in English. I am not sure about the title.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
thank you for letting me know.
I am not a huge basketball fan, I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like basketball. I used to play the point guard for the Houston Rockets while I was watching the Rockets. What sport do you like?
I don't know a whole lot. I do know that New York City is owned by Steve Kerr. Isn't he a good player?
He wrote Candide.
It was released in 1963. The same year as The Phantom Menace, which is another good musical theater movie.
He also wrote The House of Mirth and The Invisible Man. Have you read them?
You're welcome!
Of course! Winnie-the-Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. Would you like to know more?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Are you familiar with that one?
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great soccer player. Did you know he was from Liverpool?
Yes, Liverpool is a football team. Do you like soccer?
That's where the New England Patriots play. Do you enjoy soccer?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks, would you like to know more?
Occasionally, I like to watch the Seahawks. What is your favorite team?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
John Travolta also starred in Reign of Fire.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Real Madrid C.F. from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
It is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy?
Yes, he wrote The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.
I'm not sure.
The version was released in 2005 in Spanish.
No problem!
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Red Sox and the Red Sox?
They have a second win in a division right now. Are you a baseball fan?
Of course! The Mets are part of the American Football Conference. Are you a fan of the New York Mets?
I know they are a pretty good team. Are you a fan of them?
He was a killer. I'm not a big fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
No, I don't have a favorite player. What is yours?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I like her. She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like her work?
Trace is the only book I know by her, but it is similar to The Scarlett Letter.
Oh that's a great movie. I haven't seen it yet. Is that any good?
Yes he is! Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape. Have you seen that?
Jennifer Ehle also starred in it. She was also in She Hate Me.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les visiteurs. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is in the English film.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who does he play for?
Not so bad, wasn't he? I think he was from Ireland. Irish is such a fun place to visit.
Yup, I love their music. I prefer American Idol, did you know that?
Sure, Tron: Legacy was released in 2010 and stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise, who is in that?
It is an action movie, similar to Zombieland.
Well, there is also a sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is part of the series.
Okay, let me know if you need anything else!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I have the same genre.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito and is a thriller. Does that sound interesting to you?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I have not heard of her before. Is she a good singer?
Yes! And, she's from Nashville, too. I think you'll enjoy the song.
I like the Beatles and some of the Beatles.
Definitely! It's new too.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's a good read.
Sure, you might like The Fiery Cross or the Bone, written by Robert C. O'Brien.
Sure! He also wrote a book called A Beautiful Mind, which is a historical novel. It's a fantasy novel which is also considered a historical novel.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which it is a comedy. Do you like comedy
He also wrote X-Men 2 and Old School
Old School is a comedy. Enjoy
I can't think of any in particular. I just know a bit about Lebron James.
Yes, that is a great book written by Paulo Coelho and Robert Mark Kamen
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one?
Yes, she did. You'll like it. Enjoy!
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish. Would you like to read it?
Would you like to know more about the book?
There are so many to choose from! Let me know if you need anything else
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I can't find any information on her, but she did write Divergent. Would you like to know more about her?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The BFG is a good Family Movie. It is also a Walt Disney movie
You are welcome
Kevin McHale is one of their major players.
Stanley Kubrick was the runner up
I don't have information on Hardaway but I know he was drafted by the Chicago Bulls
I like Renaldo Balkman too , he is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008. It's considered a thriller and science fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie
I believe it is a crime fiction film, like That Thing You Do, have you seen the film?
I believe it was produced by Steven Spielberg
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
What is your favorite team? Can't say I am a fan of the Cowboys or Patriots.
What team does Randy Lerner play for the Houston Texans?
That's okay. I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Are you interested in those?
I don't have that information at this time but i can tell you he wrote alot of books
I'm not sure but it was released in 2013
I am not sure but I can tell you he also wrote the book
You're Welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
I believe it is a romance novel. Does that interest you?
Sure. A series of books by Saulius Dagys is Three Cups of Tea. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Yes, but first tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predators was directed by Neil Gaiman, who also directed Ocean's Eleven.
Next is Avengers: Age of Ultron.
I don't have the information and is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote Where the Heart Is. Do you like Drama books?
He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes it is. Did you know it was written by Kate Winslet?
Yes, she is! She is a great actress.
Yes! She was! That was a great film.
William Hurt was also in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall. Have you seen that one?
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Muppets and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also directed Scarlett Johansson, and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like their work?
Yes, it is science fiction. It's a great film.
No problem. Hope you enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
My favorite NFL team is the Redskins, what's yours?
I don't really follow them that much but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Did you know they lost to the Patriots today?
I like the Patriots. What do you think of them?
If you like Outlander, you should. It is written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xenocide is also a sci-fi movie. Have you seen that? It is also a sci-fi.
You're very welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
That's a great book. Then you might also like Truman, Gone Girl, or Gone Girl.
I also wrote a book called Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome
I haven't followed soccer in a while, but I believe they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I guess Jürgen Klinsmann also played for the German national football team. Are you a fan?
I know he also plays tennis, but I don't really know much about him.
Sure, One for the Money is a science fiction book written by Kirsten Dunst. Do you like crime fiction?
DIary is written by Meg Cabot. It was made into a movie and starred Emily Blunt.
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote The Twilight Diaries and she also wrote The Chemist.
Yes, she was, and there are some other writers for the series.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a slasher movie starring Denzel Washington.
She also was in Vampire Academy. Do you like that genre?
This is the End is a comedy-drama film. It's very funny.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like her?
Yes she did . Have you ever seen the show? It's mostly because it's a television show.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical drama. Do you like drama?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that.
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? It's a historical drama.
Well, it seems that he acted in that movie, would you like me to put it on?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in this actor ?
Angelina Jolie is great in that film. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did write the Box as well. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller. You should check it out.
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't already seen them.
Happy to help. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Do you like thrillers? Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
My pleasure. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, there are some and Go Ask Alice is a popular book by Beatrice Sparks . Have you read it?
It certainly is. Do you like dramas?
Anything else I can help with?
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
She was in a lot of action movies. You might enjoy Kick-Ass or X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
All About Steve is a comedy, drama, comedy, and action film.
Enjoy
Are you referring to John Green's other works?
Yes, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars, or Looking for Alaska.
If you enjoy reading young adult fiction, you might also enjoy the book Into the wild.
No problem, enjoy!
Outlander is a science fiction book. Are you interested in sci-fi?
It was released in 2013, the same year as The Land of the Unicorn.
That is a dystopian science fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she did write that
The Lola and the Boy Next Door is a mystery
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie, The Running Man, which is a science fiction film. Do you like that genre?
He also starred in the Wreck-It Ralph, which is a fantasy movie. But if you like Fantasy, you might enjoy Wag the Dog or The Mask.
Are you referring to Caroline Wozniacki who is a Danish tennis player?
Did you know she starred in the movie Serena?
Hair Show is a comedy.
Zach Snyder directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but it is a suspense film that stars Stephen McHattie and Stephen Dillane
Sure, it is a comedy, but the Watchmen is a thriller. Does that sound like a movie you would be interested in?
Sure, X-Men: First Class is also a science fiction movie, have you seen that?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House, if you haven't read that one.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. But it's next in the series is called The Golden Compass. If you haven't read that one, you should try it.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read those two yet.
Sure, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery book. Do you like those types of books?
It starred Winona Ryder and Daphne du Maurier.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Case Keenum starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Do you like any other teams?
The Bengals are coached by John Fox, what is your favorite team?
What sport do you like?
He's a great player. What sports do you like?
I know he's a soccer player from the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he plays Forward if you are interested in soccer.
Yes, that is right.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read that one?
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
Great, another science fiction book you might enjoy is Zoe's Tale.
You are correct! It was also made into a movie starring Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song One Time. Do you know it?
I like the song Love It. What about you?
Yes, I haven't heard that one yet, is it a recent release?
You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
It's about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
You are welcome!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
I know about the Wildcats. They are a team in the National Football League.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Oliver Platt and Johnny Depp. I'm not sure who starred in Zulu but I do know it was released in 1998.
Welcome. Enjoy
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
I'm not sure what else he has written, but you might like The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
No, I haven't read them all that it's a read. Sorry for that information.
I'm not sure of the exact year but I think it was released.
Absolutely! It's a great book written by Emma McLaughlin.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, a romance novel. Have you read those?
It was released in 1817. Would you like to read it?
Ok, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Michael Clayton. Are you a Tony Gilroy fan?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was a Lie. Both of those are Mystery movies.
The Red Violin was written by John Lennon and is considered a thriller and stars Amy Smart. Do you like that type of movie?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy.
