Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or a drama?
It was great! If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
The Hitman's Bodyguard starred Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like him?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure of the genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and stars Paul Werner.
She's been in a few of the movies including There's Something About Mary, Horrible Bosses.
I am not sure who else starred in it, but I know Ben Stiller was also in I Am Comic.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
No, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbyes, which is also a young adult book.
No, she did not. That's all I know about her.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Guard is considered Crime Fiction and Action Film. Do you like those genres?
I don't have that information, but The Guard is starring Don Cheadle as well as Don Cheadle. Have you seen any of these movies?
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't know any off the top of my head, but I do know a few players on the team. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he directed Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Pushing Tin was written by Mike Newell.
No problem!
Okay, enjoy!
I like him a lot, he's a good basketball player. What's your favorite team?
Yes I do. I like Steph Curry a lot. Who is your favorite player?
I don't really follow sports either. What sports do you like?
That's definitely a good sport to watch. I'm not a big American Football fan, but that's why I like it.
I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you? Who is your favorite player?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Do you like black comedy?
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2006 and is a sci-fi.
No problem, enjoy!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and State of the Union. Have you seen any of those?
He's in a lot of great Romance genres. Is that what you are looking for?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do. The Game is a thriller and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I like thrillers. I also like Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
I haven't seen any of them, but I do know that they are good. Have you seen any of them?
It was written by Meg Cabot. It has a genre of drama and comedy.
Brian Geragtly starred in the movie Mad Max. Did you know it was directed by Matt Damon?
Okay, have a great day!
I'm not sure of the genre, but it was released in 2004 and directed by David Fincher.
You are most welcome.
Yes, it is written by Laura Christensen and released in 1989.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
William Directed the Hunted, which is an action film. Do you like action?
The Hunted is a romantic comedy and The French Connection is starring Jamie Lee Curtis.
The Devil and Father is a horror movie starring Jamie Lee Curtis.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this?
Have you read Tender is the Night? That's a great one.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Surgeon. Have you read that one?
Sure! Do you like the clockwork genre or the genre?
I'm not sure, but she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't. I know it was written by David Benioff and David Benioff.
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Is that what interests you?
I'm going to add The Maze Runner to my watch list.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Butterfly Effect. Have you read it?
Yes, Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do like Madonna. I like her song What's Eating Gilbert Grape. What's your favorite song?
I'm not sure about that, but I know Madonna is a regular on TV, so I'd say it's more of a TV show.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in Scream 4 which is a TV show.
I think Suresh Raini is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Is he a good player?
I'm not sure about that. I don't really know anything about Cricket. Do you like Cricket?
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read that book?
what else can i do for you today?
The Mean Girls is starring Lorne Michaels. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a sports team.
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
You're welcome, enjoy the game!
Jonathan Levine wrote The Wackness, starring Paul Dano.
It's a romance film also starring Janet McConaughey.
Yes it was released in 2012
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2. Have you seen that one?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a thriller, stars Ralph Fiennes
Enjoy!
I don't think they are having a bad season but I do know that they are having a good season. Who's your favorite player?
I think Mike McCarthy will have a better season this year. I am not a huge fan of his orleans.
I agree, Aaron Rodgers has a great coaching history.
Sure! If you like Iron Man, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a great actor. He starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping?
I agree. Did you know that he wrote The Young Lions?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a thriller?
Trunk Music was written by Dean Koontz. He's a great writer.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Sure! Did you like Treasure Island because it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson or because it was a drama?
Have you read Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson?
You're welcome
I love her music. I am a big fan of her. She has a lot of talent in her songs, like High School Musical and Superbad. What about you?
I don't really know the music in the dance pop but I do know that David Guetta is from France. Do you like pop music?
I know some similar artists are David Guetta, David Guetta, Virginia Madsen and Virginia Madsen. Do you like them?
Sure! Something Borrowed is written by Nick Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
That's right. Would you like to know more about 2012?
I like thrillers like Shark Night and Shark Night. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Judd directed This is 40 as well as Knocked Up. Have you seen either of those?
Groundhog Day was produced by Joss Whedon, who also produced and produced that film.
Yes he did, and he also starred in a movie called Groundhog Day.
I'm not sure of that information, but he did write Year One, which is a comedy.
Sure! Vacation is a horror film starring Ryan Reynolds and Josh Brolin.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think he composed a song called Ready To go (get out of my mind), do you know it?
The Disco is a Thriller, do you like those types of music?
Yes, they have a lot of good music. Is there anything else I can help with?
I like him too, he is a great singer. I also like his song Whenever a Stranger Calls
I haven't read that one yet, but I heard it was good. I'm not sure what else I can help with.
I agree. Did you know that Matt Dillion starred in Zookeeper?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Willie Garson is also a great actor.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Have you read either of these?
Both are fiction and historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy the book!
Sure! Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. Do you like books by George Orwell?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, I do. Did you know she wrote The Color Purple which was also a book?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1851.
The genre is war film
Your welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it was a comedy or because it was an Action movie?
Have you seen the latest Korean movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm not sure if she's in any thriller movies, but I can recommend some other ones Where the Sidewalk Ends.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one that he starred in.
I don't have access to that information at this time but he produced The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Sure, Woody Allen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know about Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I know she was born in New York City.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, it was written by Steven Spielberg. It was released in 1990. Do you like him?
Yes, there was! Jurassic Park is a great movie!
Correct! Jurassic World was directed by Peter Buchman.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him?
I don't really know much about golf but I know he won a World Series.
I am not a big golf fan but I do know Adam Sandler is in that movie. What about you?
Sure! Do you like books written by J.R.R Tolkien?
I would also recommend The Bonesetter's Daughter, which is also in the fantasy genre.
That's right! The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that My Soul to Take is also a Horror film.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Did you like the movie because it was directed by Steven Spielberg or because it was a thriller?
Have you seen The Lost World: Jurassic Park? It's an animated sci-fi film.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is African-American film. He is born in New York City
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time. Anything else I can help you with?
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama film.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I like him, he's a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I know that Stuck on You is a romantic comedy, a comedy.
Stuck on You was a great movie. It was written and directed by David Fincher. It was a romance film. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
You might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did! He also produced the film, Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
I'll have to add that to your watch list.
Yes, Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like him?
Sure, I can recommend The Silence of the Lambs, which also came out in 2010. Have you seen that one?
Bats is a horror movie that was released in 2010. It's about a boy boy who moves to a small town and falls under the same genre as an animated film.
You're welcome!
He directed The Legend of Tarzan and the Invisible Man. Have you seen either of those?
Have you seen You've Got Mail? It's a great sci-fi flick.
Yes, he does. It's a great movie. I'll watch it now.
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Have you seen either of these?
Repo Men is written by David Fincher. Do you like thrillers?
He is also a great writer. He also wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room and The Vile Village
Sure, The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson.
Sure, The End was released in 2014 and is a romance film.
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes he does, he also has a son named Tip of My Tongue.
No I haven't, but I'll definitely give it a try.
I'll do that right away!
Noah Emmerich wrote Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you today?
If you like Windtalkers, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado. It is a drama.
I'm sorry I don't know who stars in Windtalkers. I'm sorry.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
I think he is a good athlete. Do you like him?
I don't really know much about football, I prefer American Football. How about you?
That's okay. What is your favorite sport to watch?
Sure. J.K. Rowling wrote both the Harry Potter book and the cursed child film
Jack Thorne is also in The Silkworm, have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them but I know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John Fox
I'm not sure, but I know they Colored Gold is Gray.
I believe they are in the same division as Warpaint. I'm more of a Steelers fan though.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I believe it was written by Jane Austen
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a good one.
Yes, I do. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like that genre. I'm more into American music. What's your favorite genre?
I can't recall any of his songs, but I do know that he's married to Cameron Diaz.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Boston Celtics.
I would not be surprised if they haven't won a game yet, but they haven't won a championship yet.
I don't think that was the final. I don't really know anything about the Timberwolves. I do know that they won a championship!
Christopher Nolan wrote the Prestige and Inception. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Fyodor Dostoysky wrote Relato de un náufrago
Yes, рестуление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление и накаление
Ok, but рестуление и накаление и накаление и накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление накаление  is now that I am not familiar with the
You are very welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books. Have you read them?
I'm sure you'll enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
I would suggest The Golden Compass or The Marvellous Land of Oz.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a Midfielder for the Midfielder.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that he is a Midfielder from West Germany.
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Borussia Dortmund team.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, A Corn of Thorns and Roses was written by Corn of Thorns and Roses. He also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, have you read that?
How about A Corn of Thorns and Roses by Sarah J. Maas? It's a great one!
I would also recommend the Taming of the Mt. Maas.
You're very welcome!
Sure! He directed A.E. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen that one?
That's right. Kate Winslet stars in the romance film Titanic. Kate Winslet is also in the Romance genre.
Titanic starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Madame Bovary is a romance novel?
You might also enjoy The Book of Eli which is also a romance novel. Have you read that one?
The Voyager is a romance novel and it is published in 2005.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you read either of those?
I like tennis better than Venus Williams. I think there are better than Venus and Serena better. Do you like tennis?
I agree. I think there are better than Venus and their sister Serena better.
I'm not sure but I know she has a sister named Serena Williams though.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's really cool. I'm more of a baseball fan. What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Then I would definitely be surprised if she won the LPGA Championship.
Sure! One of Sylvia Day's most famous work is The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of novels by Sylvia Day.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure of the genre of the Handmaid Tale, but I know she wrote The Handmaid Tale.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes he is a good athlete. He plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
The move Carlos is directed by Ronald Shusett. He also produced the thriller, Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
Of course! Untamed: A House of Night Novel was written by Thadious M. Davis, who also wrote The Last Days of Dogs. Have you read that one?
Tahereh Mafi wrote I am Malala
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
The World of Ice and Fire is a Fantasy Fiction novel written by George R.R. Martin. It was released in 2014.
If you like Fantasy, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. Have you read it?
It was released in 2016. Do you like speculative fiction?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Marc Forster directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
They are both Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
Kristen Connolly starred in Neverland. She is a great actress.
It was released in 2005 and is a romance film
Sure! Enjoy
You are welcome
Yes I do. He wrote A separate Peace which is a good novel.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's similar to Un Lun Dun, would you like to know more about it?
Absolutely!
The Waves is a good one. Have you read it?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
Pride and Prejudice is a good one. Have you read it?
Jane Austen wrote Wuthering Heights, and Wuthering Heights.
Sure! Did you enjoy The Giver because it was written by Lois Lowry or because it was a dystopian fiction?
Okay, maybe Wicked Lovely or When You Reach me.
You're welcome.
Did you enjoy it because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! If you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, you might also enjoy The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you seen that?
Have you seen the whole Harry Potter series? I haven't seen any outside of the series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mindy Kaling wrote Where the Side Walk Ends and Stay. Have you read either of those?
Sure, it is a comedy-drama film that was produced by Mindy Kaling
I am not sure, but Mindy Kaling also wrote Why Not Me.
Sure, enjoy!
Sure! Aylmer wrote оскресение and also оскресение.
Anna Karenina and Resurrection were both written by Maude. Would you like to read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Twits, which is genre fiction. Do you like fiction?
That movie stars Johnny Depp and Danny DeVito.
I don't have anything else on Red Riding Hood, but I can tell you she also directed The Lord of the Rings.
He is a soccer player from the United States of America. He plays the forward position.
He played for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. I don't know much about him.
Yes, he is a top midfielder for the season.
I haven't. I'm a big fan of speculative fiction like Locker. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes he was, along with Hurt Locker. Have you seen that one?
I liked the Walking Dead as well. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, I Heart Huckabees was written by Maria Semple. She also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Unfortunately, Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction.
Ok, I'll send it now. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in The Magician's Land, which also starred Tom Hanks.
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was adapted into a film starring Johnny Depp.
Well, if you're into Children's movies, you might enjoy The Rum Diary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm sure you'll enjoy them!
Yes I think they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Sure, some of the current players are Rene Russo and Cristiano Ronaldo. Are you a fan?
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read either of those?
I like to read a lot of thrillers. One of my favorites is Shark Night. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2015 and is a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Sure! The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman, who also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, they are the same type of television series.
You too!
I don't really know a lot about him. I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Not really. I'm more of a European Football fan. What about you?
That's pretty cool. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a great movie! It stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like his movies?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor, have you seen that one?
I would also recommend The Good Doctor, its a thriller, have you seen it?
Yes I do! The Death Cure is a science fiction book written by James Dashner.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is also a mystery novel.
That's a good one, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
Sure! Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read that?
I really liked Nanny Diaries. Did you know Emma MdLaughlin starred in X-Men 2?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure about that. I think he starred in a TV show called The Silkworm. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Daniel Radcliffe starred in The Casual Vacancy which is a TV show.
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in The Last Days of Dogs and The Bodyguard. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, Grindhouse was written by Robert Rodriguez. He also produced it. Have you seen it?
It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It stars Shailene Woodley.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Escape from New York is a great movie. He also starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who else starred in it, but I would love to give it a try.
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom
I would also recommend The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
I don't really know anything about tennis either. I do know that she is married to Serena Williams. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Serena has quite a bit so far. I am not a big tennis fan. Are you a tennis fan?
Wow, I didn't know that. Who is the owner of the Dolphins?
I don't really know a lot about soccer, I don't really know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. Do you follow soccer?
Yes. I believe he is a captain for the team. Anything else I can help you with?
I prefer American Football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I would! Home Alone is a great movie. It was written by John Hughes and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and the sequels is Home Alone. Home Alone has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You are welcome
Yes, he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard that one, I'm not a huge fan of his. Is that a type of music?
I haven't heard of that! Is she a good singer?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also starred in the Green Mile which is a crime fiction film
You're welcome!
Are you interested in books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Yes, if you like Ursula K. Le Guin, you might also enjoy The Subterraneans.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, he is also in The Transporter Refueled and The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen those?
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I'd suggest Undead and Unwed, then.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the Last Crusade because it is a Mystery?
The Last Crusade is a series of movies. have you seen the first one?
Rohit Sharma is an athlete, he plays Cricket Mumbai Indians team.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Rohit Sharma is from India.
I don't really know anything about Nagpur, would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he wrote Island. Have you read that one?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1994 and was written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote Island.
I don't know that information, but I know he's a good rapper.
I don't know the author but I know it was written by Christopher Nolan
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Minghellas. Have you read it?
The film is a mystery film and The Quiet American is a drama.
Without Remorse is a thriller, I believe you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloves, do you want to know more about these movies?
Science fiction
Matt Damon starred in the Thirteenth Floor along with Josh Brolin
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She wrote the whole Harry Potter series.
Did you like the Help because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, I think you will enjoy The Help. It's a romance film, so you might like it.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Proposal.
I know that she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film.
I haven't seen it yet, but I know she's a great actress. She's a great actress. She's also a musician, producer, and film producer. Have you seen it?
The Client is written by Nick Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Client is a psychological thriller and The Firm is a psychological thriller
The Client is written by John Grisham, have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about him other than he's a football player. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure of his skills but I know he is a Midfielder
I like American Football , what about you?
I like baseball as well, what about you?
Yes, I am a Packer fan as well
I'm not a big soccer fan, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I am more of a soccer fan, I prefer American Football. How about you?
I agree, they have a good coaching history, what do you think?
Did you like it because it was written by Joseph Conrad?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Zoombies is written by Luc Besson
Well, it was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthous.
Daniel Defoe also wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
I'm sorry I don't have that information but it was released in 1926.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I think she's a very talented singer. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2016?
No, I didn't, but I know she won Best Video for Call Me Maybe, did you know that?
I'm more of a fan of pop music. What about you?
Yes, he directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen that one?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like adventure films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, he wrote madame Bovary, which is romance. Do you like romance?
It's a romance novel. Do you like those genres?
Yes, you might also enjoy The Return of the King by Charles Dickens. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Where Rainbows End, which is a romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't. However, I can tell you that William H. Macy is also a writer.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
Ok, you might also enjoy The Return of the King by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's written The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I'm not sure of that information. But Joseph Conrad also wrote A Simple Tale.
I'm not sure about that. I can give you some information about Nostromo.
Sure! He wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
Have you read Hocus Pocus or House Rules? They are very good.
Robert Pattinson also wrote The Secret Life of Bees that you might like.
It was released in 1974. Would you like to know more about it?
No problem, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is written by Charles Dickens. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
He also wrote Jane Eyre and The Merchant of Venice. Have you read them?
I don't think so, but Jane Eyre was also adapted to the 2008 Summer Olympics. Have you seen it?
Have a great day!
Sure. That book was written by Malala Yousafzai, who won the Nobel Peace Prize. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
I'm not sure about other books written by Paulo Coelho, but I can tell you that he also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Thriller and Maktub is speculative fiction.
Yes, Coelho is also a writer. He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I think he is playing for the Boston Celtics. Do you like football?
I love sports. I am a Lakers fan. What about you?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be a good team to root for.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1988. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
I'll do that right away.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her books?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read that?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Beautiful Dark and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these yet?
Dream Dark is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
The Assassin's Blade is one of my favorites. She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld.
I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy them!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi novel. Do you like those types of books?
Kodi also starred in The Matrix. Would you like to know more about Kodi?
Dead Europe is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller and stars Artificial Intelligence. Do you like thrillers?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a drama film, have you seen it yet?
You are welcome have a great day and enjoy!
This is the End is a drama/mystery movie written by Evan Goldberg. Would you like to know more?
I can't think of any Psychological thrillers but I can recommend some other movies if you're interested
I'm not sure who else stars in the movie, but I do know it was released in 2005
Do you like the movie because it is a war movie or because it is a war movie?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Have you read those?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2016 and was written by Suzanne Collins. Are you a fan of hers?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team. Did you know their coach is John Fox?
He was in the movie The Matrix. Did you see it?
I'm not sure about that, but Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Do you like Jim Carrey? He stars in The Matrix.
It was written by Steve Carell and stars Harrison Ford. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure of the genre, but I know it was a war film.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Yes, I can. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are most welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a drama?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs. Have you heard of that one?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Xander Berkeley. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson does a great job on The Help.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in The Help and Get on the Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? He's in that genre.
Harrison Ford is the main character who plays the lead. If you are a Harrison Ford fan, the most famous would be the Dodgers!
Harrison Ford also starred in the Star Wars movie, The Empire Strikes Back, as well.
It's a fiction novel by Paula McLain. Do you like her work?
She also wrote Circling the Sun that I enjoyed. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that one, but I know it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure it's current but it's in the fiction genre.
No problem, enjoy!
She starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that?
That is a good one, have you seen Back to the Future Part II?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Lea Thompson is a great actor.
Great, I would also recommend The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Marlon Brando. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, she starred in Apocalypse Now, as well as The Godfather.
That's right! The Godfather 2 was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
He wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't really know any other Romance novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was released in 2004 and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he is a great athlete. He plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco is also a teacher and a teacher.
Sure! The Velveteen Rabbit is written by William Nicholson, have you read it?
The author is J.K. Rowling.
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
Yes I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I haven't. Who is your favorite player? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm sure it was a lot of fun to watch but it was a lot of fun to watch. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Dan Scanlon starred in Monsters University, which is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Niccol Machiavelli. Have you read it?
The Prince is a historical fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book.
Yes, I do! He's a great singer and song writer. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I like his music a lot. I am a huge fan of a lot of Latin music but not as much as I get to.
I like his music a lot and I think I'll have to check out some of his music
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Murder by Death
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Have you read either of these?
No problem, I'm happy to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an excellent book. Other biographies I can recommend are; The Longest Yard, The Long Goodbye, and The Lowland. Have you read those?
It's written by Rebecca Wells and is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of books?
It's written by Harold Ramis and is about a boy born into a woman. Does that help?
I think she's a great singer but I'm not a big fan of her. What do you think of her song?
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, how about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a rock fan myself.
She starred in The Princess Diaries. Did you know she was also in The Princess Diaries?
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges, Jeff Bridges, and Jeff Bridges. Do you like any of these actors?
Of course! Coming of Age is a drama film that also stars Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen that one, but I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is an excellent movie.
You as well!
Sure! Have you read The Old Curiosity Shop? It's one of my favorites.
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1851 and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm not sure how many of his books are written, but I can definitely recommend some of his works.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read that one?
Sure, Marley & me was written by John Grogan. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror movies?
No, I am not a fan of the genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, it was directed by Wes Craven and also directed by Wes Craven.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in The Expedables. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Redbelt is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Cassandra Clare?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, City of Bones is Cassandra Clare who wrote The Mortal Instruments.
Okay. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
I don't have that information but it was directed by Robert De Niro.
I don't really know much about him other than he competed for a Table Tennis Team. Do you follow him?
That's pretty cool! Do you know who won the gold medal?
I like to watch swimmers. How about you?
What a lot of fun!
Yes, Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Joel Coen. Do you like him?
It's a Romance film. If you like that genre, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
He directed The Skulls starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Skulls, but I can tell you that it is a drama film.
You're welcome.
Yes, I know they are a soccer team, coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I believe it to be coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you know anything about soccer?
Yes, Thomas van Gaal was the coach.
I don't really know much about him except that he is a musician. Do you like him?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in Million Dollar Baby
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen either of those?
The Tourist is a Tourist drama film. Do you like those types of films?
I am not sure who starred in The Tourist but I know that it is a drama film.
I am not sure of that, but I know it was released in 2005.
The Tourist was written by Charlize Theron. I'll have to give it a try.
I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. I think Coach Steve Kerr is a great coach. What's your favorite team?
Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yeah, that's too bad. I'm more of a steelers fan myself.
Jane Eyre wrote The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way. Would you like to know more?
Jane Eyre is also a Romance novel
Then you might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea
Yes, I think he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I like to watch college football. I'm a big football fan. What about you?
No I didn't. I'm not a big fan of Canadian.
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a tragicomedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It was written by James Frey and speculative fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Sure! The novel A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that James Frey has directed a number of films that I can recommend.
Richard Andrews is a great author. He wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
1600. Have you read the Winter's Tale?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The Tragical Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is part of that series
Sure. I'll do that right away.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes Thomas Muller plays as a midfielder for Real Madrid and the German national team.
Not really but I do know a lot about American Football, do you follow soccer?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't really know much about him.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really know a lot about tennis but Roger Federer was born in Basel.
Is she the singer/musician that did Call Me Maybe?
No, I didn't. What a title! I don't really know she won?
That's right. I'm not sure if she's signed anything else, but she did write Call Me Maybe right now.
Do you like the movie Jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, he was also in Jaws 2 as well.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen those?
Amelie is written by French Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he starred in The Shawshank Redemption, which is a thriller.
The skulls genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The skulls was written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
I would also recommend you to watch the thriller Mysteries.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information
You're welcome
I don't really know much about them except they are coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
I don't really know a lot about football but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like to watch college football. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I think they are a good band. I especially like their music. How about you?
I can't remember if that is true, but I do know some of their music. Do you like hip hop?
I haven't heard of that one, but I know some of their music. I heard they do a lot of good reviews.
Yes, I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes they did! They have a good coach, Jim Caldwell. They're a good team though.
Tom Brady is a great owner. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Murder by Death
Then you might also enjoy Utterly Cold Blood by Truman Capote. Have you read that?
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure! Did you like it because it was fantasy or because it was written by Seth MacFarlane or because it was fantasy?
Yes it is. The Cat is another one you might like.
Sure, have you seen Shark Night? That stars Katharine McPhee
I don't know much about them but they are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z.
I like to watch basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, how about you?
The Book of Eli is a fantasy, a war film. If you like that genre, you might also enjoy The Rising. Have you seen that one?
She was in Mila, a crime drama film. She was born in New York City.
Ashton Kutcher was in that as well, along with her sister Serena.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. It's a drama that also stars Robert De Niro.
I don't remember. I don't think I've seen that movie.
Yes I do. I like Orlando Bloom, who is my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean. What about you?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It's also fantasy.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Yes, I can! He also starred in Wolverine, which is a thriller.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Waiting is starring Ryan Reynolds.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
True Grit is a movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Sure, Matt Damon starred in True Grit, and The People Speak. He also starred in The People Speak. Have you seen those?
He's been in some great action movies! I think his best movie is The People Speak, which is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He also directed Apocalypse Now, which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2014 and directed by Richard Linklater. Have you seen this movie yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Have you seen it?
I am not sure of the genre, but I can tell you it is a drama.
You might enjoy The Matrix or The Matrix.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Tom Hanks.
I think they are a sports team. I don't really follow sports but I do know they are a sports team.
I like them too! Do you have a favorite football team?
Oh wow, that's pretty cool. Thanks for the information!
Sure! One of my favorites is The Interview. Have you seen it yet?
The End stars Seth Rogen, James Franco, and James Franco.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End.
He also directed The White Queen, which is a fantasy film.
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Ray Winstone. The Son of No One is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Young-adult fiction. Is that what interests you or are you interested in more of that genre?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that?
No problem!
You might also enjoy The Black Dahlia. Have you seen that one?
She was in the Lion King. Have you seen that?
I would recommend The Lion King. It is a war film.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
It's a Thriller.
Sure! I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
I don't either, but I know Fabrio Capello is also a Midfielder. Do you follow soccer ?
I am more of a American Football fan. What about you? What about you?
Yes, he is great. He also produced Superman Returns. Have you seen that one?
I haven't heard much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I'll have to check that out. What's your favorite song from South Korea?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that they are based in Seoul.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and The Social Network. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure, but Wild Bill also starred Jason Flemyng.
No problem, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a drama or a crime movie?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Damned Unite. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I don't know, but I do know that he is also a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Chelsea.
Yes, I know that Ziggy Marley starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about Ziggy Marley?
Sure, Ziggy Marley has starred in Jumanji, and he also in Jumanji. Have you seen any of these?
She starred in Terminator 2 a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a Science Fiction Film. Do you like science fiction movies?
I would suggest The Fault in Our Stars, or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
Yes, Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
I think you'll enjoy it. Thanks!
I have not, but I know he is from New York City. Have you read any of his books?
That's a good one to read! I highly recommend it.
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
I am not sure about that. I would say science fiction books are my favorite.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's good.
Yes, Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin in the lead. Do you like their music?
Sure, The Escapist is a drama and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes I can tell you more about the music in the late 1800's and also the Beatles.
She wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 is the same year that The Invisible Man was released.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I can give it a try!
You're very welcome!
I am not a big fan of basketball. Is he your favorite player?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No I haven't. Who isn't who is on the TV show?
Quentin Tarantino wrote the thriller Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rob Zombie and co-written by Robert Rodriguez.
Sure! He starred in The Fault in Our Stars, which is a thriller.
Do you like Big Fish because it is an adventure movie or because it is starring Tim Allen?
Yes, he has starred in The Matrix and The Matrix.
Yes, have you seen The Proposal or The Matrix?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Phil LaMarr wrote The Miracle of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen that?
Sure, Zambezia has a great cast of actors like Rosario Dawson, Michael Fassbender, and Gerard Butler. Do any of these actors sound interesting to you?
I'm sorry I don't have information about the genre of this movie, would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy the movies!
The Nets are a basketball team. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Me too! That's a great movie by Glenn Plummer. Have you seen it?
He was also in the Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
It is an action movie directed by Ken Follett. If you like action movies you should check it out.
Sure! Similar books in that genre are; This Lullaby, This Lullaby, This Lullaby, and The Giver.
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is also a romance novel
Sure, have a great day
She is a tennis player. She was born in Mumbai. Do you like tennis?
Not really, but I know she is a tennis player from Mumbai.
I hope they have a better season this year!
He starred in Looking for Richard. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't think so, but Shark Night is a thriller that Al Pacino stars in.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by David Benioff and is a satire. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a very talented singer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
Yes, Jar of Hearts has a genre of memoir. Do you like those types of music?
I'm not sure about that but I know it was a good song.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I haven't seen him in a movie, but I know he starred in a movie called Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen it?
Yes, Zero Dark Thirty is a crime fiction movie. I would also recommend The Bourne Ultimatum.
No, Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen them?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is written by Wes Anderson. It stars Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. Do you like animated movies?
Sure. How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade? That's a great one.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added. I hope you enjoy them!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is the Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Brazil national team.
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. It's a romance film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne and stars William Nicholson.
Yes, Leo wrote Boyhood.
I'm not sure of that information. However, Leo wrote Tolstoy, which is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you read The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner? It's a great book.
Yes she is a great author. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
You're welcome
Sure, The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and is a biographical film. Do you like biographical films?
Sure, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network, a Biographical Film.
Yes, The Social Network is a Science Fiction Film that also starred Drew Barrymore, Holden Scott
You're welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
I would recommend Watership Down.
Okay, if you like Zadie Smith, I would recommend A Midsummer Night's Dream.
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
It stars John Carpenter and is considered science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
She's amazing. I'll have to add that one to your watch list.
Escape from New York is a sci-fi film.
Lord of the Rings is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you want to know more about the Lord of the Ring?
Women in Love was written by J.R.R Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Sure! The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger, Total Recall
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction piece written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
You might enjoy The Maze Runner series as well. Have you read that one yet?
Yes. It's also part of a series. The next book is The Maze Runner. Have you read that?
You might enjoy The Maze Runner. The Maze Runner was also written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama.
Swarup was released in 2011
No problem, enjoy!
Yes I do! He wrote The Hobbit. Have you read it?
Aidan Turner also wrote The Hobbit.
The genre is fiction
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bone
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
BFG was written by Roald Dahl who also wrote Sci-Fiction. Have you read that?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are also Speculative fiction.
I believe it is. Anything else I can help you with?
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. The only information I have on The Goldfinch is related to a novel released in 2013.
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
I believe that Dinna Tarrt is from the United States of America
Glad to be of help
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote The Ship of Brides
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, it is written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did and that was a great movie. Did you know he also starred in Paper Towns?
I'm not sure about that. Can I help you with anything else?
How about The Fault in Our Stars? It's a young-adult fiction.
Sure! F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure how to answer that. However, I can tell you that F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The Goon is a great movie starring Jack Black. It was released in 2015 if you like his movies.
The Goon is starring Jack Black. He also starred in The Black Hat
No problem enjoy!
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro. It is a speculative fiction novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you more about the movie if you're interested.
The Golden Compass is a good one as well. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes they did. George Carlin also starred in The Good Doctor.
Yes the Vampire Chronicles was written by Michael York
Yes, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. Have you read it?
I haven't had a chance to read it yet, I know nothing about it. But I know it was written by Frédéric Mugler.
I haven't seen the TV dramas I've heard good reviews about.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Godfather II. Have you seen that one?
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Into the Wild was made into a movie starring Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about it?
He was in Into the Wild with Sean Penn. have you seen it yet?
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in I, Robot?
Yes, he directed The Damned United and The King's Speech
Sure, one of my favorites is The Invisible Man, have you seen that one?
Okay, have a great day!
I think he is a great singer, songwriter, and musician. Do you like his music?
I don't like her, but I like her in Lord of the Flies. What about you?
I would have to agree. I'm more of a Taylor Swift fan. I like her. How about you?
I'm sure about that. I'm sure they will love it.
I don't know a whole lot but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They won the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The author is J.R.R Tolkien
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Roy has written The God of Small Things. Have you read that one yet?
It's a drama, do you like those kinds of books?
Yes,It was directed by David Fincher
Is there anything else I can help with?
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Its written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction
what else can i answer today?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Dracula
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula. Do you like her work?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner.
You are welcome, have a great day!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R Tolkien. what else can i do for you?
Sure. The Good Doctor was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I like the Houston Texans, they're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think?
Yeah, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Emily Bronte, who also starred in Wuthering Heights.
I'm not sure of the release date of Wuthering Heights, but I do know Saffron Burrows was released in 1847
Sure! Wuthering Heights was released in 1847 and was written by Emily Bronte. It's a romance film.
She wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Waves is also Historical period drama.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She has won a lot of medals and also a few titles. She is married to Serena Williams and Venus Williams.
Oh, that's very cool. What a sport to watch!
Wow, I didn't know he is a player, right? I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure! It is written by Laura Christensen and released in 1989. Have you read it?
In 1989  1.  was also released bya Márquez.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like the writer, Scarlett Johansson or the genre, or the actors?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2014
Your welcome
Sure! Similar movies like Crazy, Stupid, Love are; Get Real and Crazy, Love. Have you seen any of those?
Ok. If you're into romance films, you might enjoy The Frog or The Underneath or The Underneath, then.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read that one yet?
The Stand was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
The Dead Zone has genre Thriller, do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in the Romantic Comedy Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Most of them were released in the 90's.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like speculative fiction?
I'm not sure, but Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 is in the mystery genre.
I don't have that information right now but I can tell you that The Return is starring Pierre Perrier.
I don't really know much about them but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll and owned by Paul Allen. Do you like them?
I would say it's like the Seahawks. They're having a heck of a season but they're having a heck of a season this year
I'm not too sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! He also wrote Milkweed, Maniac Magee, and Wicked Lovely.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction book, it was written by Melissa Marr.
I think he is a great athlete, but I don't really know much about him. What about you?
I don't know of any tennis players, but I do know he has a record of number 1 in total.
I agree. I like Roger Federer more than Rafael Nadal.
Sure! Mary GrandPre wrote The Shadow Rising and The The Dark Knight. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Do you like it because it was written by Liane Moriarty or because it was an adventure movie?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that she did write Big Little Lies.
No problem, I am glad I could help.
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, but I prefer Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks
They seem to be having a good season so far!
I don't think so, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think?
Yes! He starred in The Usual Suspects, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these movies?
There is X-Men 2 written by Stan Lee who also starred in The Usual Suspects.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth. Would you like to know more?
Sure! Elizabeth Sherrill wrote God's Smuggler. Have you read that?
The Hiding Place is a Autobiographical novel and was released in 2016. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might also enjoy "The Warrior" if you're interested.
Ok, have a good day!
Ok, enjoy!
Phil Lord directed 22 Jump Street, have you seen it?
I don't know who starred in that movie, but Phil Lord wrote that movie.
I'm not sure if he was in any comedies, but I do know that Channing Tatum was also in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Would you like to know more about adventure films?
Yes, she's also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen World War Z? It stars Jeff Bridges.
Zombieland is starring Jack Black, who also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
I don't know what year it was released, Is it anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Dogs, and The Boston Girl. Have you read any of these?
Another good read would be The Last Days of Dogtown. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare, who also wrote The Virgin Suicides.
Yes, have you read Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld?
Yes, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway, would you like to know more?
To Have and Have Not was released in 1989. It is a Children's Literature and a Speculative Fiction Novel.
Sure, Groundhog Day was written by Bill Bryson. He also produced and starred in The Last Samurai.
It has a big name actors such as Nicholas Cage, Bill Cobbs, and Tim Robbins.
Yes he was a great actor
your welcome
I think they are a good band. I especially like their music. How about you?
Sure, Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, it is a great movie. You may also like The Hunger Games or The Matrix.
Yes she was, she also starred in the movie.
Sure! He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Micmacs is a popular movie starring Yossie J. Do you like Yossib's movies?
I am not sure of his career but I can tell you he is a comedian.
Don't mention it
The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman.
No problem, enjoy!
James Franco is one of the stars in No Country for Old Men.
He's been in a lot of good movies. I can't find any other movies that he's starred in, though.
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information right now.
Do you like the Dictator because it is a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I am not sure about that. I do know he is a spy movie.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Sure! He also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
No problem, enjoy!
I do too! He's a great author. He wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read it?
Yes he was. Dumas wrote the Count of Monte Cristo. He also wrote The Dumas.
Well, if you like novels, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote the book The Legend of Tarzan. Have you read it?
Yes, it is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I haven't, but I know Peter Capaldi starred in X-Men 2. Do you like X-Men 2?
I think you will enjoy it!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that but she also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read that one?
I think you'll enjoy it. Enjoy!
Have you seen the whole Hunger Games: Catching Fire?
Shark Night is another thriller that stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, he wrote Wicked which is a very good book.
Walking Disaster is a Young-adult fiction book. It was released in 1995.
I don't really like murder mystery, but it was written by John Malkovich
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! The Matrix Reloaded is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might enjoy The Matrix or The Matrix.
Both Jason Priestley and Billy Crudup star in that movie. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. She composed You Lost Me.
Yes she did. She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year award.
Ok, and she sings pop music as well. Do you like country music?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix. She was also in The Matrix.
Okay, then I would recommend Speed Racer if you like romance.
I'm not sure about that, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Speed Racer.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction books
She also wrote The Velveteen Rabbit. Have you read that one yet?
It was written by Richelle Mead, it is considered a Fantasy and speculative fiction, have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Litigators
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a thriller?
The Lego Movie is a great movie! Do you like it because it stars Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie, Where the Wild Things Are, and The World's End. Are those of interest?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
He starred in Ted. Have you seen that?
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Prometheus, have you read that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now but I can tell you more about The Modern Prometheus.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
It was released in 1856, but I don't know what year it was released. I don't know if I'm more into romance. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary
Yes, I know they are coached by John Fox. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about football but I know the Dallas Cowboys are coached by Mike Richardson. Do you know anything about football?
I love sports. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story 2.
Toy Story 2 and Toy Story 3.
I hope you like it!
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't really watch sports either. But I know if I'm a big fan of the NBA.
I'm a basketball fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Sure! It's a science fiction film that also stars Tom Hanks.
William Sanderson also starred in Warbreaker. Have you seen that one?
I agree, The Rocketeer is a great family movie. It also has a little bit of drama in it.
That's a great movie! It was written by Ken Daurio. It was released in 1997.
Me, too! If you liked Di Caprio, you might also enjoy The Wolf of Wall Street.
I would also recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
Yes, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point and The Missing. Have you seen any of those?
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama, similar to Dillane.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Did you enjoy Law Abiding Citizen because it was written by Kurt Wimmer or because it was a psychological thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Lawnmower Man or The Matrix.
Have you seen Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt? It is a psychological thriller.
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Steven Spielberg or because it was starring Tom Hanks?
Have you seen the fifth element or the fifth element?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I am a huge fan of her music. My favorite song of hers is What About You. Have you heard of it?
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know that she has a good voice. I'm a huge fan of Taylor Swift, how about you?
Yes, Lady Gaga is a great song. I also like her song I Don't Need You.
Sure! He wrote The Virgin Queen. Have you read that one yet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that it was translated in Spanish.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogs. Have you read either of those?
It's fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
No problem
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery. Do you like Sean Connery or Tom Cruise?
Capone is a history movie. Another example of this genre is The World's End.
It is a great movie written by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Al Pacino.
It stars Robert De Niro and Marlon Brando
Glad to be of help
Yes, it is written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Silence
I am sorry I don't have that information
Sure, have you watch Slasher its Drama movie?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can give you other recommendations?
Sure, anything else?
Sure! She wrote Beautiful Darkness and Beautiful Darkness. Are you familiar with those?
It's a romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure if it would qualify, but I know some other romance novels like This Side of Paradise and Where Rainbows End.
No problem, I'm glad she could help! I hope she enjoy it!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy genre?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a fantasy movie you might enjoy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now but I know it was directed by Terry Goodkind. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is romance novel, do you like romance novels?
Voyager is written by David Benioff
No problem
Yes I have. Do you like her because she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn?
I believe it was in 1927
Yes it was
I am a big fan of the Belgium national football team. How about you?
I didn't know that. What team is the team?
I am more of a baseball fan. What about baseball, what about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen either of those?
I have not, but I know that David Fincher won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year award.
Yes, David Fincher starred in Full Frontal and The MTV Video Music Award, which is a popular film.
Yes he was in Shackleton, Winged Creatures, and Thirteen to name a few.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It was released in 2002.
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Identity. Have you read that?
He writes in many genres including Speculative fiction, science fiction, and children's literature.
I would recommend Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome.
Sure! She wrote Xenocide and The Assassin's Blade. Are you familiar with either of those?
I don't really know a whole lot but I know they're in English. I'd have to read them now. They are a good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great movie starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
I'm not sure about Emma Stone, but Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
That's right! Andrew Garfield also starred in The Social Network. He's a great actor.
You're very welcome!
I know that he wrote the book called Things Fall Apart.
Have you read Wrath of the Titans or The Titan's Curse?
No, I did not see it. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome have a great day!
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in that movie.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Monica Potter, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a huge fan of The Weekend but I do know that they are coached by Mike White and Jamie Lee Curtis. Do you like them?
Alright. Isn't Echoes of Silence a thriller? Do you like thrillers?
Yeah, they have a good song too!
I think it is a good book written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like thriller movies, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
I'm not sure of the year it was released, but it was directed by John Grisham.
I would highly recommend it, it's a very good read!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a children's literature that was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are some of the books that are similar.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Seuss.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes I love Adam Levine. I also like his song Maroon 5. Do you like him?
I do like that song. Do you know if Adam Levine acted in any other shows?
I do like the X Factor. I also like the song X Factor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read either of those?
You might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, which is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes it does
I am not sure of the release date
Anthony Hopkins he also starred in Adam Levine
you are welcome
Did you know he wrote The Graveyard Book?
Yes, that's right, he wrote that as well.
I can't find any information on that, but I can tell you that Dave McKean was a musician who also starred in The Absolute Sandman.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature as well as mystery. I would suggest that one as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants movie, which also starred Sarah Silverman.
Ok. I'll do that right away!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Vivica A. Fox is a great actress. Did you know she starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Yes, he is in Pulp Fiction as well. If you like his movies, maybe you should check out Zombieland.
I know they are a pretty good team. I think the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about him, I don't really know much about him. Is he a good player?
I don't know too much about him but I do know he passed away in Tampa. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Of course, have you seen The Apostle? It's a Historical period drama.
Yes, she sings a song called Jar of Hearts. Do you like her music?
no i didnt. do you like her?
Wayman is okay. do you like to watch basketball?
you are very welcome have a good one!
I don't really know much about him but I do know he is married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her music?
I don't really know anything about his music, but I do know he had a relationship with Cameron Diaz, Michelle Pfeiffer and Justin Timberlake song.
That's a good one, too. I'm more of a Justin Timberlake fan, either. What do you think?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that he wrote The Fellowship of the Ring.
Christopher Lee also starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Ok. Some of my favorites are The Titan's Curse and The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that?
The Simpsons Movie has a little bit of drama, so I think you might like it.
You might also enjoy The Simpsons Movie. He directed that as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Are you into Musical Theatres?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that she wrote a book called Wicked.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mhari Calvery wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you read it?
Robert De Niro also starred in it. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Mel Gibson also starred in Apocalypse Now
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you seen that?
Yes, The Bone Clocks is in the English language. It's also in the English language.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information. However, it's in the English language.
No problem!
Yes, he directed Super 8 which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Super was a great movie! It's a thriller and stars Eddie Murphy. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Zach Gilford starred in The Green Mile, which is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
Okay, enjoy!
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that it was published in 1606.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is written by Paul Werstine.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I love science fiction movies! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I haven't. I'm not sure if he's in it or not. I'm more of a thriller fan.
OK, have a good day!
You're welcome!
I am not sure of his last album, but I do know he composed The New York Times Best Sellers' Last Album.
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know a lot about him, but I know that he has a nice voice. I'm not sure if he's like them, but I can check if you would like.
I like them both. I am more of a rock fan. How about you, how about you?
Yes, David McDuff wrote рестуление и накаание and рестуление и накаание.
It was released in 1867
Children Literature
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Mixed Martial Artist.
I don't know much about him either, but I know that he also plays for the Brazilian national team.
I'm not sure of that, but I know she's from San Francisco.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
He wrote Infinite Jest, which is also a Science of Time.
Robert De Niro is also in it as well. It's a History of Time.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What about you?
Under the Tuscan Sun is written by Frances Mayes.
Under Magnolia was released in 1996.
Under Magnolia was released in 1996.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of those?
The Pacifier is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a Drama. Do you like Drama films?
You're welcome!
Sure! City of God is starring Cassandra Clare. Do you enjoy Crime Fiction movies?
The Escapist is a thriller and stars Orlando Bloom. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I don't know of any other films he's starred in. But I can recommend some other great thrillers.
Sure! He wrote Thirteen. Have you read that one?
The Short Second Life is a great book. I would also recommend "Young Forever".
You can check out The Subterraneans, it is part of a series.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 1996.
I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes she did. The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
You are very welcome. I am glad I could help.
Sure! The Historian was written by Christopher Nolan. It stars Tom Wilkinson. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about suspense but I know it was written by William H. Macy. Who also wrote Without Fail.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Oscar Wilde. It is also a thriller.
You're very welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a young-adult fiction or because it was a young-adult fiction?
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama film. It's based on the true story of Hodgson Burnett, who also starred in the movie.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was written by Roberto Orci?
The Ghost is a Drama and the Darkness is part of the series.
Yes, he is the one that stars Val Kilmer as well.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, he directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she also starred in the movie
They also wrote Lolita, have you seen that?
You're Welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan. It is part of Greek mythology.
I'm sure you'd love it! It was written by Rick Riordan as well.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't really know a lot about music but I know that he does a little bit of music . I'm not a huge fan of music but I do know that he's married to Selena Gomez who I like.
Did you mean the Muppets movie that he starred in?
That's a great movie! He also starred in The Muppets! Have you seen that one?
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
Do you like Will Smith because it's a thriller?
Yes, he's also in it. He's a great actor. He's also in Love Actually. Have you seen it?
Sure! He starred in Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
I think you'd enjoy it, it's a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think You've Got Mail is a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it, it's a great movie.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. He also directed This is the End. Have you seen that one?
Great, have a great day!
I'm not sure if this is the end, but it's comedy.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Pilgrimage. Have you read that?
Yes, The Karate Kid also starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that?
That is a great movie, as well as Kiera Knightley. It is a martial arts film.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby.
You're welcome!
Sure! If you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen that one?
They are adventure movies like the Goodbyes
Do you like the movie because of the author J.K. Rowling?
I am not sure, but I know that the first movie is in the series
No,I don't
Ok glad i could help
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Shelters of Stone?
Sure! The Shelters of Stone is a Young-adult fiction book that was released in 1993.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is speculative fiction. Is that what interests you?
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and in The Proposal. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry I don't know who else starred in Unforgivable Blackness
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Big Bang Theory. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, that is a great movie!
Yes, I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
No, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you? What about you?
I don't really like tennis but I do know a lot about tennis. I am more of a golf fan.
Yes, I agree. What sport do you like to watch?
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't really know much about him. How about you?
Yeah, I like Michael Jordan too! He's a great player. I really liked Space Jam.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but they are having a heck of a season this year
Sure! The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Lightning is speculative fiction
The Lightning Lightning is also part of the series
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read that?
This Side of Paradise was originally published in 1851. Have you read it?
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read either of those yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Robin Cook is a drama writer from the United States.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure but it was written by Brad Pitt too. He also produced The Incredibles.
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Snows of Kilimanjaro.
You are so welcome, enjoy!
Great Expectations and David Copperfield are two of my favorites.
Yes, it is a biography
Sure, he also wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Sure. Ed Sheeran wrote What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Pretty Little Liars. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that. I don't think I've heard it though
I don't really know a song by him, can I help you with anything else?
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner who also wrote The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Thief of Always.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie that was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you know who wrote the Lord of the Rings?
Then you might enjoy The Return of the King or The Lord of the Rings.
I haven't heard much about him, but I'd love to learn more about him. What can I do for you?
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like books by Arthur Conan Doyle?
Great! He also wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes and The Problem of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
I am not sure if it is, but The Return of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins?
The Girl on the Train was written by Nick Cassandra Clare.
I'm not sure if there are any other films filmed in Mexico but The Girl on the Train is a docudrama film.
Yes I do. I love his music. I am a huge fan of his. I like his song The Secret Life of Bees. What about you?
I like Lenny Kravitz, he is a great artist. I watched her in The Human Stain. What about you?
I do like her music. I also like her song I Don't Want This Night to End.
Yes I do. He starred in The Blob and The Scorpion King. Have you seen them?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it. Do you like dramas?
I don't have any suggestions at this time but I can give you some other recommendations.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama
Yes, have you read All My Sons?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Mark Margolis is a great actor. He starred in The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she starred in that movie
Yes, she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
No, I don't think I'll give it a try.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen either of those?
He certainly is! He has also directed Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a superhero film. If you like superhero films you should check out The Proposal.
Sure! Do you like books written by J.R.R Tolkien or the Harry Potter series?
I recommend the Harry Potter series
Sure. I can help with that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure but the Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is in English. Have you read that?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Interstellar is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like those genres?
If you like Sci-Fi movies, you might also enjoy The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might enjoy is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen this one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy The Maze Runner.
I like his song We Rode in Trucks?
I don't know that type of music. I know he composed something like Love in the Time of Cholera, if that's what interests you.
I don't know that type of music. I'm not sure if that's the genre for music. I'm not sure if that's the genre for music.
Sure! He directed Equilibrium, which is an action film.
They were both in Equilibrium, Sci-Fi and Action. Have you seen those?
She starred in The Prisoner of Zenda. Have you seen that?
No problem, enjoy!
I believe he is a musician but I don't really know much about him.
He also wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas
I believe it is a drama
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day
Sure! He directed Waking Life and Slacker. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt starred in Waking Life. He also directed Slacker. Have you seen that?
Okay, enjoy the movies!
He directed Wreck It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns.
Sure! John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns?
I'd also like to try Paper Towns.
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He actually did! He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
That's right! He also produced My Own Private Idaho, which is a drama.
I would definitely recommend The Pallbearer, it is a great movie.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He is a great author. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Have you read either of those?
Flannery O'Connor wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and was directed by David Sedaris. Have you read that?
Sure, E Lockhart wrote it. Do you like the author?
She also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and that is the same year that The Boy Next Door was released.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons and The Colditz Story. Have you read either of those?
Thirteen Moons is a psychological thriller, do you like those genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about them except that they are a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I don't know that information, but I know they are a K-pop band. I am more of a K-pop band.
Sure! He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen that one?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he sure did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer.
He's a good Athlete. I don't know a lot about him. What do you think of him?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday is an author. Do you need more information about the author?
I am not sure of the genre of this book. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know of any books by Eleanor Roosevelt, but I can tell you a little about her. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome!
Did you like that movie because it was written by Nicholas Pileggi or because it was a Romance Film?
Goodfellas is starring Robert De Niro. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It is a romance film.
That movie is starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Beneath is a great actress. Beneath Martel stars in the movie, do you like her movies?
What Lies Beneath was released in 1995.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Boston Celtics are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like basketball?
I do like to watch football. What about you?
I do like to watch the Lakers. Who is their coach?
Oh yea, he's a good player. What's your favorite player?
Yes, he starred in the Pianist. Have you seen that?
That's right! I'm not sure Jason Statham is in that, but I do know he's a great actor.
Simon West directed The Rules of Attraction, have you seen it?
Yes, Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting and The Sweet Far Thing.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance and I believe it would be perfect for kids. Would you like to know what else?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series and the next book is Time Bandits.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because of the author, Stephen Chbosky?
Roland Emmerich also produced Independence Day. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's right!
No problem, enjoy!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2011. Do you like thrillers?
Gravity was released in 2013. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure. Examples of Sci-Fi is Zombieland, X-Men: First Class
You're very welcome!
I don't really like the Oakland Raiders, but I do know that they are owned by Steve Zissou. Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I don't like the Oakland Raiders. What do you think?
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is produced and directed by Roland Emmerich
Rebecca Hall starred in All the Real Girls
No problem, enjoy!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. Do you like war books?
Yes, it is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
It is a romance novel, similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
It sure is! Did you know it was written by William Nicholson?
I would agree. Did you know Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth?
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2004 and directed by John Lasseter.
Yes, Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role as a voiceover for a voiceover, as well as a voiceover. It also features a bit of drama, comedy, and romance.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think Wladimir is a great actor. He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like him?
She's married to Hayden Panetti. She starred in Ocean's Eleven which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he's talented too. He's a great actor. I'm sure you'll enjoy the movie.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the Denver Broncos. They are coached by Mike Smith.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a good team. Who is their coach?
My favorite team was the Dallas Cowboys. Which team did Alex Smith play?
That one was released in 1990 and was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like her work?
Yes, Terry Pratchett also wrote The Lorax, you might enjoy that one.
Have you read Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad?
He's on the Golden State Warriors. He plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I think I'm not sure, I don't really know how tall he is
I'm not sure about that. What team is he on?
No problem
Did you know Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I would definitely recommend The Silence of the Lambs, it is a great film.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Glenn Morshower, how about you?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, I can recommend you The Martian. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player from the United States.
Yes I am a basketball fan as well. How about you?
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that Larry Bird is also a basketball player.
I don't have any suggestions about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
I am not sure about Hush but Spells is part series
Yes it is, it is also a romance novel
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
I hope you enjoy them!
I don't really know much about him other than he is an athlete.
That's what I know about Tiger Woods, but I don't like to watch golf too. Who do you like to watch?
I have seen Happy Gilmore, is that the movie?
I like the Miami Dolphins, they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about their coach, but I do know that they are doing well in the NFC South!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela. Have you read that?
Rayuela was released in 1963, the same year that Way Station was released. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is she a singer?
No, I didn't. I'm more into science fiction movies like The Giver. Did you know he was in The Lorax?
The Giver was a good movie. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a little bit of drama.
Are you referring to the book written by John Green?
How about Paper Towns? It was also written by John Green.
If you like fiction books you may enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest of Hands.
No problem. I am glad I could help.
He directed Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
I have not, but I know that In Cold Blood is written by Truman Capote. Is that something you'd like to know?
Yes, he starred in a few movies including Unstoppable and The Tragedy of Narnia.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Mandymoore is a comedy.
I would recommend Happy Gilmore. It's an Animation film.
That's right! Tim Allen also stars in Toy Story 2. Have you seen that one?
Toy Story is a great one! You should check it out!
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes I do. It is a science fiction movie starring Artificial Intelligence. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a good one. Have you seen it yet?
I'm not sure of the release date of the movie, but the movie was released in 1999.
Yes, it was written by Mindy Kaling and starred Russell Crowe.
He's a great actor. He also starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
He's been in a number of movies. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it stars Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and many more. Do you like Al Pacino?
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Tim Burton.
I'm not sure about that. I can give you some information about the movie if you need.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't know the genre of Witless Protection.
Sure! Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Is she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. Isn't she a singer?
I'm not sure of some of her albums but I know she is also a singer. Do you like singers?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Old Curiosity Shop. I am more of a Classic rock band. What's your favorite song?
I personally don't really know any of their music, but I do know some of their pop music. I am a huge fan of Linkin Park, how about you?
I like dance pop music, so I would say it's more of a hip hop music. What's your favorite genre?
Yes he starred in movies like Remember the Titans and The Avengers. Have you seen them?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
He was in quite a few movies like The Snows of Kilimanjaro and The Murders.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
I'm not sure. I don't know anything about Diane Keaton, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton also starred in Monster House, Inc.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm sorry, I don't, but I do know she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I don't really know his music but I do know he starred in The Wiz. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure about that, but I heard it's a good song. You should check it out.
That's right! It was written by John Lennon. It's a great movie if you like the whale.
Yes, Tim Miller directed The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was written by Niccol Machiavelli
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on history but I can tell you it was written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Il Principe was written by Niccol Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Queen. Do you like fantasy fiction?
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
She wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple. Have you read either of these?
The genre is fiction, do you like fiction?
I'm not sure if it's Musical, but it's a drama, do you like fiction?
It's an excellent thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information but I can tell you more about the movie Memento.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think he plays for a France national football team. I don't really follow soccer.
Real Madrid is a Real Madrid, coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like strikers?
I like Arsenal F.C. better than their home team.
Sure! The Scarlet Letter is a Romance and Historical Novel. Do you like those genres?
He is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
The World According to Garp is a Drama.
I don't know that information, but I do know Tragicomedy was released in Irving in 1962.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! F. Gary Gray is an actor who starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Princess Mononoke, have you seen that?
It is an animation film starring Jada Pinkett Smith. Have you seen it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Ocean's Thirteen stars George Clooney, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many more. Do you want to know more about movies in the same genre?
Sure! The Fight Club is a drama film directed by David Fincher. It stars George Clooney, Matt Damon, and Brad Pitt. Do you like those actors?
I don't think I can recommend a comedy movie, but I can recommend something else for you if you like.
Ok, if you're into Brad Pitt, maybe you'd like to see a comedy movie.
No problem, have a good one!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
I can also recommend Terms of Endearment, which also stars Emily Watson.
It is! It is also a Romantic Film, if you're interested.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete.
Do you know a lot about basketball or soccer?
I can't remember if I'd like to learn more about that. What sport do you like to watch?
I don't really know much about basketball but I do know that Lakers are coached by Doc Rivers and Mike Colter. Do you like basketball?
I think he is a good coach. Do you know if he is a good player?
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1886.
I'm sorry, I don't. I know he's written a lot of books. But, I can recommend some of Louis Sachar's works.
I think so. I hope you enjoy it.
I know a little about him, he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors.
I don't really know much about him but I do know that the Warriors are coached by Steve Kerr. Do you like him?
They are a basketball movie. I'm not sure if they are in the NBA but the Warriors are a good team.
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Vulgar is a drama film and directed by David Fincher. It stars Brad Pitt and its a thriller.
Sure! Vulgar is a drama film and directed by David Fincher. It stars Brad Pitt and its a thriller.
Sure, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is another great movie.
You are very welcome, please enjoy the book!
I don't know much about soccer but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I haven't heard much about soccer, what about you? What sport do you like to watch?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, some of the books I have listed are The Pillars of the Earth, Wizard's First Rule and The Legend of Tarzan. Have you read those?
It's listed as Speculative fiction and children's lit.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It's a Utopian and dystopian fiction. Do you like those genres?
It is speculative fiction do you like that genre?
I don't know if he wrote any Fiction novels but I can recommend some other fiction novels if you like.
I'm not sure of the genre of this novel, but I can help you with anything else
Can I help you with anything else?
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day
I think he is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. What about you?
That's okay. Do you know if they're having a good season this year?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's on the team. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't really know much about him except that he is a boxer. Do you like Boxing?
Yeah, I haven't heard of that. I don't really know much about him except if he won a fight.
That's interesting, I didn't know that. I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you read that one?
It was written by Roberto Orci. Are you familiar with his work?
Star Maker is in the genre of sci-fi
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
I'm sure you'll love The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sure you will enjoy them both.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. Does that interest you?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 the movie.
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yes, it is a great thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard. Would you like to know more?
Yes, I like him a lot. He's a good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. I like Ziggy Marley. Did you know he is from Marley?
I would also like to play Ziggy Marley. Did you know he won an award for Best Hip Hop Music Video?
Ratatouille is written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox?
Sure, have you see The Incredibles or The Road to El Dorado?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Se7en is a great movie. Did you know it was directed by Brad Pitt?
I would also recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you like thrillers.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But another movie you might enjoy is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Great, I'll add them to your watch list.
I do! It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
I haven't, but I know it was written by Paula McLain, who also wrote Circling the Sun.
I'm not sure of that fact in my data base, but I think it's in the English language.
I'm not sure about that, but I know you should give it a try!
Yes, she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
I like Stronger too. I like the song We Rode in Trucks, how about you?
I don't think so, but I know she is a celebrity friend of Taylor Swift.
Yes, I do like reality television shows The Big Bang Theory. What about you?
Yes, City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about it?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy this genre?
Yes, she wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is part of the series. Have you read this one?
No problem, enjoy!
Of course! Terry George wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but it is written by Terry George.
Yes, Shelley Duvall starred in the other Boleyn Girl, did you know she is also a writer?
I'm not sure about the genre but I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is a Drama movie.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a History movie, have you seen this one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie.
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Castle is a Historical Novel and a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. Steven Spielberg also directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogs. Have you read either of those?
I am not sure if it was turned into a film but it was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a Drama. Do you enjoy Drama books?
Yes, I do. If your niece is a fan of hers, I would also recommend The Selection. Have you read that one?
Sure! The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. It is a speculative fiction.
Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read it?
Frank Darabont also starred in The Percy Bysshe Shelley's Frankenstein.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a great movie.
Yes, Paper Towns is written by John Green and stars John Green. Are you a fan of his movies?
Yes I have. The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction movie. Is that what interests you?
I think he is a good basketball player but I don't follow the sport. How about you?
Yes they were, did you know Walt Frazier starred in Space Jam?
Yes they have become a point guard as well. Do you know what position does he play for?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It stars James Dashner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not, but I can recommend other science fiction books if you like.
Sure! X-Men is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Al Pacino and Reese Witherspoon are both in the film. Do you like them?
Volcano is starring Tom Cruise and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It's a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I have! Moulin Rouge is a great movie! It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Missy Eliot is a TV show and Pink starred in The Matrix.
Missy Eliot starred in the movie, but he also starred in The Matrix.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Real Madrid C.F., but I don't know much about him.
I am not a huge fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching Cristiano Ronaldo play. Who is your favorite player?
I am not a huge sports fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I am not a huge sports fan but I enjoy watching American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, who is your favorite team?
I think they do. Who do you think will be in the Superbowl?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Scarface is written by Nicholas Sparks and starred Al Pacino. Do you like Romance films?
Have you seen Shark Night? It stars Kyla Pratt.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Abigail Breslin starred in Little Miss Sunshine?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2004.
No, problem you enjoy!
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like his music alot, I like his music a lot
I haven't but I've heard good things about her. Is she a singer?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Liane Moriarty or because it was written by Liane Moriarty?
It was released in 2014. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Ender's Game has a sequel titled Speaker of the Dead. Would you like to know more about this book?
Speaker of the Dead is also speculative fiction
It is written by Waylander and is in the Science Fiction genre
you are welcome
Sure, Aladdin is a great movie! Do you like movies starring Aladdin because it is a biography genre?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
Sure, anything else I can help with?
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
The Edge of Glory has a new version of The Edge of Glory. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, she was in the Muppets too. Have you seen that?
Do you like their music because they are a pop music or funk?
I'm not sure about that. Is it a pop music like one of my favorites?
I'm not sure about that. I don't think so.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen that?
He starred in The Fault in Our Stars. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes she is in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Sure! Kahil Gilbran wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
yes it is. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he's a great singer. I'm not sure if he's in a relationship with Cameron Diaz. Do you like her music?
Sure, a few of his songs I like are Yukio and Yoshimoto. Have you heard of them?
It's a pop music. I'm not sure if that's the genre, but I would say it's pop music.
Yes, I do. Did you know that she wrote The Yellow Submarine?
Its in the genre of fiction and romance
It was released in 1999
I would definitely be glad to help
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama Film
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Red stars Morgan Freeman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mike Starr has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Mike Starr also starred in The Black Dahlia. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great choice, he is written by Stephen King and stars Shawnee Smith. Have you seen it?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Do you like him?
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in the O.C. series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like crime movies?
Then you might also enjoy The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that one?
It stars both Mark Wahlberg and Marlon Brando.
Yes, Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Sharlto Copley.
Sure, she also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Wintergirls. Have you seen those?
Yes Mr. Smith is in the movie Mr. Smith. Mrs. Smith is a great movie.
Yes and Owen Wilson was in Wedding Crashers. I think you'd enjoy it.
Owen Wilson was in Men in Black 3. He was in that as well.
He plays for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure of that information, but I know he is a midfielder on the team.
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
I don't. Is he a player for the Real Madrid C.F.?
No, I don't. I am not familiar with the sport of soccer. What sport do you like?
No, I don't. What sports do you like?
Sure! The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, he stars in Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like Edge of Tomorrow, you might also be interested in The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, do you want to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
That's a good movie. Did you know that she starred in The White Queen?
I like Thrillers. Do you like Thrillers?
I like murder mystery as well, it is in the genre of Comedy.
I have not, but if you like Pacifier I recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of those ?
Some of her books include Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read those?
I'm not sure about that. I don't have that information, but I can tell you that she starred in a movie called Beautiful Darkness.
I like the Boston Red Sox, but I don't like the Yankees. How about you?
I'm not sure where he is from. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yes I do. Craig T. Nelson wrote the screenplay. Have you seen it?
I do not know who produced it, but I know it was written by David Fincher
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I am not sure but I do know that it is a drama film.
I am sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a comedy.
Yes and Michael Rapaport also starred in The Matrix as well.
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starred by Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, Robin Williams also wrote Good Will Hunting.
No I haven't, but I do know that Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
I did like Joe Montana too. I like the Seattle Seahawks if he was on the NFC. Do you like the Seahawks?
I like the Steelers, but I don't like the Steelers. I think the Steelers have a heck of a chance.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is written by Colleen McCullough or because it is a Drama movie?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It was also turned into a movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Gloria Naylor wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read that?
I can't think of any other films she has starred in, but I can recommend something else for you if you would like.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dark Lover is written by J.R. Ward and it has a speculative fiction genre. Is that what you are looking for?
That's right. 2005 was a great year for fans. I can add it to your list of movies to watch?
The Mist was written by Peter Hyams. The Maze Runner was a great sci-fi film. Have you seen the sequels?
The Mist was also released in 2005 and the Maze Runner was a great sci-fi book. Have you read that one yet?
Sure, I will.
Shelley Duvall has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Wonder Woman. Have you seen either of those?
It's a great movie. It was written by Stephen King and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars him as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Hirschbiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Robert De Niro, Matt Damon, and Julia Roberts. Would you like to know more?
She's been in quite a few films. One of them would be Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I know he is a shooting guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
She has been in a number of movies including Unwable, Witches Abroad, and Witches Abroad.
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a Musical Comedy?
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll definitely check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper starred in The Muppets?
It also stars Will Smith. I'll definitely be sure to check it out!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an excellent book. It was first published in 1838.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you more about books that Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are very welcome!
Sure! The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R Tolkien. He also directed the Fellowship of the Ring
He also starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Return of the King, have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you like him?
Yes I do like Caddyshack. Who is you favorite player?
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis was in Hot Tub Time Machine?
He directed The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen that?
The Butterfly Effect is a drama. Do you like drama?
You are very welcome!
Sure! Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief starred Jack Nicholson, who also starred in The Rainmaker.
Yes, The Pelican Brief is a thriller and also a drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
Wicked Lovely is a good one. Have you seen it yet?
I'm not sure about that, but it was directed by David Fincher.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is starring Bradley Cooper.
Bradley Cooper starred in The Fault in Our Stars, have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, I can tell you that 2012 was the year that The Sandman was released.
Sure, have you read The Longest Day or The Longest Day by the same author?
You should check it out it is a good movie.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like the Romance genre?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Lullaby was written by Edward Norton.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other books he wrote.
Yes I do. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like his movies?
The movie was directed by Tate Donovan, would you like to know more about the movie?
He also starred in The O.C, which is a Historical period drama.
It's a great movie! Another one is The Book Thief, have you seen that one?
Sure! Did you enjoy Rocky because it was written by Sylvester Stallone or because it was a drama film?
You might enjoy the boxing film The Martian. Have you seen it yet?
It's a martial arts film. Do you like those types of movies?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge and Ape House.
Well, there are many that you may enjoy. Then I would recommend Water for Elephants. It's a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was written by Rebecca Stead. It was released in 2016.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I didn't know he's a good basketball player, but I did know he won the NBA All Rookie Team.
I am more of a basketball fan. What about you? Would you like to know more about Stephen Curry?
Yes, I agree. What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Wow, i didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is written by Mark Haddon. Have you seen it?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a mystery. Have you read that one?
Do you like Marlon Brando because it is a drama?
I'm not sure about the Godfather, but it was written by Oliver Twist.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Apocalypse Now is a good one. Have you seen that one?
Yes I do. She wrote The Matrix and The Cool World. Have you read them?
Prisoner of Shark Island has a Genre of a drama, do you like these types of movies?
I think you'd enjoy it.
Private Benjamin is a Parody movie with a Parody genre
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Gods Themselves. Have you read it?
Underworld is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Insomnia is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know who stars in War, but The Perfect Storm is a thriller. It was written by David Fincher. Is that what interests you?
I'm not sure when it was released, but it was directed by James Cameron.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen those?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in How to Win Friends and Influence People.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2007.
Yes I do. She's a tennis player. Do you like her?
Wow I didn't know a lot about tennis either. I know a bit about Serena Williams, who is a tennis player?
Wow, I didn't know that. I don't really know much about tennis but I know she is from Russia.
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
Yeah, I think so too, that's a great news. Did you know that Jon Jonas is a member of the NY Giants?
I believe the title is The Road to El Dorado, have you read that?
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
127 Hours is a romance film. If you like romance films, you might also try You Only Live Twice. Have you seen that?
I would definitely recommend X-Men 2 if you haven't seen that.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Roberto Orci. It was released in 2000.
I believe it is a drama
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
No, I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Yes, it is written by C. S. Lewis and is part of the series The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
I believe it was a drama. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Glad to be of help
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote peter pan.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other examples of this genre.
Yes, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was made into a movie in 1904.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young adult fiction book written by Theodore Dreiser.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Yes, he wrote Paccka which was released in 1975.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know Eecbl is a science fiction writer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that she is a scientist as well.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Do you like him?
Yes I do. Kristen Connolly wrote the book.
Yes they are. Do you like Ty Olsson because it is a thriller?
I'll do that right away. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie or because it's an action movie?
Sure, he also directed the movie The Lost World: Jurassic Park III.
Do you want to know other Sci-Fi movies?
2006 is the year that released A Scanner Darkly.
Have you seen The Blind Side? It is a crime fiction film.
I would also recommend The Alchemist. I enjoy biographies.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Sean Penn wrote The Alchemist which is also a Biographical Film
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like her sister Serena better. How about you?
I do not follow tennis but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
I don't really follow tennis but I do know that Venus has a sister named Serena.
Yes, that is a great movie! It stars Ryan Reynolds and is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I haven't seen Woman in Gold but I do know that The Proposition is starring Scarlett Johansson.
I'm sorry, I don't see Woman in Gold but I do know that Scarlett Johansson is a great actress.
Sure, have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a Mystery.
It was directed by Persia: The Sands of Time by David J. D. Salinger.
It stars Mindy Kaling, Jason Bate, and James Franco to name just a few.
It was released in 2001.
Yes, it's a great movie! Do you like Superman Returns because it is written by Michael Dougherty?
I'm not sure, but Parker Posey is in it. Do you like him?
that is correct. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes he is, he is a great actor. I like him too.
I'll have to check it out, thanks.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like the Deception Point because it is a thriller or a thriller?
I'm sorry. What else can i answer for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog because it is a Romance film?
I am sure you will, I hope you enjoy it!
The Wide Window stars Frank Grillo and Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Would you like to know more about the movie?
OK. I will give it a try.
Yes, and he also wrote Where Rainbows End
No problem, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
I haven't read Outlander but I know it was written by William Nicholls. Do you know him?
I'm not sure, but I know that she is a science fiction writer. She wrote Outlander.
I'm not sure if she hasn't read My Own Heart's Blood but I do know that she is a science fiction writer.
I'm not sure of the second book but I can tell you more about the second book.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid F.C.
Not really. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. What's your favorite team?
Yes Ryan Gosling was in that movie. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, he directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
That's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Terry Gilliam directed that movie, would you like to know more about the movie?
I love Madonna. Did you know she starred in The Greatest Show?
I like some of Madonna's music. I think she's a great singer. What's your favorite song of hers?
I like Michael Jackson too. He has a lot of fun to watch. I think he is a great singer though.
I like the New York Jets, they are in the AFC East. I'm not a fan of the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
Well, I know the Jets are part of the National Football League. Who's your favorite team?
I know that the Jets are having a heck of a season but I don't really have a lot of money for their players. I do know that they're having a good season this year
Yes, he wrote Snatch. Have you heard of it?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It was released in 2014.
I'm not sure of the release date of the movie, but I do know it was released in 2014.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Are you a fan of their music?
I haven't, but I haven't heard much from K-pop. I'm more of a baseball fan, like American Gangster. How about you?
All I know is that The Hypnotist must be a good choice.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Ryan Reynolds starred in The Proposal.
Yes, I can. I recommend The Wash that he starred in.
Yes, they both are. I think they are both friends with Timbaland. I think they are both rivals.
I'm not sure about that, but I know Dj Khaled is friends with Dr. Dre. I think it's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and starred Brad Pitt. It was a comedy film.
I'm sorry, I don't have information on Time Bandits, but I do know that Shelley Duvall is also in Time Bandits.
She was also in The Mummy. I am not sure of her roles but I can tell you more about her.
Sure! Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Little Friend. Have you read that one?
It's a fiction book about a murder. Do you like those kinds of books?
Sure! Michael Bay starred in The Voyage Home, The Lost City, and The Lost City. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know a lot about that movie, but I can tell you that Shark Night is also a thriller. Have you seen that one?
That's right. Dwayne Johnson also stars in The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't really follow cricket so I don't really know anything about it. Is he a good player?
Yes, I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the commercials, but I think the commercials will make it to the Super Bowl XLVII. What do you think?
Sure! She starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen that one?
I do. I'm sure you will love it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
I believe it to be a drama
Stanlee also wrote The Matrix. Have you read that one?
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Memento."
Yes, Jorja Fox wrote the movie Memento. He also starred in the movie The Matrix.
He wrote the movie Memento, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Added to your watch list
I am not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
I like the Kansas City Chiefs. Who is your favorite player?
I am not sure but the Chiefs were runner-ups to Super Bowl XLVII but they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
I don't think that's because I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
I would definitely recommend that you try The Other Boleyn Girl, it's a great read.
I'm sorry, I don't know any other books by Victor Hugo. He's a great writer.
Deadpool is a superhero film. Is that what interests you or are you interested in other superhero films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But it's written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2004. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, you're very welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team. Do you like him?
I like American Football and Football. What about you?
I am more of a Soccer Fan to be honest. What do you think of the team?
Yes she is. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
No, I don't. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No, I haven't. I think I'll watch it tonight.
Sure, Step Brothers was written by John Bryan Singer and stars Christian Bale. It is a drama film.
Yes, I agree. Did you know he produced and directed the movie?
I'm not sure when it was released, but it was directed by John C. O'Brien.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. Have you read it?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is a historical novel.
Yes, they are. William Shakespeare also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
King's Speech was rated a drama and a drama. The Kings Speech was directed by Tom Hooper. Did you know The Kings Speech was released in 1996?
The King's Speech was released in 2005 and the movie The Dead Zone was released in 2006.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach, John Fox. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What do you think?
What do you think of the Broncos vs. the Broncos?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage, Mark Boal, and Nicholas Cage.
I am a big fan of her music. Did you know she dated Anna Kournikova?
It is a great movie also starring Tim Robbins and Jeff Goldblum.
I think you will enjoy it. It is a great movie.
Yes, he is a musician and a musician. Do you like him?
I prefer American Pop. He's a great pianist.
I do like R&B. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't. But I know it was written by Johnny Depp and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also wrote The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
No, I have not. I will have to add it to my watch list.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Are you interested in other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half Blood Prince?
Sure! Do you like Juraissic because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
Some other great sci-fi movies are The Matrix and The Matrix.
Yes, he also starred in the science fiction movie The Matrix.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ryan Reynolds starred in the movie.
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine, State of the Union, and The Wolverine
I'm sorry I don't have that information
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
That's right. Stephen King also wrote "The Green Mile" and "She's Come Undone."
I'm sure that he does. He's also a great author.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do! Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks.
I don't really know much about them except that they are owned by Lovie Smith. Do you like football?
i don't know a lot about him. do you like any other team?
i don't know a lot about him
Yes, they have a good chance
I don't really know a lot about her. Is she a singer? I'm not a big fan of hers, but I can tell you more about her. How about you?
I haven't seen any of her movies, but I heard she's a great actress. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I like them too, I think I'd like to learn more about them
Yes, I do. He wrote I am Malala. Do you like his music?
Yes he was. he played a piano. do you like his music?
I am not sure of her latest album but I do like her music. Do you like her music?
I would! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley, and Villette. Have you read any of these?
I'm sure you will love it. She wrote The Professor. She also wrote The Professor. Have you read that one?
I'm sure you will like it! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like the author or do you like the genre?
Sure, I can tell you that Emily St. John Mandel also wrote Last Night at Cheteau Marmont. Have you read that one?
Last Night in Montreal is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I am a huge fan of the author Rick Yancey. I haven't read the book yet. Is it a science fiction book?
Yes, I do. I especially enjoyed The Infinite Sea. Have you read that one?
Yes, you might also like The Infinite Sea by John Irving.
Sure, he also wrote The Wolves of Calla and The Golden Compass. Have you read either of those?
Robert Jackson also wrote Time Bandits
I am not sure about that
Sure! The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Notebook. Have you seen that one?
Well, if they have a historical period, I would definitely recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape and What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
Yea, if I'm not sure who stars in it, I'm sure you'd love it.
Of course, enjoy!
I do! It is a great historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford. Do you like those genres?
I didn't know that. Is Songs of Willow Frost a romance novel?
It looks like somewhere in the United States of America
That is a good one. I haven't read the Chamber of Secrets yet.
Do you like the movie Batman Begins because it's a superhero movie?
Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War, have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information for Morgan Freeman.
It is written by John Grisham. Do you like books written by Grisham?
You might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Matrix. Have you read those?
You might also enjoy The Crossing or The Old Curiosity Shop.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Are you looking for recommendations by this author?
Yes, he wrote that which was released in 1891. Have you read it?
He wrote Notes from a Small Island and The Small Way to name a few.
Robert Galbraith also wrote Silkworm
She also wrote The Silkworm. Are you familiar with that?
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
speculative fiction
The Fault in our Stars
the genre is adventure fiction
your welcome
Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I'm not sure of that. I don't have information about that.
I don't have any other books by him, but I can recommend some other ones for you.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Big Bang Theory. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure of his other works, but Armageddon is a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it.
I'm not sure about that. Isn't James Coburn also a musician?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I'm sure you will love them! I also recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
I agree. Did you know Damian Lillard played for the Portland Trail Blazers?
I like Jordan Jordan, he is a great player. What about you?
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks, but he is a point guard.
Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they are a K-pop boy band, do you like them?
I can add some of the pop music to your playlist right now. I can give you some audio for you to listen to.
I don't really know anything about her, but I do know that she's a little familiar with her music. I think she's a little familiar with her music as well.
It's a great book. It's part of a series. The next book is The Gods Themselves.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
I would try World Without End, it is a very good book written by Barbara Kingsolver.
I'd try it, it was written by Chinua Achebe.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper stars Noah Segan and is a Thriller. Do you like him?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Sure! Did you enjoy A Beautiful Mind because it was written by Mindy Kaling or because it was a drama?
He also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
Is there anything else I can help with?
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Goldwyn
He also produced the Bourne Ultimatum and Madness at the fairies
It is a drama film
You are very welcome
It was written by J.D Salinger. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes he also wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories
oh you are welcome
I don't know much about football but I know he is a midfielder for the Argentina national football team.
It was released in 2004. Do you like young adult fiction?
I am not sure about that but I do know it was written by William Nicholson
Sure. How about Afraid of Fire? It was also released in 1962.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Have you read it?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Princess, and The White Princess. Have you read any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend something else for you.
Yes, they are both historical fiction books. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a sports team.
They won the Super Bowl XXXV Super Bowl XLVII, Super Bowl XLVII, Super Bowl XLVII, XLVII, and the 49ers.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Wally Lamb is a TV producer?
I'm not sure about that, but I know This Much Is True is also Fiction and was written by Charles Dickens.
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out.
You are very welcome!
I like the Miami Dolphins, they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
Not really, I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who is your favorite team?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team are you root for?
Sure! Do you like Splash movies because it's a thriller?
Both the main stars are Steven Spielberg and the first one was directed by Steven Spielberg
I'm not sure of the release date but it is in the same genre as Inside Lies.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, I do. Did you know she dated Anna Kournikova? She starred in Victorious.
Yes, Victoria Justice is a great Sitcom. She also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I know Selena Gomez is also in Zombieland
Yes, I agree. Have a great day.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Windtalkers is a war film also starring Alexandre Dumas. Do you enjoy war films?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catcher in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, one of my favorites is The Lion, The Witches and The Wardrobe, have you read that one?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci-fi. Do you like Sci-fi?
That's right! Wreck-It Ralph has genre Sci-fi.
I don't know if that's true. Isn't Mindy Kaling also an actor?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck it Ralph.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Miami Dolphins are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII award?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who is your favorite team?
Tony Romo is a great player though. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, he wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that?
Owen Wilson starred in the film. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from South Africa.
I don't. I don't really know much about him except that he won a World Series.
I don't really know anything about golf but I do know he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure! She wrote The Waves, The Sparrow, and The Waves. Have you read any of them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1877.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Broncos.
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks, I believe.
Yes, the Denver Nuggets is a basketball team that is coached by Doc Rivers. Do you like basketball?
Shelly Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Time Bandits is a comedy, starring Shelly Duvall. Do you like comedy films?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He directed The Great Buck, which is an action film. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also directed Public Enemies, and Public Enemies. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a great movie. It stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know anything else?
Me too! She wrote I am Malala
She also wrote Little Altars Everywhere, which is a romance novel.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know she was in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
Did you know she starred in The Lorax?
Do you like animated movies? She is in Valentine's Day too.
Yes, the Steelers are a great football team. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I know he's a great athlete.
She also wrote Night Star. Have you read it yet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Glad to be of help
Yes, James Rodriguez is an American footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Colombia national football team.
Yes I do like American football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao, he is a good player. What do you think?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Charlize Theron. Do you like her movies?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Have you read Why Did I Get Married Too? It's really good.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, John Tiffany wrote The Twits, which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he did. Did you know she also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
I am not sure about the movie, but I can give you some information about the movie if you like.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert som lekte med elden, have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Milan Kundera was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a thriller that was written Tony Gilroy. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity : The Bourne Identity : The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and more
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
She also wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, he directed Walk Two Moons and Girl, Interrupted. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Reese Witherspoon also starred in it. I would highly recommend it.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that Joaquin Phoenix won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Actress.
Of course! If you like Romance films, I would also recommend Walking Tall. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
The Sun Always Rises is a fiction book written by Harper Lee. I am sure you will enjoy it.
Jason Cope starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and State of the Union. Have you seen any of those?
Spud is a thriller
Yes, he stars in the movie Spud
Rosario Dawson also stars in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Templar.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1951 1951 film.
You're welcome.
Yes Rob Riggle is an actor. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Stephen Riggle is also in this movie?
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you Will Ferrell also starred in The Other Guys
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
They were both good movies. Ned Bellamy was also in The Green Mile. Have you seen that?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Green Mile which is also a drama
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is an adventure film starring Charlize Theron. Do you like adventure films?
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Me too! Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen those?
I am not sure about that, but I know that Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, and directed by Christopher Nolan, right?
I agree, James Cameron has a great day as well!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure, 50/50 stars Paul Werner, who also starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
I have The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, written by Vanessa Fertilio.
Glad to be of help
Yes they are. I am more of a basketball fan. How about you?
Yes they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I have! Nanking is a great movie, starring Stephen Dorff. Do you like basketball?
Yes I do! She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The First Four Years. Are you interested in children's literature?
The Long Winter is a short story and was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Wolf Brothers.
Sure thing. I'll do that right away.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
I have a couple of my favorites that I would recommend are The Naked Sun and The Wild Life. Have you read those?
It's a drama, so I would also recommend Apocalypse Now. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some other recommendations.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is written by Dave Pelzer, and was released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in The Matrix. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Pacifier was released in 2003 and is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Robert De Niro is a big name in this movie,
Then you might also enjoy The Book of Eli which is also a Romance Film
It was directed by Lauren Oliver, have you seen it?
I believe it was released in 2004
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen either of those?
James Rodrguez is an American footballer who plays as a Midfielder for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about his team but I know he plays as a midfielder.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder.
I'm not sure who starred in the movie, but I do know that Falcoa plays Midfielder.
Yes, it stars Will Smith and Michael Caine. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith. Do you like Yearling?
That movie stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. Does that sound interesting to you?
It was released in 1999 and also stars Danny DeVito
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about the Jaguars, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
The Jaguars are owned by Wayne Weaver, who is a great player.
I like to watch the Titans and the Chargers, how about you?
Yes, she plays badminton. She was born in Hisar. Did you know she was born in Hisar.
She did! That's where the 2012 Summer Olympics was in London. Have you been?
I'm more of a tennis fan. What about you?
I'm not sure where Tom Daley is from. I don't really know where he's from.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. He wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Two By Two.
It was released in 2002 and is in English.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes he was. He also wrote The Notebook.
Yes, he is a great comedian. He is also a musician and a musician.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Quentin Tarantino directed it.
Uma Thurman still starred in Kill Bill. She was also in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sin City is a great Sin City movie. Did you know Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez?
Sin City is a Sin City Drama. If you like Robert Rodriguez, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life.
It is directed by Robert Rodriguez, if that's what interests you.
No, I haven't. I'm glad I could help!
Sure! The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini. It's a war film. Do you like war films?
Yes, the Kite Runner was made into a movie in 2012.
Yes, you can check out The Kite Runner. It is written by David Benioff.
No problem, enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of her, but I do know she wrote I am Malala
Yes, he did. Veronika is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, The Pilgrimage is a Drama film starring Alchemist.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read that one yet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1926.
Of course! Other drama books in the same genre are; To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It's written by Robert A. Heinlein, who also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure of the release date of the book, but I do know that it was released in 1925.
Yeah, that's a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. Have you seen that one?
Jane Eyre is written by Charles Dickens. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Sure, Charlotte Bronte also wrote Villette and The Professor. Have you read either of these?
Villette is considered a Villette, a Villette is in the genre of Gothic Fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happens and When You Reach. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure, but Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye. Have you read it?
Sure, Marc Webb wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Amazing Spider-Man is written by Steve Kloves and 500 Days of Summer. Have you seen either of those?
Great, I can add that information to your watch list if you would like.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy the film!
I think he is a good singer. Do you know if he is a musician?
That's pretty cool. I'm more of a baseball fan, so I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. I am more of Carolina Panthers or Patriots. How about you?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
I am not sure who starred in this movie but Baz Luhrmann also directed it.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it
Yes I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. It is a great comedy. Have you seen it?
I recommend The Princess Diaries 2 if you haven't seen it already.
The Princess and the Frog is also a Disney movie. You should give it a try.
Yes, that is a great one, if your favorite is Red Riding Hood. Have you read it yet?
Of course! The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It was released in 1939. Have you read anything else?
Sure, you might enjoy The Sea Wolf or The Sea Wolf.
It looks like To Build a Fire was released in 1926.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like his work?
I agree, Walking Disaster is a great book. Did you know he is also a teacher?
I would definitely recommend Beautiful Sacrifice.
No problem, enjoy!
you're welcome.
Sure, Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Are you interested in any of those movies?
Yes, he starred in Silver Linings Playbook with Jennifer Lawrence
Meet the Parents is a comedy also starring Ryan Gosling
You're welcome
I don't really like football. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
The Bears are having a heck of a season. Who is your favorite team?
I don't really know much about them as I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. Toni Morrison also wrote The Red Tent, have you read that?
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear then. Have you heard of that one?
Love Actually stars Natasha Richardson, Rachel Roberts, Rachel Weisz, and Rachel Ticotin.
I like her music a lot, but not as much as her music. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about Liam Hensworth, but I know he is a singer, songwriter, and film producer. Do you like his music?
The Last Song is a good movie. I would suggest checking it out when you have time.
Sure! The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
The Wedding Crashers is a book he wrote that one. It was released in 2000.
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. Have you seen Xenocide or The Notebook?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Good, the Bad and the Uglies. Have you seen either of those?
I would say it's more of a drama, but I would say it's more of a drama and a psychological thriller.
No, it's about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Okay, have a great day!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about other movies she has starred in.
I'll do that right away.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Gary Scott Thompson or because it was a thriller?
Have you seen The Fast and the Furious 2 or Fast and the Furious?
The Fast and the Furious 2 furious is starring Vin Diesel
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was a war movie or because it was a war movie?
World War Z was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Do you like his movies?
Yes I do. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
Frank Millier starred in Wedding Crashers and Apocalypse Now
Sure, he also starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
I can't find any information on that. However, I can tell you that he wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You as well!
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't really know much about him.
Yes, he's a point guard. Speaking of basketball, did you know he's from Boston?
Really? I didn't know that. I don't really know much about basketball either.
Yes I do. I like his song a lot. I like the song You Love Me. How about you?
I do. I think Selena Gomez is also a great singer, did you know she starred in Men in Black?
Yes that is true. I do know that he is also a screenwriter.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I know they are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company.
I did not know that, did you know that The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Milwaukee Bucks?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a good team. Do you follow the 76ers?
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in American Pie, but it was produced by Chris Weitz.
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information about that.
Do you like the movie because it's a romantic comedy?
No I haven't. I'm more of a thriller fan. Do you like thrillers?
I don't like him that much, but I know he's a good actor. I'm more of a Crime Fiction fan.
That's right. He's a great actor. I'm not sure if he's known for his movies, but if you're not a fan of his.
I think they are a pretty good basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
That's pretty cool. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I didn't realize the Men in Black I liked very much. I'm not a huge fan of the NBA but I do enjoy watching the NBA finals.
I didn't realize that. I'm not a big fan of Will Smith though.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, it was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Margaret Mauldon wrote Madame Bovary. Would you like to know more about her?
You're very welcome!
Ara Celi is in American Beauty. what else can i do for you today?
I'm not sure who else wrote it, but I know Bella Celi is also in that film.
Yes, he also starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Tropic Thunder
Yes, she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Venus Williams. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she's a great tennis player.
Good Deeds is one of my favorite romantic comedies.
Yes, he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise. Have you seen them?
I don't have access to that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 2013 and directed by Ridley Scott
I don't know what else he has done, but if you like thriller movies I would recommend X-Men: First Class
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm unsure if she has a new album but she has a new release, I'm not sure if she has a new album but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film, did you know Shakira is also a judge?
The award for Best Picture of the Year award for Best Picture of the Year
I love Coraline! I was written by Philip Pullman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that Coraline is a animated film.
Well, if you like horror films you might also enjoy The Shining or The Dead Zone. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wicked City is a Thriller directed by Christopher Nolan, and is in the genre of Thriller. Is that what interests you?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
Sure! He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide
It was released in 1960
You're welcome
Have a great day
Sure! The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Notebook. Have you read that one?
I'm not really sure about that. I'm more of a romance fan, but The Longest Day is a classic!
I don't know of any other books by him, but I can recommend some other ones for you.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Moby Dick. Have you read that one?
That's right! The same year that The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, P.D. Eastman wrote A Fish Out of Water and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes! Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go!
Sure! He wrote Jurassic Park. Have you read that?
Surviving Picasso is a drama film, do you like drama films?
Surviving Picasso also starred Robert De Niro, Elina Alminas, Elina Alminas, Elina Alminas
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Do you like the Godfather because it is a drama?
Sure, adding now
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure about James Franco, but he directed Into the Darkness, which is a thriller.
I'm not sure about the genre, but Aron Ralston also starred in The Cabin in the Woods.
He starred in all kinds of movies. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
He is in the movie Troy, have you seen it?
Well, if you like that movie, Shark Night is another good one
Charlize Theron
ok
Do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a fantasy?
He starred in Warriors, a science fiction action movie. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really follow soccer, but I know she won a lot of medals. What do you think of her?
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller, starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Similar to Philip Pullman is The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman might be a good choice
Sure! He wrote Die Verwandlung, have you read that?
I am not sure but I can tell you that it was released in 1915.
Zero Dark Thirty is a war film starring Mark Boal. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes, Taking Chance is a war film. Do you like war films?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Taken. Have you seen that movie?
Yeah, he also starred in The Sorcers Apprentice. Have you seen that?
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Yes I do. Did you know it was written by Roberto Orci?
Casino Royale is written by Robert Wade. Would you like to know more about it?
I am not sure of the release date. I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, this series is a television series. Have you seen the TV series?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in many great films including Theron
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy that movie because it was written by Robert Mark Kamen or because it stars Taxi Driver?
I don't have that information, but some other thrillers you might enjoy are Shark Night and Zodiac
Some other good ones are Taxi Driver if you haven't seen that one yet, have you seen the second one?
Great, I'll add that now. Enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read that one?
The Day of the Jackal was directed by Anonymous authors who also directed The Titan's Curse.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like her books?
Yes, I can also recommend The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well, it's about Anne Frank's life when she was married to Franklin D. Roosevelt. Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
Ok, enjoy the book!
Do you like the Star Wars movies because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Natalie Portman and Robert De Niro. Would you like to watch that?
I am not sure, but I know he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He directed the popular Harry Potter movies. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy What's Eating Gilbert Grape and What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy the film!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
Yes, he directed this Means War and I Am Number Four. Have you seen them?
I am not sure about that, but We Are Marshall is a comedy drama.
I'm not sure who wrote the Game of Thrones, but I know it was directed by Meryl Streep.
I don't know a lot, but I know they are owned by Lovie Smith and owned by Lovie Smith.
No, I don't personally follow football so I'm more of a Bears fan. What is your favorite team?
Glad to be of help!
I agree, she's a great athlete. Did you know she starred in The World's End?
I like American football and American football. What about you?
I like the Washington Redskins, who is your favorite team!
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror?
Yes, you are right
You're welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
It's a thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
V for Vendetta is a romantic comedy.
Sure. That is written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Zooey Deschanel.
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: City of Ember and City of Ember.
Cinderella is in the genre.
King Kong was written by Kong Kong and stars Sam Neill. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts has starred in Wide Sargasso Sea. Want to know more?
Yes, The Painted Veil is a romance genre film. Would you like to know more about it?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
Yes, she wrote The Five Love Languages of God. Have you read that one?
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he is a musician, Musician, and Musician
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life and It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read them?
Frank Capra wrote The Miracle of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read that?
Frank Capra also wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. What else can I do for you?
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I'm sorry I do not have that information
I'm sorry I don't have that information
That's a good one! American hustle is a drama and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it's a Thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Woody Herman also wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo
You're welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team. I think their coach Mike Shanahan is okay though though. How about you?
What is Dwight Schar owns the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, it has a lot of fun to watch. Do you like any other sports?
Sure! Have you seen The Fault in Our Stars? It was directed by Peter Farrelly.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines and Where You Are are all written by Tammara Webber.
She also wrote Where You Are and Where You Are. Have you read either of these?
Between the Lines is a good book. Do you need any other recommendations?
Have a great day!
Steven Soderbergh wrote Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I can give you some other information about The Good German if you like.
He's been in quite a few films, including World Without End, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Watchmen which is a Thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Wuthering Heights is his most famous work. Have you read it?
Well, it's genre is Gothic fiction. It's about unrequited love, and that's what I have in mind.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Sure! Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2002 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend Return to Paradise. It was also released in 2010.
You're welcome.
Sure! Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote The Black Dahlia.
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy: The Vampire Academy series
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Yes, Leo wrote Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and it was released in 1851.
Yes, it is. Have you read Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club?
Yes, I think it was a drama. Is that what interests you?
Great, have a great day
Yes, he directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
That's right! Adam Sandler produced The Longest Yard along with 50 First Dates.
I'm not sure who else stars in that film, but Adam Sandler is known for his role in 50 First Dates!
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read that?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
It's considered children's literature, so I would also recommend The Casual Vacancy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowling. It is a Thriller.
Yes. Where to Find Them is a book in the same series. Anything else I can help you with?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic. Have you seen those?
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
Have you seen Zodiac? It's a crime drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays for Real Madrid C.F..
I am more of a American soccer fan. What about you? What sport do you like?
I'm sure you'll love it.
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it's a thriller?
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen starred in Midnight in Paris.
It's a romance film.
I like murder mystery too.
That is a good one. I would also recommend Waterworld.
Sure, Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his work?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know who else wrote Persuasion?
Persuasion was originally published in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure if Lindsay Sloane starred in the movie, but Horrible Bosses is a comedy.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I am not a huge sports to watch but I do know he won a lot of PGA Championships.
I am not a huge fan of tennis, but I do enjoy watching a match here and there
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is speculative fiction.
The Inkheart was also written by Cornelia Funke, have you read that one?
I haven't read any of her books, but I do know that Cornelia also wrote A Light In The Attic, have you read that?
I sure can! He wrote Adventureland. Have you read that one yet?
The River is a Drama and Hatchet. Do you like drama books?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes! Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However Real Steel was written by Shawne Lilly and starred Shawne Lilly.
I'm sorry, I don't, but Real Steel was produced by Shawne LaMarr.
Did you like the movie because it was written by John Grisham?
Then you might also enjoy The Usual Suspects or The Black Dahlia.
No problem, enjoy!
The Hunt for Red October is a good one by Brian DePalma
I don't really know much about him, other than he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C..
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple, have you read that?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
You're welcome.
He's a good athlete. He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
No I did not. Is he a Midfielder as well?
They have a lot of good players, do you know who they play?
No I don't. Is he a midfielder?
Yes I do. It is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his books?
The Wise Man's Fear is a good one. Have you read it?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2014
You are very welcome!
The Elite is written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013. Do you like Kiera Cass' books?
Kiera Cass has also written The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also produced The Guard. Have you seen that one?
Kiera Cass wrote the music for The Guard. what else can i do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What genres do you like?
Sure! Did you enjoy The Social Network because it stars Justin Timberlake or because it is a biographical film?
Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Social Network
I'm not sure of the release date for The Hummingbird Project.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, it is written by Roberto Orci. Do you like Sci-fi?
The genre is Treasure Island. If you like Treasure Island you might also enjoy The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of these?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, you can try The Road to El Dorado. It is also a great book.
I haven't seen it, but I know that it was written by Robert A. Heinlein, and starred Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
He's been in lots of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is one of the great Godfather movies.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. anything else i can do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure, Aladdin was written by Joel Coen and starred Aladdin. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements, who also wrote The Little Friend. Are you familiar with that one?
The Lion King was released in 2005. It's a Disney movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and many more.
The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1950.
No problem, enjoy!
Ok! You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Well, I don't really know much about the football player, would you like to know who the quarterback is?
Is he a DJ/musician?
alright. what do you think about Young Buck?
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read either of those?
Root Root Root also starred in The Jungle Book 2. Do you want to know more about that movie?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was written by Terry Pratchett.
Sure! A Grief Observed written by C.S Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 1950.
I'm not sure of that one, but I know he also wrote The Last Days of Dogs if you haven't read that one.
Sure, will do.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
I know they are in the NBA and are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Do you like them?
No I haven't but I know that Mike Woodson is the owner of the Madison Square Garden
The Hornets have a heck of a twist to the Hornets, do you know who the coach is?
Yes, he wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. Have you read that one?
I don't know that information, but I do know Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Are you a fan of the director? I can tell you that Alaska directed the movie.
Yes, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series.
Yes he did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is an excellent book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer but I do know he's a midfielder.
I didn't know that. Isn't he a German footballer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he is from Germany. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he has a great stats for the Green Bay Packers.
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I would recommend The Mexican by him then, it is a western.
You're welcome!
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a thriller film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Matt Damon stars in Memento
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix as well
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
I am not sure about that, but The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is considered fantasy.
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Silence of the Lambs are also in that genre.
Yes, she wrote The Sea of Monsters. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I believe it was the latest movie, but I don't know much about it though. Isn't she married to a woman?
The Holiday was released in 1996.
I'm not sure, but Sarah Parish is a romantic comedy-drama film.
yea, Sarah Parish has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
yes Kate Winslet also starred in The Wedding Date
Yes I would. WALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, WALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also enjoy X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Sure! X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class are the last stand.
Yes- State of the Union is a great movie. I highly recommend it.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure of the release date of the movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I can also recommend What Happened to Goodbyes and When You Reach Me. Have you read these books?
Of course, some other books you might like include What Happened to Goodbyes and When You Reach Me.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about the Great Gilly Hopkins but I know it is a Children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Philip Pullman. It's fiction as well.
I have not, but I know it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Poland national football team.
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Borussia Dortmund team. Who is your favorite player?
I would have to say I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
He's a great actor. He starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Do you like his work?
It's an autobiography. He is from the United States of America.
I don't think so, but I know he is a film producer.
Sure, adding now. Enjoy!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2005 and is an autobiographical novel.
I'm not very familiar with that book but I know it was released in 2014 and is about China Dolls.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is written by Quentin Tarantino?
Grindhouse was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed The Usual Suspects. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry I don't, but it was directed by Rob Zombie and released in 2004.
Sure! Flickan som lechter wrote The Girl in the Spider, which was written by Stieg Larsson.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery thriller that was released in 2009.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However I can tell you that Wicked is classified as a thriller and drama.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, that's a great book, I think you'll enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player, what do you think of him?
I'm sure you'll like Space Jam. He's alright. He's alright. Did you know he was born in Benton Harbor? He was in that.
Yeah, they love Ghostbusters, too. Who's your favorite actor?
Yes, he did. Dan Aykroyd was great in that movie.
Sure! Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel as well.
Yes, he was great in that movie as well as The Fast and the Furious.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and Travels with Charley: In Search of America. Have you read either of these?
Yes, he wrote What Lies Beneath, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Yes, he also did Mary Shelley
Yes, I would say it is a good one as well. You should give it a watch.
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I don't watch much football but I do know Eli Manning is a QB. Who's your favorite player?
I'm a fan of thriller movies like Cloverfield. Have you seen that one?
I have not, but I know that it was written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun.
I'm sure that Circling the Sun was influenced by Paula McLain, who also wrote Circling the Sun.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Psychological thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it yet?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote Lord of the Flies
It was written by Robert Jordan and directed by George R. R. Martin.
Yes, it is a war movie. It's based on the classic War of the Worlds.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! She wrote Where You Are and Where You Are. Have you read them?
It was released in 2011
Zooey Deschanel and Watchers were released in 2011
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you read it?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK. He also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, and Top Secret. Would you like to know more?
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Cobbs. Would you like to know more about it?
Robert De Niro was the author of that film. He also produced This is the End.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
The Running Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
XXX is a great action movie, have you seen it yet?
No problem, enjoy!
I know that Hush is a movie written by David Nicholls and starring Tom Hanks.
She also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read either of these?
You might also enjoy the book The Time Keeper's Daughter, it is in the same genre as well. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls.
The Silver Castle was released in 2005 and is a memoir
Ok glad to help
Yes, John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes, you are right. I'm not sure if that's true. I would recommend Escape from New York as well.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Kurt Russell also starred in Escape from L.A.., which is a drama.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
I do not have that information but I can tell you that Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret.
She also wrote The Nanny Diaries which was released in 2002.
Yes, he has starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and The Patriot. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat is a comedy film that also stars Orlando Bloom and David Benioff. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure how animated it is, but Your Friend the Rat is a cartoon too.
You're welcome!
I have not read that book but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak. Do you like her work?
I think you might enjoy The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is written by Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Did you know she dated Anna Kournikova? She influenced her music as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! He wrote the book The Legend of Tarzan. Have you read it?
Yes, it was adapted into a film which was directed by Mark Haddon.
Yes he did and he also produced The Bourne Legacy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Here Comes the Boom. Have you read it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Salma Hayek is a comedy.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Have you seen that one?
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a book by Mickey Knox. Have you seen that one?
I don't know who stars in it, but it is a comedy film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like Basketball?
The Order was released in 2002 starring Heath Ledger. Do you like him?
I'm not sure who else starred in the movie, but the movie was directed by Heath Ledger as well
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Blind Side is written by Philip Pullman and stars Tom Hanks.
Drama is also a good movie. Have you seen The Kingdom? It's starring Robert De Niro?
Sure! Moneyball stars Brad Pitt and is a comedy film directed by David Fincher.
Yes, City of Ashes was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Sure, have you read The Silver Chair or The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes?
Sure, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by Cassandra Clare, who also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes and City of Ember.
No problem! Anything else?
Yes, he directed Zootopia which is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also directed and produced the Harry Potter film The Prisoner of Azkaban.
I can't seem to find that information, but I can tell you more about the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C. S. Lewis in 1952. Do you like Romance novels?
He wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and many more. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is one of my favorite songs.
I don't know much about Liverpool but I do know that they are owned by Paul McCartney.
I don't really know much about him as I am a huge fan of the Liverpool. I do know he is a very good player.
I don't really care for his music, but I know he has a good playlist called Yellow Submarine with Paul McCartney.
She's great! She wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife.
Wintergirls is a Fiction Novel that was released in 1995.
Yes, I will do. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. I love Rihanna. She wrote the songs he wrote. What's your favorite Rihanna song?
That's a good song from her. Did you know she dated Anna Kournikova?
It is a science fiction action film, do you like those types of movies?
Sure, he is a great actor. He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Marc Forester starred in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen which is an action film. Do you like action films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy them!
Absolutely! Mockingjay is an actor who starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Xenocide, and X-Men: First Class.
Have you read Xenocide or Wuthering Heights? They are both young-adult fiction books.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that?
Yes, that is a great movie! Jonathan Daton also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Elizabeth is an animated film about history. You may want to check out Little Miss Sunshine if you like that.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that?
You're very welcome!
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his books?
The Notebook is a teen drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
Yes, it was made into a movie by Nicholas Sparks. It is a romance film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure, I would recommend The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks then. It is a good read.
The Matrix Revolutions was produced by Lana Wachowski, who also produced and directed the Matrix.
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, which is a sci-fi film
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River."
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Jada Pinkett Smith starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
Tim Robbins directed the thriller The Matrix.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen that one, can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure if he's seen anything recent, but if you like thrillers I recommend Shark Night.
You're welcome.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
I haven't, but I heard it was a good movie. Do you like science fiction?
Sure, M.L. Steadman also produced The Box, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do. Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier.
I'm sorry I don't, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
I'm not sure of that information, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I am not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
I don't really love the stadium that you have in Pittsburgh. Is there anything else I can help with?
i really like the Dallas Cowboys. who is your favorite player?
I think Ben Roethlisberger is a great coach. what do you think?
Yeah, I think they will make it to the next year.
Yes, I am a huge fan of his music. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
I'm not sure of the genre, but I know it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I know Time and Friends with Benefits is a comedy film.
Yes, she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
American Idol has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend you to watch American Idol if you like.
Yes, she's a doll that came to life. Do you like dolls?
Do you like Rudy because it is a thriller or a thriller?
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio is also in the Romance film, have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
She wrote I am Malala Yousafzai, have you read that?
Would you like to know some other poets?
You're welcome.
Yes I do. Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like the author?
Yes, Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
I believe it to be a drama
You might enjoy The Bluest Eye
It was written by Terry Pratchett
You are welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Do you like war films?
Matt Damon and Alex Garland both star in Downfall.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed Toy Story 3. Do you want to know more about this movie?
I'm not sure of his other movies, but I do know he was in The Walt Disney Company.
I'm sorry I don't, but Andrew Stanton also wrote Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, it's a drama written by Ernest Hemingway. Have you read that one?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a classic. Have you read it yet?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great writer. He wrote Playing for Keeps. Have you read it?
It's a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
It was released in 2004. Playing for Keeps stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure! Enjoy!
I haven't seen that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that it is written by Martin McDonagh starred in In Bruges.
Yes, he did and the Prince of Egypt was written by David Ayer.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He directed American Pie. Have you seen that one?
I think he also made American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
No, I haven't. What else can I do for you?
Yes, he directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen that one?
Sure! The Nightingale is written by Philip Pullman. It's a great children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Yes, I would recommend The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah. It is a short story but I do not like her. Does that interest you?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him except that he starred in The Expendables 2. Do you like him?
It was written by Vivica A. Fox and stars Sharlto Copley. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I highly recommend it.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is written by James Dashner. Do you like his books?
The Cat in the Hat is a picture book written by Theodore Lesieg and was released in 1953.
Yes they are and both as well as a Children's Literature and children's literature.
I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash was directed by J.K. Simmons and released in 2014 starring J.K. Simmons. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She also starred in The Longest Ride along with Jennifer Lawrence.
Okay, I will give it a try. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes it is! It also stars Melissa Benoist and Julia Roberts.
Yes, I have seen Faster. I also like Men of Honor!
You are welcome
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I prefer Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm more of a Lakers fan, but I think LeBron is a great player for the Los Angeles Lakers. How about you?
Yes, the Lakers have a good season this year! Do you have a favorite team?
Larissa wrote асска и овести, andес.
I'm sorry I don't, but I do know that she wrote Pacckaи и овести.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Did you enjoy The Notebook because it was romance or romance?
Then I would recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape and What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, but I know they are owned by Dwight Schar. Do you like them?
I don't really know anything about him, but Pete Rozelle is a coach of the Seattle Seahawks.
That's too bad, I didn't know that. I know Pete Rozelle starred in The Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Month.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Lost: From Lost to Lost: From Lost to Lost: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a self help book. I would suggest that one as well.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling in 2013. Are you a fan of the cuckoo's Calling?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure of the genre, but I know she's written a bunch of books in the fantasy genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do! He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure about that. I can tell you more about Reno Lennon if that's the show.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. I think it is a good movie. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Do you like the Little House on the Prairie because it is Speculative fiction or because it's romance?
Yes, there is another book in the series, would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is written by J.R. Tolkien
Yes, I like her sister Serena better. Do you like her sister Serena?
No I did not. Did you know that she starred in Hair Show?
I didn't know that, but I know that Venus has a sister named Serena Williams, who is also a tennis player.
Yes, the Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he did. The Da Vinci Code was written by Dan Brown. Dan Brown also wrote The Inferno
Yes, he wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Yes, have you tried The Da Vinci Code or The Lost Symbol?
Glad to help
Yes, I do. Do you like X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, you might enjoy the Avengers: Age of Ultron or the Avengers.
I haven't seen that one yet, will I check that out?
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read that?
It's an excellent book. It was released in 1891.
Tim Dolin also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Ricky Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Infinite Jest, The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of these?
He has written many books including The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great movie starring Will Smith. Do you like Thrillers?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like her work?
Okay, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wild Hogs.
The Untouchables was written by William Nicholson and stars William Nicholson. He also stars in The Old Curiosity Shop.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like the Last Song because it is a romance film?
Two by Two was written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read that one?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes, they are a K-pop band from Seoul that sing pop music
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is speculative fiction. Do you like fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
Yes, School for Scounds is a science fiction action film directed by Robert A. Heinlein and was released in 2004.
No problem, any time!
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great books that he wrote.
It's a fiction novel. Would you like to know more about Fantastic Beasts or Where to Find Them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he was in Hook Ya Crook, have you seen it?
That's a sport I like to watch. What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall played in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
BFG is written by Roald Dahl. Do you like his work?
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's Literature and Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
I'm sorry I don't have information about that.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about soccer. I don't know much about their team but Wayne Bridge played for them. Do you like football?
I do! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Do you like movies in the same genre, Sci-Fi or Adventure?
Sure, he also starred in Unforgivable Blackness and The Invisible Man.
Sure, Temuera Morrison and Robert Downey Jr. also star in Iron Man 3.
Absolutely, have a great day
I can! Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones, who also produced The Fault in Our Stars.
Jon Favreau wrote Iron Man 2, have you read that one?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? Joe Johnston wrote that.
They are definitely one of my favorites. You should check it out when you have time, it's really good.
Yes, he was in Captain America: The First Avenger. He's a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects.
She also wrote Into the Wild as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However Gillian wrote Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2014. Another good book from her is Sharp Objects.
Yes, I do. He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
Cold Blood is Drama. He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you read it?
Transformers is written by Michael Bay. Did you know he starred in The Matrix?
It's a great movie! It stars Bruce Willis, Brad Pitt, and Jack Black. It's considered a thriller.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He's also in the Science Fiction genre.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Cotta Vaz has written a few great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you the Twilight Series is based on the Twilight series.
I don't think so, but I do know that Stephanie Meyer also wrote The Chemist, have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths is written by David Fincher and stars Christian Bale.
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Bill Bryson. Do you like the book because it is a drama?
It's a drama that also falls into the same genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, but I know he plays Golf. Do you like Golf?
I don't really know much about Golf, but I know Adam Sandler was in that movie. Do you know what year that came out?
Yes, I like Julia Bowen too. I think she's a great actress.
Sure! She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Situation, but I know Connie Nielsen directed The Ice Harvest
It's a Historical period drama
The 5th Wave is an adventure film starring Rick Yancey. Have you seen it?
That was released as a sci-fi movie in 2016. Would you like to know more about The Last Samurai?
I also like movies about war. Is that what interests you?
Sure! The Last Star is a mystery movie you might enjoy.
No problem, enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
I agree. I like her music as well. She's been in a few things, like The Lorax and Valentine's Day.
I agree. Did you know she dated Anna Kournikova? She was in Valentine's Day, too.
Yes I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those movies?
No, I haven't. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Ted is a great movie. I liked him in The Proposal. I recommend that one as well.
I am sure you'll enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like all of the Gomez songs, how about you?
Yes, I like his music a lot. Selena Gomez also is a judge.
Do you like the Star Wars movies because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it
He was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Apocalypse
Sure, Click was written by Adam Sandler who also wrote Click.
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 2003
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2005
No problem, enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1926. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it was. The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released also in 1891.
Then you might also enjoy Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Stand. Have you read it?
Yes I do. She composed You Lost Me. I love her music. Do you?
Yea, I haven't heard any songs that he has done. I'm not sure what kind of music he's done, but I know he's composed a lot of music. I think I'd like to listen to it now.
I'm not sure if that's the same, but if you like Coldplay, you might also like the song You Got Served.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Do either of those genres interest you?
Bobby has a genre of Drama, Comedy, and Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I haven't really followed them much so I don't really know how they are doing this season but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is their coach. Are they your favorite team?
I think they will win a Super Bowl XLVII championship. Which team do you think will be in the AFC South?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't really follow basketball too much. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, that's a great one for sure. I'd also like Space Jam.
Yes, that is a great book. It was written by William Shakespeare. Are you familiar with his work?
This book was released in 1626
OK, glad to have helped.
Yes I do. She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Venus is a female tennis player as well. Do you like her sister Serena?
Yes, Maria Sharapova is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but I do know he used to play for the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not sure of that, but I do know that Caldwell coached the Detroit Lions.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that book?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released that year.
Have you seen The Prisoner of Zenda? It was also released that year.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Mervyn Peake starred in the movie.
I'll do that right away, enjoy!
Yes, there was a book based on J.K. Rowling's work called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is a book that was released in 1996. It is a self help book.
It was released in 1998. It is a Non-Fiction movie.
No problem!
Yes, The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner. Have you read it?
She did! She also wrote We the Living. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories?
I don't know of any horror books written by Bram Stoker, but I do know that there are a number of books from that time period. Would you like to know more about that?
The Girl Next Door is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to know more about that?
The Girl Next Door is written by E.B. White
Sure! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
Under the Tuscan Sun has a genre of Romance and Drama.
No problem, I am happy I could help.
Do you like the movie because it is a romance movie or because it is a drama?
Yes, she wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Yes, he also wrote Go Set A Watchman
Yes I do it is a great movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like Marlon Brando?
No, I haven't seen it yet, I know it stars Al Pacino. Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, it's a drama.
Yes, I think you'd enjoy it. It stars Al Pacino and Robert De Niro as well.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now but it is a great movie!
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now but I can tell you that Al Pacino also starred in The Power of Forgiven
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I know he directed The Terminator and The Order.
Lionheart is written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and stars Brian Thompson.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Harrison Page also starred in The Passage, The Kite Runner, and many more.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but the movie was directed by Martin McDonagh.
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Seven Psychopaths.
Yes he is, and he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't follow the sport. Who is your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler is a great shooting guard, so I think your spouse can get a chance to check it out. I love the shooting guards!
Would you like to know other books written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Sure, Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like movies written by him?
Yes he does! He also produced the series Twilight. Have you seen that one?
I don't know if he produce anything else. However, if you like horror films he also produced Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen those?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and it was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote The Last Days of Our Lives. Have you read that one?
I am not sure about that but I can give you some other books released in 2014 if you are interested.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote The Sea of Monsters. Have you read that?
Robert De Niro also starred in that movie. Do you like him?
He also produced the drama, The Intouchables. Have you seen it?
John Cusack wrote War Inc. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
I'm not sure about that, but Justin Timberlake starred in Vanilla Sky.
I'm not sure of Will Smith's friends, but I can tell you that Will Smith is a romantic friend to a romance/comedy.
Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is another book by Harper Lee, have you read it yet?
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Shadowhunter's Codex is written by Frank Beddor.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I am more of a Boston Red Sox Fan, but I don't like the Yankees. What about you?
That's right, his son owns the team. They owns the Houston Astros.
Well, it seems that he has a lot of risks in heart attack. How about you?
I can't remember when Michael was in a heart attack, but it looks like he had a heart attack.
You should check it out sometimes. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I think she is a great athlete. I think she is a good athlete
I don't really follow badminton but I think I'd like to learn more about badminton. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's a Western Europe team. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I haven't read Last Sacrifice, but I know that it was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
He wrote Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure film also starring Maggie Smith
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do
I'm sorry I don't
Defending Jacob is a good one
You're Welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Then I would recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape produced by him.
I'm not sure of the release date of the book. But I can give you some other information about the book if you like.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Madagascar?
Then you might like Snow White and the Huntsman, it is also a family comedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Sure! The Wizard of Oz was written by Terry Goodkind. Have you seen that one?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! It is an action/adventure movie that was released in 2005.
You are very welcome!
I haven't read the book but I heard it's a good read.
I have not, but I have read At the Water's Edge.
I have not, but I know it is in English.
I will have to add it to your read list?
Have a good one!
OK, have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a book written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2016. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in V for Vendetta.
She has starred in The Hunger Games and Walk the Line. Have you seen either of those?
Brooke Lafferty was also in that movie as well
Okay, have a good day!
Yes, he is. He wrote The Last Days of Dogs. Have you read that one?
I don't know much about them. But I know they are a sports team. What can you tell me about them?
I am not a fan of the Nets, but I know they are owned by Jeffrey DeMunn.
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Sure! He is a great actor. He starred in The Good Guy and also in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of those?
End of Watch was released in 1992.
It is a film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal, did you know that?
Sure, have a good day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it yet?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. Another book in the series is The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read that?
It was released in 1961.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Have you read either of those?
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote The Shadows of Avalon, have you read that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Jungle. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What type of movies are you interested in?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Kristy Swanson is in a romance film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Fast and the Furious series. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like those genres?
You are very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he also wrote The Big Lebowski. Have you read that one?
I am sorry, I don't have that information. But O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005.
You are most welcome!
Yes, he was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Force. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. Do you like fiction?
Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story was released in 2008.
Yes, that's right. Wicked Appetite is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I haven't, but I know he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, I have The Cat in the Hat written by Ken Kesey. Have you read that one?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Usual Suspects. Have you seen that?
Do you like Leodicaprio because it's a thriller?
He starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
I'm sorry I don't know a similar movie but I know he starred in The Awakening
I'm not sure but I can tell you that Lukas Haas has starred in The Book of Eli which is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Joel Coen. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is a Fantasy and The Witching Hour is a fantasy.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp wrote District 9, a drama film. Do you like drama?
I'm not sure about that, but District 9 is a thriller.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a singer, song writer, singer, and song writer. What do you think?
I'm not really sure, but I know she has a few songs like We R Who We R, and Love You.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C..
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Manchester United F.C.. I don't know much about him.
I am not sure of where he is from. I know he is from Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote the movie Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Do you like his work?
I would definitely recommend There's Something About Mary, it has Ian McKellen in it.
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome, goodbye.
Yes, he plays basketball for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if he's still playing anymore, but I can tell you a lot about basketball. Do you like basketball?
I don't really like basketball. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote Where Rainbows End, The Time Machine, and The Sum of All Fears.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits. Have you read that one yet?
Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I would definitely recommend it for you.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Will Grayson was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
The Firm is a legal thriller and so is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure of the genre. It's similar to The Firm.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Island and Island. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. It was written by Aldous Huxley.
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about that?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
Yes, he also wrote The Secret History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
I'm sorry I don't, but I can tell you that Stephen Hawking is a very well known author.
No, I am happy I could help.
You're very welcome!
Sure! She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. Have you seen any of those?
That's a great movie, you might also enjoy the sequel Sneakers if you liked Robert Redford.
Yes, she is a great actress. She was also in The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen that one?
Scoop is a drama film.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of the genre. It was written in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song of hers is What's Eating Gilbert Grape. Have you heard of it?
I haven't, but I'm more of a fan of her music. What's your favorite of hers?
Yes, Gone Girl is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman is a Woman. What is her favorite song?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's one of my favorites.
Mrs. Doubtfire is more of a thriller, do you want to know more about it?
Yes, she was in that as well, along with Danny DeVito. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, he also directed that movie. Do you like his work?
Sure, Shark Night is another great thriller you might enjoy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
The Crucible has genre Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Yes, have you read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby? It's a tragedy.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien, do you want to know more about it?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I think he's a good basketball player but I'm not a huge fan of him. How about you?
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I like to watch basketball. I'm more of a Washington Redskins fan. How about you?
I'm not sure about that. I don't really know anything about him. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure! Mary Harron wrote The Wrestler, which is an action film. Have you seen it?
Mary is a drama film
your welcome
it was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote The Matrix Reloaded.
The Matrix Revolutions, and Speed Racer.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is starring Veronica Cartwright and was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Naomi Watts is a great director. If you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Yes, I do. I am a fan of Nicky Katt, who also starred in The Green Mile.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell. He is a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Fool's Gold is starring Kate Beckinsale and Josh Brolin.
Yes, he did. He was also in Fool's Gold, which is a drama.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
Sure, do you like books by Stephen Dubner?
you are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver is written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Sure! Did you enjoy Taxi Driver because it was written by Paul Schrader or because it stars Bill Murray?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is a midfielder. Do you like football?
I agree, do you know who he is? I don't know much about soccer.
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in England. Tom Brady is their coach. Do you like the Patriots?
The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction. Is that what interests you?
What of The Casual Vacancy, would you like to know about that?
Do you like fantasy books? I can add that to your watch list.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure of the name of the movie, but I know it was released in 2007 and is a drama.
No problem. What else can I do for you today?
You're welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
It's a drama that also falls into the same genre. I'm not sure if it is a good one to read.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Shining and The Fountainhead. Have you seen either of those?
Ponyo is a drama starring Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm sorry, I don't. But if you're interested in other films he starred in, he also starred in Toy Story 3.
Happy to help!
Yes, I am a big fan of Table Tennis. I don't know a lot about it. Do you like any other sport?
I am not familiar with that. I do know that he went to London. Do you like tennis?
2004 was the year that  1.  isn't that .
I agree. I like the Giants better than they usually do. I think the Giants are having a good season. Who's your favorite player?
I am not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants, but my team is the San Francisco Giants. Do you like them?
I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan, but I do like the Rangers. How about you?
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
It's too harsh for kids to read. I'm more of a children's literature so I would say it is not too harsh for kids to read.
How about 6th grade? It's in the children's literature.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote In Her Shoes. Have you read that one?
I am not sure of the genre, but I do know that Susannah Grant wrote The Sum of All Fears
Girls Night in Bed is a great movie. I think you would enjoy it.
I am sure that you will enjoy it!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
That movie stars Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Do you like his movies?
Dean Koontz also wrote The Good Guy which is also a thriller. Have you read it?
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett. It's also a thriller.
Pride and Sensibility is one of her works. Have you read it?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen in the genre of Thriller.
Jane Austen starred in Pride and Prejudice, and Mansfield Park.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like James Cameron or James Cameron in general?
You might also enjoy The Aviator or The Transporter. Have you seen those?
Yes, Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about that?
You might enjoy The Return of the King or The Emperor's New Groove.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal, which is a drama film.
Yes, I also like Sandra Bullock. She is a great actress.
The Proposition is a drama film
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that they do it with Mirrors is a Mystery.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Thriller. Is that what interests you?
Yes I do. I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, that's a great one. I also like Helen McCrory. I also like Helen McCrory. I highly recommend it.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. Mirna Mirnanda Richardson also starred in Love and Other Impossible Pursuits.
Yes, he directed Red Cliff. Have you seen it?
Red Cliff is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you enjoy war films, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen this one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Ben Ripley and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Darnell directed The Mists of Avalon which is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He directed The Stand, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Romance film similar to The Worlds End, would you like to know more about that?
I'm not sure but it was directed by Edgar Wright as well, but he also directed Shaun of the Dead.
You got it. Enjoy!
I haven't really followed him but I know he is from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
I don't really follow basketball, but I know he is from the United States of America.
I'm not sure but I know he is a point guard for the Lakers.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces and The Silver Chair. Have you read those?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I think he is a good athlete. What do you think of him?
I don't know much about tennis but I know he is from the United States of America.
No I didn't. Did you know that William Hurt and Tom Wilkinson were in that?
I'm not sure how they were doing, but I would love to help with that.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is an American writer, journalist, and film director. He wrote and directed that film. Have you seen it?
I believe it is in the genre of children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Paul Walker also starred in The Fast and the Furious.
I'm not sure if he passed, but I do know he was an actor in Takers.
He starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more?
I don't have any information on the genre but I can tell you The Truman Show is a Comedy.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Yes I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Sure! Fannie Flagg wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It is a drama film about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
I am not sure of any other psychological thrillers, but I can recommend some Shanghai Knights by Fannie Flag
You're welcome!
That's a great movie! It's starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tim Allen movies?
Yes, Andy is a great actor. He starred in Toy Story 3. Do you like him?
Yes, Toy Story 3 is a family comedy film produced by Ken Daurio, based on the true story. It is based on the true story of a boy born into a family who is suddenly able to speak to death.
Yes, Memento is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It's a psychological thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
I would also recommend "The Valley of Horses" if you liked that one.
Yes, he also wrote "The Valley of Horses".
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Neptune, and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with any of those?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Titan's Curse. Have you read that one?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he's a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
I'm not a big soccer fan, I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I don't know much about him either, but I know he's a Midfielder.
I am not a huge fan of her but I do know that she is a good athlete
I really don't follow soccer so much. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree. The Golden Compass is one of my favorite movies.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like speculative fiction?
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in The Tailor Soldiers which is also a film.
You're very welcome!
Yes I do. I am a huge fan of the National Treasure written by Neil Gaiman. Have you read it?
Yes that is a great Family Man. Would you like to know more?
Yes that is a great movie. I think it was released in 2001.
Sure! I hope you enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is written by John Steinbeck or because it is a Fantasy?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Secret River is a Historical fiction novel that was written in 1926. Is that what interests you?
I know that Chelsea is a romantic comedy film, do you like comedies?
I actually don't know much about the football team, unfortunately. I don't follow the sport much. Who is their coach?
No, I don't. What sport do you like?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, they are in the Premier League in London.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Drei Kameraden. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker. Do either of those genres interest you?
Yes, he also wrote The Hero of Radiance and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes they did, another book released in 2008
No problem, I'm happy to help.
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But if you're interested in other movies he's in the same genre, Shark Night is another movie that he's in.
OK. Then you might also enjoy the Avengers: Age of Ultron or The Avengers.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! He directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Have you seen any of those ?
Sure! Robert De Niro is a great actor. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that. I can give you some information about Hugh if you like.
I'm not a huge fan of thrillers, but I would recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Lean.
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, a few of my favorites are The Hunt for Red October and The Dark Knight. Have you seen those?
I would definitely recommend them, enjoy!
Glad I could help!
Sure! Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, have you seen that?
Yes, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is written by Terry Gilliam
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like dramas?
You might also enjoy The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks or The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks.
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
Yes, it was written by Zane Grey.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Sure! The Art of French Mastering of the Art of Cooking was released in 1999 and is a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Elso.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. He wrote that one as well.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenz, Warcraft, and Warcraft. Have you seen any of those?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i do for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and is considered a children's literature.
Happy to help! i hope you enjoy! i hope you have a great day!
Sure! Dark Places is a mystery novel written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like mystery books?
Yes, The Scar is a fiction novel written by Leigh Brackett and is also a mystery
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Russell. Do you like Kurt Russell?
He also directed Three Kings. Have you seen that one?
The King is a drama film that was released in 1999.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure but he was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories?
Vanishing Acts has a genre horror, so is The Haunted. Have you read it?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2017, the same year that The Haunted House was released. Have you read it?
Brave was directed by Steven Spielberg, who also directed Brave. Do you like him?
Have you seen Toy Story 2 or Monsters Inc?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for the Brazilian national football team.
Yes he is with Luis Fabiano
Yes I do. Did you know he wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight?
Yes, it's similar to The Maze Runner. Have you read that?
It's a film based on a book by J. R. Ward. It's part of a series.
I'll add that now.
I don't really know anything about cricket. Is he a good player?
I really don't follow cricket so I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not a huge fan of cricket but I do know that Harbhajan Singh is from the Mumbai Indians.
Sure! She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read any of them?
Yes. If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released that same year. I highly recommend it.
I am not sure of the release date. I do know If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
No problem. I am happy to help.
Yes, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Simone Elkeles wrote a book in English called Wild Cards. Does that sound interesting to you?
Good to know! I am glad I could help.
Sure, Harold Ramis wrote Stripes, have you seen that one?
Since you like comedy, I would recommend Stripes. It's one of my favorites.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie with him in the comedy genre
Yes, he wrote the Social Network and Steve Jobs. Have you read either of these?
Of course! Wither was a great book, written by Wither. Have you read The Life and Times of the Wicked Witches? That's a good one.
Sure! She also wrote a book called Wither that was released in 2011. It is a dystopian novel.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read that?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believer
True Believer is a thriller novel by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller, similar to True Believer.
No problem. I am here for you.
The dallas cowboys are a great team, but I don't know much about the cowboys. Who is your favorite author?
I don't really know much about the Cowboys, but I know they are owned by George Cosmatos.
I agree, they must have a lot of fun!
Yes, he is an author, an actor and an athlete. He was in Jumbo.
Yes, he was. Slumdog Millionaire is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like horror films, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that one?
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee
You're welcome.
I think she is a great athlete. I think she is a good athlete
No, I haven't. What sport does Zlatan Ibrahimovi play?
Yes, I have heard of Serena Williams, but I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, I love Adam Levine. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
Yes she is. Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
It has a little bit of mystery as well as a few more names. My favorite song is What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Kick ass is starring Nicolas Cage. Do you like him?
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was directed by David Fincher.
Nicolas Cage also starred in a romance film called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy film.
He directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like him a lot. He's a good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, I like Zakira better. I know a few of his songs. I like her too.
I don't really know, but I know he has a lot of talents to be a Padma Shri!
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
You might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
Its about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Glad to be of help!
Yes, Gangs of New York is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Liam Neeson because it's an action movie?
Sure. Schindler's List is written by Steven Spielber. He also starred in The New York Trilogy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the book because it is written by J.R.R Tolkien?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in this genre.
Great. Then I would also recommend The House of Seven Gables.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain. It's also speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, have you read those?
Sure! La sombra del viento, El juego del viento, and El juego del viento.
Yes, you're welcome!
No problem, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know she is an actress. She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy.
It was released in the 1980's
In the Muppets, she also starred in The Muppets
The Muppets is a drama, do you know her real name?
I'm not a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I know they are owned by Jim Caldwell
I like Lamar Jackson, he's a good guy. I like Lamar Jackson though. How about you?
I hope you have a good time.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's speculative fiction?
You might enjoy The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues by Richelle Mead.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of young-adult fiction and was written by Richelle Mead. The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction as well.
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or Young-Adult Fiction as well.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you a fan of hers?
She also wrote The Green Mile, which is a speculative fiction book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it is speculative fiction.
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
I'm not sure of his other titles, but I can recommend some other films he wrote like Resident Evil. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like Pulp Fiction?
It was written by Roger Avary and stars Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey, Jim Carrey is a drama, directed and produced by Roger Avary
He's also on The Messenger which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Silent Hill is a horror movie. Do you like Horror movies? Silent Hill is a horror movie.
I liked her in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you read those?
She also starred in Apocalypse Now have you seen that?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
That's a great song. I also like Dance music. Have you ever heard of it?
I'm not really familiar with her music but I'd love to help with that.
Sure, she wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome. Have you read either of those?
The Thorn Birds was released in 2015 and The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough.
The First Man in Rome is a classic!
Alison Doody has starred in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you seen those?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1988
Sean Connery and Cameron Diaz starred in the Last Crusade
your welcome
Of course! Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You might enjoy The Fault in our Stars or The Sea of Monsters.
You're welcome!
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It is a really good book.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. Her Cousin Rachel was released in 1938.
Yes, I like him a lot. Did you know he wrote The Muse which is a satire?
Yes, The Muse is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, I do! The Muse is a great movie that you should check out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I loved the animation film The Incredibles. What else can I do for you?
Yes, he does. Steve Carell is a great actor. Have you seen any of his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter and a few more. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Rear Window and A Christmas Carol, have you read them?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is fantasy?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith starred in The Matrix. You should check that one out?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really like them, but I think they are one of the best NFL team in the AFC West. Do you have a favorite team?
Tom Brady and the Patriots lost to the Patriots. Do you like Tom Brady?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I love John Lennon! He wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is one of my favorites.
I don't really know any other songs he's written. Is he a singer/songwriter too?
Do you like Ant-Man because it is an adventure movie or because it is a sci-fi?
I haven't seen any of them but I do know that Ant-Man is a comic book and a comic book as well.
I also like Drama and Adventure movies. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by James Dashner. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am sorry, I don't have any other information about Pearl Harbor.
I haven't seen that one, but I know it was written by Steve Kloves. Have you seen it?
There is a sequel
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't really know much about him. How about you?
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I know that the Warriors are coached by Steve Kerr. Who's your favorite player?
I'm not sure if it does. I'm not sure Steve James doesn't star in it but he's also in The Wrestler.
I haven't seen Space Jam or Hoosiers! That's one of my favorite basketball movies!
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Science Fiction Novel. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a football team. They play in the NFC West. Do you like them?
I am not a football fan, I do know the Packer is a Midfielder. Do you like football?
I like to watch college football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
It's a drama film. Aside from Duvall, he's also in The Apostle. Have you seen The Apostle?
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Yes he is. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I'm not sure of that information, but I know Shaun White is from the United States of America.
I'm not sure, but I know Shaun White is from San Diego.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Have you tried The Matrix? It is also a science fiction film.
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Philip K. Dick. It is a science fiction film.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about football either. I do know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check that out.
Last Sacrifice is written by Richelle Mead. She is a Young-adult fiction writer. Do you like that genre?
I believe it is a silly book
I'm not sure but she also wrote The Golden Lily
You're welcome
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
The Hunger Games is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Do you like the Hunger Games because it is a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Eric Carle is also a teacher.
He also wrote To Build a Fire. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other books by him.
Yes. He also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
No problem.
Bruce Greenwood is a great actor. He starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him. I know he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't, but I know they won the Super Bowl XLVII championship
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Dallas Cowboys
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams and Venus Williams. Do you like her?
I can also recommend Zoe's Tale and Xenocide. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't. I can tell you more about her but I can tell you more about her.
You are most welcome.
That's a great book. The next book in the series is A Little Princess, have you read that?
Oh yes, that's right. There are so many great children's literature that you might enjoy. The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Tao of Pooh.
Yes, it is. I think you'll really enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't really know much about them except that their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
I'm not sure Jason Kidd is the current coach, but I know he's a good player.
I don't know much about Greek Freak except for their Freakness. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did Wonder Boys was released in 1985.
Yes, they are together. I am a big fan of their music. Do you like them?
The Road was written by Rick Riordan. The next book in the series is The Subterraneans, have you read that?
Have you read The Subterraneans, The War of the Worlds or The Gods of Mars?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he wrote a book called Insurgent.
Yes, he does write science fiction books as well.
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Terminal stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do!
I'm not sure about that, but Tom Hanks does star in That Thing You Do.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that?
I don't really know much about her, but I do know that Tina Fey is married to Tina Fey. Do you like TV shows?
Yes, I do like Saturday Night Live. Do you know of any other satire shows?
I'm not sure of the invention of Lying, but I do know that Invention of Lying is also a film.
I'm not sure of that information unfortunately, but I can give you some information on that TV if you'd like?
Yes, she's a very talented athlete. She's a famous athlete for soccer.
I'm not sure of that information, but I know he is from the United States of America.
Yeah, she's quite funny. I remember when she was born in Alexandria, Georgia.
I like her song Your Love is My Drug. What about you?
I don't know much about her as well, but I do know that she is a good singer. What do you think?
Yeah, I like Yellow Submarine a lot. I think I'd like to learn more about it.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice. Have you read it?
I'm not sure about that one, but Go Ask Alice was released in 1997.
I'm not sure about that, but I know it was written by Beatrice Sparks and it was released in 1997.
No problem, enjoy!
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Iliad.
Yes, it's also considered children's literature, so I would suggest that one.
I'm not sure about that, but Wintersmith was written by Terry Goodkind.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Freakonomics. Have you seen that?
I am not sure but I know it was written by Seth Gordon and stars David Benioff. Do you like those actors?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team
That's a very interesting fact about soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Yes, she is. I'm more of a tennis fan. I'm more of a tennis fan. What do you think?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in The Terminator, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert De Niro and Mark Boal are two of the players of True Lies.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine, do you like her work?
Ella Enchanted is a drama film
Yes it is available to watch.
You are welcome
Sure! Irwin Kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Temptation.
The Return of a Man Called Horse also stars William Hurt and Frank Grillo.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Did you know he wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was published in 1856. It's a speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction and was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, it stars Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was
No I haven't. What movie is that about?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
Sure. The Portable Atheist was written by Paul Conrad. He also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it is. It's in the English language.
He wrote peter pan
It was released in 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie is an author.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read either of these?
Jane Eyre is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! One of my favorites is David Copperfield. Have you read it?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome! I would also recommend The Golden Lily.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He plays in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a tennis fan. I like Serena better. How about you?
That's amazing! Then I would have to start watching the rough streets of Compton.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't really follow basketball so I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Haha, I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
The Chronicles of Narnia series
you are welcome. anything else i can help
Yes, The Help was directed by Tate Taylor-Johnson. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a great actress. She also starred in The Help. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but I can help you with anything else. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, he directed The Ninth Configuration and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did direct that musical. State Fair is a classic!
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He's also in The Niners, which is a great musical.
You're welcome! I hope you have a great day.
Sure! Did you know that Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
Yes, it is written by George A. Romero. Are you a Pat Conroy fan?
She's written a number of books including Untamed, Teardrop, and Teardrop. Have you read any of these?
it is a children's literature
No problem.
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in lots of films such as Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Tombstone also starred Robert De Niro and Richard Portnow. Would you like to know more about the film?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
She also writes fiction novels as well as romance and crime fiction novels. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Paul Verhoeven is an actor. He starred in RoboCop 3. Have you seen it?
RoboCop has also produced the thriller The Voyage Home. Have you seen that one?
Total Recall is a science fiction thriller film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman starred in other great movies?
Undertow is written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Shelley Duvall is also in this movie.
Yes, The Thirteenth Floor is a Drama, Sci-Fi film. Is that what you are looking for?
Do you like Fantasy movies? If so, you might also enjoy The Lost Hero.
Ok. Then you might also like The Return of the King or The Gold Medal. Have you seen either of these?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and stars Sam Elliott.
You're very welcome!
Ok, enjoy!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. That was released in 2002 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that's a great one. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Tim Roth, Gary Oldman, and Bradley Cooper starred in that movie. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Sean Harris starred in The Good Doctor.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a good team. I prefer the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco Giants.
That's true. 2014 is a great year for baseball, baseball, and baseball. What about you?
That's a great team! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer
Sure, she is in The Matrix. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure of the release date for The Equalizer, but I can give you some other information about the film if you like.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan of table tennis?
That's right. He's from China. I'm not sure if he's from China.
Yes, it does. He also starred in The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
A similar book is The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, which was also written by Guy Cardwell.
Yes, you may also enjoy The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by John Newberry.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has genres Speculative fiction and Children's Literature.
No, problem you enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are some of his most popular novels.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Hunt for Red October and the movie is written by Tom Clancy
The genre is a war film and release date is April of 2010.
You are most welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in that. Do you like him?
Yes, he is one of the funny actor of Zoolander movies. Did you know he directed the hilarious movie True Grit?
Yes, he was. Luke Wilson also starred in the Royal Tenenbaums.
Can I help you with anything else?
I like her music a lot, too. I like all the songs she composed. What's your favorite Britney song?
I didn't know she was a fan of hers, but I remember watching her on American Idol. Did you see that?
That's cool. I haven't seen any of the movies that I have seen before. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the Terminal because it is a drama?
Sure, Catch Me If You Can was released in 2012 and written by Liisa Garner. Do you like her work?
Yes, The Terminal has a genre of Comedy, Comedy and Comedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, a drama film. Do you like dramas?
The Great Escape was released in 2001. Would you like to know who else was in the movie?
The Towering Inferno was written by Terry Brooks, who also wrote The Sand Pebbles.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the genre of this book?
J.K. Rowling is the author.
Have you read When you are Engulfed in Fire?
That one is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was written by Oz, would you like to know more about that?
J.K. Rowling wrote the Wizard of Oz
The Adventure movie is in the Adventure genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a great Fantasy movie
Yes, I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
That's really cool. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's true. He's a great coach. I wonder if he's better than Louis van Gaal.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
Definitely, will do.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that?
Stephen Chbosky starred in that movie. Do you like his movies?
Yes. Emma Watson starred in The Perks of Being a Walflower.
He also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, Interview with the Vampire is written by Mark Burnett and stars Brad Pitt. Do you like the genre Thriller?
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and another one called The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a Dodgers fan, but I don't like the Dodgers. Do you like the Dodgers?
I don't think so. Are they having a good season this year?
I believe so. Can you tell me more about the San Francisco Giants?
I can't remember when they won the World Series. Who's your favorite player?
Oh yes! I love Meryl Streep! She wrote that. She also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
Then you might enjoy The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight Rises.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in The Phantom, which is a thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
Yes, that's right, he was also in Treasure Planet. Do you like movies that he has starred in?
Yes it is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yes, William Friedkin wrote The Hunted and starred in the movie. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But if you like thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction
Yes, it is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
No. The Good Guy is in the genre of romance and comedy.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much about them but I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like college football and football
I love watching tennis tennis, how about you?
I'm not sure of similar directors, but I know he directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Joaquin Phoenix starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin also starred in Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is No. 54 but her current ranking is No.1.
You are welcome, thank you for the information.
He wrote Three Cups of Tea and Three Cups of Tea.
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Matrix. Have you read that?
Absolutely, I can tell you that he also wrote The New York Trilogy and The Southern Vampire Mysteries. Have you read either of those?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Fairest.
I'm not quite sure of the genre, but The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy, have you read that?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time but I can also recommend other books by Gail Carson.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I don't know who he is. Is he a good coach?
Yes, Nate Irving is a free agent. Is he your favorite team?
Yes he is a football player. He plays for Manchester United F.C..
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree, they have a good offense to watch!
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? He also wrote The Long Haul
Yes it is, it is a romantic comedy, similar to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that?
No problem, enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He actually wrote Apocalypto, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! It stars Christo Jikov and was written by J.K. Rowling.
Glad to be of help!
Divergent is a young-adult fiction. Do you like movies in those genres?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent.
You're welcome!
Yes, that was written by Vera Farmiga and was released in 2011.
Sure! It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote Where Rainbows End
I am not sure but I would say it is a drama.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about this?
The Golden Compass movie stars Sam Elliott. Do you like him?
I would also recommend Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He directed Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yuvraj Singh also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
Yes I do. She composed You Lost Me.
I like Shakira, too. I like her song a lot. My favorite song of hers is Selena Gomez.
I'm more of a classic rock singer. I like dance music.
Yes, it was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Me Before You was written by Quentin Blake. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, have you seen that?
I'm not sure about that, but I know he is a great actor. Do you like science fiction movies?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player, right?
I definitely agree. I like her sister Serena better though.
How are they doing this season?
I am not a big fan of the NBA but I do know they are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company.
He also played for the Seattle Seahawks, if that is true.
Oh cool! Hoop Dreams has a lot of talent in it too, I know he is one of my favorites too.
Yes, he's a great footballer. He plays for Wales.
Not really, I like American Football. What about you? What about you?
It is a great movie! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
I dont have information about that
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, Fear Nothing was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Titan's Curse.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, have a good day!
Yes, that is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. It was also made into a movie starring Charlize Theron.
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leon, who also directed that film. Would you like more recommendations?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Robert Duvall. It is a crime fiction movie. Do you like crime fiction?
Sure, how about Apocalypse Now? It is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have information about the Manchurian Candidate, would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Yes, The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been Warned.
Yes I do, he is a DJ, he is also a DJ.
I don't really know much about him but I know he is a good athlete, what do you think?
I like American Football and Football. What about you?
I'm not sure about that. What do you think of the Titans or Tiger Woods?
Sure! Do you like Sylvia Day because she writes a few books like You, Me and Dupree?
I am not sure but Seven Years to Sin is a memoir.
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. He was also in The Lorax.
I don't really know anything about her, but I do know that she is a singer. Is she a singer?
I don't really know anything about her, but I do know that she's married to Cameron Diaz. I'm not sure how good of her music.
Sia Furler is a great singer. I like Shakira. I like Selena Gomez, how about you?
I don't think so, I'm more of a fan of Lyricist. I don't like Lyricist either.
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is a professional Cricketer?
Yes, I believe so. I'm not sure about Hayden Panettiere, but I know she's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, and Jurassic Park. Have you seen any of those?
Yes it does, Bill Paxton also starred in Zombieland.
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
1989 was the year that released You've Been Warned. Is that a classic?
Do you like the movie because it's fantasy?
Have you seen The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey? It's an adventure film.
It was released in 2004 and stars Ricky Gervais. It's an adventure film.
That's right! Kevin Zegers also starred in the sci-fi film Zoom.
You're welcome.
It is written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
She tends to write a lot of dramas as well. My favorite is The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read that?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the India National Cricket team.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote Sharp Objects.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects.
I'm not sure if it's a new book, but it was released in 2014.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in The War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mamma Mia also starred in You Got Served, and The Secret Life of Bees.
I can also recommend you You Lost me or You, Meryl Streep.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I like the Chicago Cubs. Did you know they were owned by Thomas S. Ricketts?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
Not really. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
Yes, he's a good guy. I really like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
It looks like it was released in 1980.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read that?
Wayside School is Falling Down is one of the most popular books by him, have you read it?
I don't have that information but Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book.
Yes Phil Mickelson is definitely a top golfer! He won the 2010 PGA Championship, and he won the 2005 PGA Championship.
Yes he does as well! He is a great golfer as well.
Entourage is definitely one of the HBO shows. I also like Dramas. Have you seen the HBO show?
I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! H.G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man. Have you read any of those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, The Time Machine was released in 1980 and is a thriller.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you see the movie The Fault in Our Stars?
No problem, enjoy!
A Space Odyssey has genre Science Fiction as well as Science Fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
Yes, James Harden is a great shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, that's a great one. I'm a huge fan of Willie Green, right?
I'm sure there's a lot of fun to watch!
I like the Boston Red Sox, but I don't like the Yankees. How about you?
Well, from what I'm seeing here that the Yankees play at the World Series. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, the Yankees have won a World Series in 2002 and the World Series. Who is your favorite team?
Psycho is written by Robert C. O'Brien. Do you like his work?
i do not know who starred in this movie, but Joseph Stefano was a very good actor
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Alfred Hitchcock wrote a book called Under the Tuscan Sun.
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Do you like any business people? I'm more of a baseball fan.
Do you know who owns the Buccaneers?
Sure! Do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it's a thriller?
He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Creed is a drama film, starring Matt Damon. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama, Comedy and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
You're very welcome!
I'm not sure of his latest movie, but I can tell you he directed a lot of movies.
I am not sure but it is directed by Frank Beddor
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, similar to Pride and Prejudice.
Sure! Similar books in the genre of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, that's one of my favorites.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that?
It's an adventure film starring Omar Sy. Do you like adventure films?
Sure, you might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them?
I'm sure that she's good. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I'm not sure about that. I'm more of a drama, but I can recommend other dramas.
That's really cool. I'll have to take a look at that time.
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team. Did you know their coach is John Fox?
I dont really know that, but I know Rowdy owns the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I dont have that information but the Dallas Cowboys are having a heck of a season this year
He also directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones
I also recommend Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn also wrote What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Dark Places. Have you read either of these?
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. Have you read that one?
Yes, I do. I am a huge fan of speculative fiction.
Yes I do. I like speculative fiction as well.
Great, have a great day!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't really know anything about cricket, but I know he's from India. I know he's married to Mirkaskar. Do you know anything about Cricket?
I don't really know a lot about Cricket but I know he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like Cricket?
I haven't. I'd love to. I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who do you think will start a game this year?
You too!
Yes, they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
Looper is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Warlock is also a thriller. Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a thriller.
Yes, it is a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might also enjoy Catch-22. Have you seen that one?
Ok, you might also enjoy the Shining. Have you seen that one?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a book you might enjoy.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, Drei Kameraden, and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more?
I'm sure they both are. Arc de Triomphe was released in 1946.
Yes, the original language is English. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about her but I do know she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis as a midfielder. I'm not sure but she has won a lot of prizes!
I know Williams sisters play tennis as well, but not as much as their coach. Do you follow tennis?
Yes I do. I like tennis as well. Who is your favorite player?
I agree. I am a huge fan of fashion. How about you?
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by Tennessee Williams, and starred Tom Hanks?
I do not have that information
Williams also wrote The Glass Menagerie
no problem
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness. Have you read that one?
In the Woods is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you heard of that book?
He has also produced and directed the movie The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that the lead is David Ayer.
Sure! Christian Bale starred in the Crime Fiction Film Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
I do! They are in the NFC North. They are in the NFC North.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
My husband really like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Andrew Garfield wrote The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Are those of interest?
The Social Network is starring Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is a Biographical Film
The Social Network was released in 2004 and was written by Aaron Sorkin
2010 is the genre The Social Network.
2010 is a movie starring Andrew Garfield. Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network
You are very welcome!
Sure! He starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen that yet?
Yes, Joan Allen starred in The Ice Storm. She's a great actress.
He also wrote The Ice Storm. Have you heard of that one?
Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is a speculative fiction
I'm not sure, but Inheritance Cycle is speculative fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because it was written by Sarah J Maas or because it was a thriller?
I'm not sure of the release date, but Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
I haven't, but I've heard it's a very good book. It was released in 1817. Would you like to read it?
Yes, she is a professional badminton athlete who plays as a striker for Indian National team.
I'm sorry, I don't. Can you tell me more about any players?
I'm not sure where the Commonwealth Games was played. But the team is coached by Chris Weitz.
Sure! Did you enjoy Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking because it was an Adventure movie?
He directed Seven Psychopaths and The Awakening.
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like scientist?
Yes he did. He directed The Sum of All Fears. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Mr. & Mrs. Doubtfire or Mr. & Mrs. Doubtfire?
Have you seen We Bought A Zoo? That's a good family movie.
Robert De Niro and Cameron Diaz star in that movie.
Sure, will do.
Homer wrote The Simpsons and the Iliad. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of this title, but Homer's original book The Iliad was also written by C.S. Lewis. I'm not sure of the genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you more about Beowulf.
I'm more of a Seattle Seahawks fan. What's your favorite team?
That's cool. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XLVIII?
I am not sure about that. I do know that they won a Super Bowl XLVII, though.
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
Sure, she starred in the Proposal.
Oceans 8 The Blind Side is a romantic comedy film starring Sandra Bullock.
Sure, he wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It it was released in 2007 and is part of the series.
Yes it was! It is also written by him, he also wrote The Sum of All Fears.
Sure! They are coached by Mike Woodson and Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
The team is owned by Woodson,He also owns the team.
The team is coached by Mike Woodson
You're welcome
Sure, In Bruges is written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Wilkinson.
Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen that one?
I would definitely recommend Seven Psychopaths.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Smith. Do you like them?
I don't know that information but I know they won the Super Bowl XXXV Super Bowl XLVII.
Yes, it is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that one yet, I'm not sure about that. Is that a thriller?
I'm not sure about that. Isn't Michael Irby a good actor?
I will. Enjoy the movie.
Hunger Games is a great one! Have you seen the whole series?
I'm not sure if the movie is based on the book, but the movie is based on the book.
Okay, if you haven't read that one, you should give The Giver a try.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional Golfer. Do you like Golf?
Yeah, he's from Dallas, that's where he's from. I don't really have any information on where he is.
I am not sure about that, I don't really know much about it. I know he's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like any other sports?
Yes, I believe she is a good author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
Yea, I'm not sure of her other works, but I can recommend some other poetry books if you like.
I don't, but I can also recommend some of her poetry books.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Henry Gifford wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. He starred in You, Me, and Dupree. Have you seen either of those?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I am not sure about the genre, but Seth Rogen also starred in Pineapple Express.
You are very welcome!
You're very welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a huge fan of American Football, what about you? What about you?
Yeah that's a great movie. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's in that?
That's right! Doctor Zhivago is a science fiction film. I'm not sure about that.
Sure! It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, he also wrote Vespers Rising
Yes, Young Adult is also written by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
yea i dont
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Sure! Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Iliad, and The Martian Chronicles. Have you read any of these?
Sure, I would recommend The Martian Chronicles or The Dandelion Wine.
Sure, The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1951
Sure, hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a forward for F.C. Barcelona? Do you like soccer?
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional Golfer. Do you like Golf?
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. Who are your favorite golfer?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups, he's a great actor. He's also in Grown Ups, which is a comedy.
Yes, I believe so. I'm not sure about Salma Hayek though.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath as well, have you read that?
Beneath also starred in Tuck Everlasting. Have you seen this movie?
That is a great movie. I think you will enjoy Total Recall.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
I am not sure, but I know Saina Nehwal is from India.
That's right. I don't know who he is. What do you think?
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Thor was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
Ok, some of my favorites are The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy. Is there anything else I can help with?
Ok, some other great adventure movies are The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy. Have you seen those?
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination 2 is starring Eric Brees. Would you like to know more about the movies?
The Butterfly Effect was directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees also directed The Final Destination 2.
Yes, he also wrote The Final Destination 2: The Final Destination 2.
I don't have access to that information right now but it is a thriller film.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not a huge fan of her music, but I have heard that Britney Spears is one of my favorites.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I know it was directed by Pauly Shore.
She is a rapper, song writer, singer, singer, and actress.
He directed the Fantasy film The Spirit. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Frank Miller directed it.
I am sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that its an action film that interests you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Frank Miller acted in this movie as well.
Yes, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a good series. Have you seen the first one?
It stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Natalie Portman. Would you like to know more about it?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion
Yes, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
That is correct. It's a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, she has also written The Shadowhunter's Codex.
I'm not sure but I believe it was released in 2013
Tom Wilkinson starred in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation. what else can i do for you?
Yes that is a great movie. Robert Duvall is also in that movie do you like him?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I don't think that's because I'm more of a Packers fan. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, how about you?
Sure, do you like books written by Jodi Picoult or books by the same author?
Yes, Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. Have you read that one?
Yes, I would definitely recommend that you read the book.
Not really, I am a huge fan of a lot of soccer. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I can definitely recommend some other sports to watch if you haven't.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read either of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is a romance novel and The Diviners is in the genre. Do you like romance novels?
The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series. Then you might also like The Silkworm.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert som sprängdes.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Warsaw.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I don't know much about the Saints, but I do know their quarterback Tom Benson is their quarterback. Do you like him?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Wow, I didn't know that. That's pretty cool.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
The Bodyguard also starred Ian McKellen and was written by Ken Daurio.
Bodyguard was released in 1991 and was written by Mark Boal.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. Did you know he's dating Cameron Diaz?
Yeah, I think so. Do you know if he has a favorite song of his?
I believe he's married to Hailey Baldwin. What do you think?
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because it is an Adventure movie?
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
If you like adventure films, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books. Have you read them?
I have not, but I know The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. Have you read that one?
I'm sure you will like them. Enjoy!
I agree, Rafael Nadal is a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I'm not sure about that, but I know Marat Safin is a tennis player.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, and The Lost City of Ember.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1895. It's part of a series.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't, but I know it was written by Diana Garland. Do you like her work?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now but I can tell you that it was released in 2012.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like her song a lot. I like A Thousand Years. What's your favorite song by her?
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she composed A Thousand Years and Love. Do you know the song?
I don't think so, but I know she composed A Thousand Years. Have you heard of that one?
Thor is written by Chris Hemsworth. do you like his movies?
Sure! Vacation is written by Jeffrey DeMunn. He also stars in Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read either of those?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2005 and is a romance novel. Do either of those genres interest you?
I'm not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 2005.
Yes, he is an athlete. He plays for Real Madrid C.F..
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
I don't like the Cleveland Browns, but I know they are owned by Mike Pettine. Do you like them?
I don't really know if I'm a fan of the sport but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I think Mike Pettine is a good coach for the Cleveland Browns. I think the Browns will make a Super Bowl this year.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness, The Truman Show, and Witness. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Peter Weir directed Witness. He also directed Witness. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she's a great actress. She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
I really like her song Love Song. What about you?
Yes I would. Number the Stars is a Young-adult fiction book that was written by Lois Lowry.
I don't have any other examples of that genre but I do know that Lois Lowry wrote The Sum of All Fears which is also Speculative Fiction as well.
Yes, I would also recommend The Human Division. It was written by Lois Lowry as well.
No problem, I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Charlotte's Web
I'm not sure about that, but Rosemary Wells is a famous children's literature. She wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Bradly Cooper starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Urban Cowboys. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some good comedy films are Zoom, Where the Wild Things Are, and Welcome to Temptation. Have you seen any of those ?
Sure! Submarine is a comedy film. Do you like comedies?
He's been in many good comedies, including the San Francisco 49ers.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels or One Story?
I would highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. Have you read that one yet?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was released in 1951. Would you like to hear more?
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more science fiction books?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I haven't heard much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Then I would say they are more similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Do you know what they are doing?
I like them a lot. I am a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I think they are a pretty good team. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yes, he was a linebacker. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I like to watch college football, so I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Shark Night is a science fiction action film. It stars Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome, enjoy!
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I help you with?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver is written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Sure, one of my favorites is American Gangster. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great movie. I highly recommend it if you like action.
No problem, enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Do you like dramas? If you like Rufus Sewell, check out The Longest Yard.
She also starred in Rebecca which you might enjoy.
The Pianist is a drama film also starring Timothy Spall
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know she is dating Rory McIIroy. Do you?
No I didn't. I'm not sure about that. Is she a singer?
American Gangster also starred Penelope Wilton. Penelope Wilton is one of my favorites!
I am not sure where Serena lives. I do know that she is a tennis player.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You may want to check out Without Fail by Steven Spielberg. He's a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Fault in our Stars was written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read any of the books that have been made into movies yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read it?
Done. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Silence because it is written by Preston Preston, or because it is a thriller.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it was a speculative fiction?
Pandemonium is written by Philip Pullman. Would you like to know more about this author?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is also speculative fiction.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love Madonna! She starred in Who's That Girl. What's your favorite Madonna song?
Yes, that's right. I'm more of a Madonna fan. What about you?
Yes that's right. I'm not sure about that. Is she a good singer?
I'm not sure about that, but Madonna did star in Sex and the City 2.
I'm not sure, but Madonna did star in that movie too.
Yes, Burn After Reading stars Brad Pitt and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure of that. I'm having trouble getting that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
En Man Som Heter Ove was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People.
Sure! He wrote You've Been Warned as well as many others. Have you read any of these?
Zoo is a movie also written by James Patterson. It is a crime fiction.
It was released in 1999 and is a thriller.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it's written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
He sure does! He's a great actor. He also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also produced it!
You're very welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen it?
The Wrestler is a drama, starring Channing Tatum.
Requiem of a Dreams also stars Robert De Niro
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, some of the stars in that movie are We R Who We R, and The Godfather. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Apocalypse Now is a war film.
Do you like Mr. Smith because it's a drama?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
You are most welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Hayley Atwell starred in The Wedding Date.
It's a horror film. If you like horror films, you might also enjoy The Third Policeman.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I know they are owned by Jim Caldwell
I don't like football. Who's your favorite patriots?
Yes, Belichick is a good coach. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite coach?
Mad Max Fury starred Tom Hardy, Michelle Pfeiffer and Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That's right. She also starred in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is true, he has a great wife, I think I'll watch her movies
I'm not sure of the name of the Brave, but Nicky Katt has a genre of Comedy and Action Film.
You are welcome.
Sure! E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks. Have you read either of these?
It was released in 2002 and is in the English language.
Do you like books by E. Lockhart?
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Sure! If you're into romance then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it does. Unknown is also a film. I'm not sure about that. Is that what interests you?
Yep, it's a foreign film. I think you'd really enjoy it.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great footballer. He plays for Wales.
I don't think he's a Midfielder, but I know he's also a Midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales from the Cardiff region.
She's a singer-songwriter. She's a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
I like her music a lot. I think she's a great artist. I really like her song Love Story. Have you heard of it?
I really don't know much about her as well, but I do know that she's married to Cameron Diaz. I like Taylor Swift though.
I have not, but I know it was written by Anne Tyler. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anthony Hope. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I like Anthony Hopkins. He was in The Silence of the Lambs, which is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Emily Griffin is an athlete. She won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
It was released in 2012.
It's a movie based on a book written by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I don't. But I know When We Were Orphans was released in 2002.
I'm not sure if it's the same, but it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Poland national football team, but I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
He plays Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski is from Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Sure! The Selection was written by Kiera Cass' The Queen in 2005. It is about a boy born born into a woman.
I hope you enjoy them!
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy X-Men because it was written by Bryan Singer or because it stars Tom Hardy?
Okay, then I would recommend Action movies. Have you seen them?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I did see that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Gillian wrote "Harp Objects" and "Rogues."
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Life of Pi is written by Steven Zaillian and stars Thomas Lennon.
Yes, it was written by William Nicholson and stars Samuel L. Jackson. It's an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
I'm not sure about that, but I can give you more information about that.
The Tipping Point book was written by Richelle Mead. It's a Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't, but Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. I would also recommend What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
You are very welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama
White House Down is a great one you may like
Jim Broadbentent starred in Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he also directed The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Amadeus is now added.
Sure! The Magician's Nephew is a great one and written by C.S Lewis.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S Lewis. The Silver Chair was released in 1851.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of a series of books.
You're welcome!
I don't really know a lot about him. I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I don't really know anything about cricket. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
No, I haven't. Is he a good player?
I like Adam Levine. He is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I am not sure about that. I do know he is a celebrity friend of Adam Levine.
I can recommend a couple of the songs he has written if you haven't heard of.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he also wrote What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure. Does that sound interesting to you?
he has written The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
It is an autobiographical novel
No problem, anything else I can help with?
I think he is a good soccer player, but I don't really know much about him. Do you like soccer?
I like American Football. What about you?
I like to watch the Rockets. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that?
I'm not sure but he wrote "Go Further" with a science fiction theme.
It's a movie starring Ken Kesey. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! Oregon is a great place to start.
Sure! He wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great quarterback. He plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Tim Robbins and Katharine McPhee also starred in this movie.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie A Bug's Life
Yes, it was written by Neil Gaiman and stars Thomas Leniper. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry I don't know the names of his other movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a drama. It's actually a movie based on a book.
You're very welcome!
Yes! I like Martin Scorsese movies. Have you seen The Road to El Dorado? He wrote that one as well.
Yes. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is my favorite Gangs of New York Times.
Step Brothers is also a great movie. Have you seen The Fault in Our Stars?
Ok. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars by David Fincher.
Sure! It also stars Robert De Niro. It's a good comedy.
It's a historical period drama. If you like adventure films, you should check it out.
You are most welcome. I am glad I could help.
Yes, the Toy Story 2 is written by Joel Coen and starring Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne. Larry Crowne is also a Romance Film.
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne, which is a comedy. He also produced it!
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Sci-Fi movies? I would recommend The Maze Runner.
Yes, The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie you might enjoy.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R Tolkien, would you like to know more about the movie?
You are very welcome, enjoy!
I like the Cleveland Browns, they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVIII Super Bowl XLVII?
I'm not a huge fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I do know that they won the Superbowl for Super Bowl XLVII right?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team is your favorite?
I like the Red Sox, they are a pretty good team, did you know their coach is John Farrell?
Yes, he is. Do you like the Red Sox?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I did not see that one, I will have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, A Princess of Mars, A Princess of Mars and A Princess of Mars.
I'm sorry, I don't show that information.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Did you know that she starred in The Hunger Games?
A similar movie is The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like J.K. Rowling?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was directed by Chris Columbus.
I think so. Did you know Nicki Minaj won the Grammy for Best Male Video of the Year Award?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite song of hers?
I didn't know she does a pop music but I'm not sure if she does it. What's your favorite song from her?
Yes I do! It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Have you read it?
Well, if you like fiction, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
I haven't read that one yet, but I heard it's good.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do either of these interest you?
Theodore is a children's literature that was released in 1886
It was released in 1946
Have you read Witches Abroad or When You Reach me?
ok
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I know they are owned by Zygi Wilf. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite team?
It was written by Alex Garland and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which is an excellent science fiction book.
I'm sure that he has made some movies that he has made. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer wrote The Fast and the Furious, which is starring Tom Hanks.
It was released in 1946
It is a drama movie, would you like to know more?
You are welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
Yes, I can! He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, which I might suggest.
Sure! He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Have you seen either of those?
It's a film starring Akira Kurosawa. Do you know who directed the film?
Yes, I would recommend to check out The Samurai.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a similar movie
Confessions is a Drama Film. what else can i do for you?
I recommend you High School Musical. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you today?
I don't like the Jaguars, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. But I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
What do you think of the Redskins?
Yes, I do. I love Michael Jackson. He starred in The Wiz. Do you like his music?
I haven't seen it but I know that it is a good movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in A Star is Born, have you seen that one?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Ok. One of my favorites is World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen that one?
I do like the Red Sox, they are a pretty good team, did you know their coach is John Farrell?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you? Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about them except that they're having a good season. Are they having a good season?
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov directed The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
Sure! Night Watch is a romance film directed by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like either of those actors?
I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes! He directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Have you seen any of those ?
That's right! He's also in The Usual Suspects. Have you seen that?
That's right! Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by H.G. Wells. He also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Have you read that?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released 1995, the same year that  1.  1 was released
Of course, I can also recommend The Time Machine by Douglas Adams as a reference book.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Marlon Brando?
Ok, he wrote The Godfather. Have you seen that one yet?
Marlon Brando stars in Marlon Brando, but he is a great actor. Have you seen The Godfather 2?
Ok. I would also recommend The Godfather. It stars Marlon Brando.
It was! It also starred Marlon Brando, and was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Ok. Then you might also enjoy The Godfather II. Have you seen that?
I think they are a good team but I don't really like their coach Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
I haven't followed soccer much so I'm not really familiar with that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Who is your favorite team? Pittsburgh is a lot of fun.
I don't really know much about them as they are having a bad season but I do know they are having a good season. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the New England Patriots, but I do know they are having a rough season.
Which college team do you root for?
Yes, it is a romance movie written by Hilary Swank. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, Pruitt Vince also starred in Beautiful Darkness, and The Secret Life of Bees.
You Again was a great movie! It was directed by George Cosmatos. It is also a drama film.
The Namesake was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien who also wrote The Silence of the Lambs
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card. Do you like science fiction?
I'll do. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The Informant! Have you seen that?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Pacifier. Have you seen that?
You're welcome
I don't really know a lot about him. I do know he composed The Christmas Blessing.
I don't really know that, but I know he's a pretty good singer. Do you like country singers?
I'm not sure where his career began, but I know he's from Nashville, too.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama. Do either of those genres interest you?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was a TV series by Sara Shepard. Do you like her work?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was written by Sara Shepard. The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read that one?
You're welcome! Have a good day!
I don't know a lot about soccer but I know they are owned by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I love American Football! My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite team?
That's a good one. I really like college football, what about you?
I don't really know much about the Steelers, but I do know the Steelers are coached by Mike Richardson.
I don't know much about the coach, but I heard Mike Tomlin is a good guy.
I don't really know any other players, but I do know that they won a championship a few years ago.
Yes, he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll do that right away!
No problem!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate. Have you read it?
I am not sure if that's what I do know
Yes she did. She also starred in Deep Blue Sea
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards. Do you like Kim Edwards?
She also wrote The Lake of Dreams, The Magician's Daughter, and so many more.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob
It's a thriller and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller, similar to Defending Jacob
Well, Agatha Christie wrote Agatha Christie. Would you like to know more about Agatha Christie?
It was released in 2004
No problem
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Much Ado About Nothing and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a comedy drama written by William Shakespeare. Does that sound interesting to you?
I'm always happy to help!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game
Yes, Benedict Cumberbatch is the headhunter who is also in Headhunters
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! And The Mountains Echoed was written by Khaled Hosseini. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read that one?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure where he's from. Isn't he a point guard?
It is written by Damien Chazelle and has genre Psychological thriller, do you want to know more about this film?
I am sorry, I don't have that information, but I know La La Land is a Romance film. Do you like romance films?
No problem, enjoy!
Great. Have a great day!
She starred in The Ice Harvest and also in The Hunted, among others.
It's a Historical period drama about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know too much about him either. What I do know is he starred in Friends With Benefits.
I don't really know a lot about it, but I know Shaun White acted as well
I didn't know she was in that 70s show as well, did you know she starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, it is a great book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr... Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr.?
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like To Kill A Mockingbird because it is fiction?
Then you might enjoy the book "Go Set A Watchman" or "The Tempest."
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Deaver. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
I'll do that right away.
Sure, he wrote The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. Have you seen it?
The Wackness is a Drama movie. Do you like Drama movies?
Sure, Vanessa Redgrave and Ed Harris starred in this movie. Would you like to know more?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like him?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
Sure! The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde might be a good one to start.
Great! The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Have you read it?
Sure! Roman Polanski directed The Ninth Gate, The Ghost Writer, and More. Have you seen any of those ?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
2008
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Sure! Jack London wrote The Sea Wolf. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure of that one, but The Call of the Wild is a historical fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. It stars Seth Rogen. Donnie Darko is a Thriller
He's been in a number of movies including Shrek the Third, Monster Inc., and Monsters Inc.
Yes, James Franco also starred in Seth Rogen. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other movies Judd Apatow has starred in.
I'm not sure of when Shadows was released, but I do know that Seth Rogan starred in a comedy called Knocked Up released in 2012.
Sure! Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus is a historical fiction novel. It is about Greek Mythology.
Frankenstein is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
It's starring Brad Pitt, Josh Brolin, and Rupert Everett. It's considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
Yes. She translated a book called Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more?
You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He was also in Antwone Fisher. Have you seen that?
Yes, Denzel is a great actor. Have you seen Jurassic Park? It is a thriller.
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was. He was also in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I like the Mets, but I'm more of a Mets fan. Are you a Mets fan?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Well, since Wilpon owns the LA Dodgers, I'm not a Dodgers, I like to root for the Dodgers or the Dodgers.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1991 and was written by Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like him?
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is written by Stephen J. Dubner who also starred in a movie called Return of the Jedi.
I'll add that now. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in America.
Yes, Eli Wallach also starred in the film.
Yes he also directed Once Upon a Time in the West as well.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few more.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few action films.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and The Sirens of Titan. Are you a fan?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
Then I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House.
Have you seen The Core? It's a drama directed by him.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like either of these actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know that Djimon Hooso directed it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that movie, but I can tell you that Djimon Hoosou starred in that movie.
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a science fiction action film written and directed by David Fincher.
He has starred in movies like The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen any of these?
Yes they are. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII Super Bowl?
The Philadelphia Eagles owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't know who owns the Philadelphia Eagles. I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I usually watch the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Patriots. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yes! American Beauty is a good one. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also starred Charlize Theron and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, it also falls into the genre of historical period drama.
The Incredible Hulk is written by Stan Lee. It is a drama film. Do you like drama films?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great one that you might enjoy.
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a thriller or a thriller?
Then you may like Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or a thriller?
Sure. Brad Pitt starred in many movies including X-Men Origins and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, The Truman Show, and many more. Would you like to know more?
Yes, that's right. The girl from the Ring is also from the Twist. Have you seen that one?
Naomi Watts has also starred in The Sensation of the d'Urbervilles. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men Origins?
He is a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and many more. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now but Huge Jackman stars in The Proposal.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Transporter starring Louis Leterrier.
Transporter stars Jason Bateman and Frank Grillo. It is an action film. Do you like action?
I don't know anything about Berleand, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like movies by Matt Damon?
Ben Affleck and Lady Gaga also star in that movie. It's a thriller.
Yes, Ben Affleck wrote Good Will Hunting. Would you like to know more about it?
The Town is a horror movie, I am not sure of the horror genre.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is a writer. He wrote a dystopian novel The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Are you a fan of that genre?
It was written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you more about Madame Bovary.
Sure, I can also recommend The Return of the King, The House of Seven Gables, and The House of Seven Gables.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick. He also directed Stanley Kubrick. Do you like him?
Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
Auto Racing was released in 2002.
Glad I could help!
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great movie that he stars in.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great movie by him.
I could not be surprised if there is anything else I can help you with.
The Unbreakable is one of my favorites.
I know he composed a song called New Perspectives. What's it?
Yes he is a great artist! Do you like his music?
I don't really know that, but I do know that he is a musician too
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, which also starred Tom Hanks. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in the Star Trek movie The Last Jedi
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1926.
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
It came out in 1922 and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, I do. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm more into Adventure fiction. I would recommend The Road to El Dorado. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was also written by Nicolas Cage. Are you familiar with his work?
It was. If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado.
Do you like the Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde because it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson or because it was a thriller?
Yes,It is written by George R.R. Tolkien,and the genre is mystery.
You're welcome.
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
I think he is a good player, what do you think of him?
Sure, Warriors is a drama film and a little bit of drama. Which team are you based in?
No, I don't. How about you?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
That is a great book. A similar book you might enjoy is Teacher Man 2.
You are welcome
I like Silence of the Lambs because it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if he wrote Silence of the Lambs but I have heard it was good. Have you read it?
I'm not sure of the release date of the book but it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
I think they are a good soccer team, did you know their coach is Jose Mourinho?
I don't know much about soccer but I know some other athletes like Carlo Ancelotti. Do you like soccer?
I don't really follow soccer but I know some other players like Luso Ramos
Sure! Jack London wrote The Sea Wolf. Have you read that?
I'm not sure of any fiction books that I know of but I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
I didn't. I know that Amelia is a comedy. Is that what interests you?
I think you'd enjoy it, it's a good show. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, Peter Jason also starred in the boxing show. I think you would enjoy that show.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now?
It was released in 2005.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read that?
Maurice Hindle wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
You might also enjoy The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
There are so many great books that I would recommend. Wide Sargasso Sea and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, Shrek 2 was written by Mike Myers. Have you seen it?
I don't really like the Mets, but I do know the Mets' Stadium is located in New York City. Do you like baseball?
I haven't been to many of the Mets' stadiums. But, I'm more of a baseball fan myself. How about you?
I don't know a lot about it, but I'm familiar with LaGuardia, the owner of the Brooklyn Nets, who is one of my favorite players.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix and The Human Stain. Do either of those genres interest you?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he starred in The Matrix. It is a television series.
I like a lot of the football players. Are you a fan of the football?
The best team in the world is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite soccer team?
I agree, The Golden State Warriors has a good record.
Yes, it was written by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote and produced the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
The movie was released in 2002
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I can't say I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
Yep, he's a good coach. I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos, but I do know he's owned by the Denver Broncos.
That's great! I'm sure you will enjoy that one as well.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do like the Mets. I am a MetLife fan. Do you like the Mets?
I'm actually more of a baseball fan. Are you a Mets fan or a Mets fan?
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you know of some other sports movies?
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really know much about him.
I like LeBron James too. I think he's a good athlete. What about you?
I have not, but I know he is an athlete too. I wonder if he's a good athlete
It's a great movie! It's starring Will Smith. Have you seen it?
I'm sure there are tons of good sci-fi films, as well as X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and the Hunger Games: Mockingjay.
I am sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know Cunningham directed it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie Batman Begins because it's a superhero movie?
I'm not sure about the sequels, but the Dark Knight Rises is directed by Christopher Nolan.
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of the release date. But The Mad Ship was released in 2005.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and The Sirens of Titan. Would you like to know more?
It's speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Z for Zachariah is a good one. Have you read it?
Sure! American History X was directed by David Fincher. Would you like to know more about it?
Lake of Fire stars Jim Carrey. Do you want to know more about the movie?
Lake of Fire is a Crime Fiction film starring Jim Carey
You're welcome!
Sure! E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote  which was released 720.
The Flattered Fish and Other Poems, also written by Henry Cavill
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Lost on the Pacific Crest Trail has a genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are most welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Other books in the same genre are; If You Give a Mouse a Cookie, If You Give a Cat a Cupcake and If You Give a Cat a Cupcake.
Yes they are! As far as I know If You Give a Mouse to the Movies is not written by the same author.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night is a psychological thriller and stars Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that?
I do! When a stranger Calls is a good one. Have you seen that one?
I'll add them to your watch list.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. What else can I do for you?
The Power of Habit is a children's literature that was released in 2011.
Sure, adding now.
Sure, The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Marlon Brando?
Yes, he is a great player. Did you know their coach is Doc Rivers?
Yes, he is. He's a pretty good coach.
I think they are a pretty good team. I'm more of a Lakers fan. What about you?
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Bruckheimer
I do not think so, but I do know they will make the playoffs.
Your welcome.
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That is a good one. It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller and was released in 2016.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Crescendo because it's a drama?
Sure! Did you enjoy Northgate Abbey because it was written by Jane Austen or because it was a romance novel?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that one?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. I love their music. I am a big fan of their music. How about you?
Do you like the Meteora Album of the Year? I do not like hip hop though.
Andrew Stanton wrote Toy Story 3. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2002 and is a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in this movie as well.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like X-Men: First Class?
That is correct!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an author, an actor and an athlete. He was in Jumbo.
Yes, he is a famous bowler. But, I don't know much about cricket. But, I know he is also a famous bowler.
Yes, and Simon Beaufoy wrote Catching Fire. Have you read it?
Yes he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes, he does. Paul Allen owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I'm more of a Seattle Seahawks fan. Who do you think will be in the Super Bowl?
Yes I do. The King's Speech is a drama and a crime fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, that is correct, he also starred in the King's Speech. Have you seen that?
Yes, I like it too, would you like me to send it to you?
She's a great singer. I like her song La Tortura. How about you?
I don't know a lot about her music, but I know she dated Tobey Maguire.
I don't really know that, but I know she has a good voice
I think they are a pretty good team but I think they are doing pretty well this season but I don't like them. How about you?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What about you?
I think they will make it to the Super Bowl XXXII.
I like him, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm not a big basketball fan, but I do know that he's married to Elin Nordegren.
I'm not sure about that, would you like to know more about Shawne Williams, or something else?
Yes, she was in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Sure, she also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, that is a great movie written by Ken Daurio. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, I would recommend End of Watch starring Heath Ledger.
I don't really know much about them except that they are coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
Yes, I do. I think Lovie Smith is a great coach. How about you?
I don't really know a lot about football but my favorite team is the Redskins
Yes, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like it because of the author or its genre?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
It's a book by J.K. Rowling in the fantasy genre. I'd also recommend The Casual Vacancy.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
To Rome With Love stars Robert Duvall and is a romance film. If you like romance films, you might enjoy To Rome With Love.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
Scream of the Banshee is a Japanese film, so I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Sure! You might also enjoy the Scream of the Banshee, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 1993. It has a genre of Suicides. Would you like to know more about it?
I am not sure of the release date of The Virgin Suicides. I do know that it was released in 1993.
You are very welcome.
Sure, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also produced it.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Superbad. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actress. She also stars in Pineapple Express. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Queen. Have you read that?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter along with Miranda Richardson.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Yes, I can. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. I love her music. I am a big fan of her. How about you?
Yes, I like the Lord of the Rings. What about you?
I'll have to check it out, thank you for the recommendation
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed the film The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Prestige is a drama film. Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He plays for the Brazil national football team
I have heard of Dani Alves, is a good player for the French soccer team. Do you follow soccer?
They're having a good season but they're having a good season. They're 4th in their division right now. Do you like them?
I don't think they will make it. I don't know how they are doing this season but I do know they are having a good season. Who is their coach?
That's too bad, I think their home stadium is doing well this year.
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by Charles Dickens or because it was a satire?
Charles Dickens also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of these?
How about A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens? It was released in 1851.
It's an excellent book about social criticism. Is that what interests you?
Working class is a great book about social criticism. Is that something you would be interested in?
Glad to help!
Yes I do. I especially enjoyed The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that?
Sure, she also wrote The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
Sure! The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel by Kierra Cass. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that. Is it action packed?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like the author or genre?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote The Subterraneans, have you read that?
I'm not sure who wrote that book, but I know that Ralph Steadman is also a cartoonist.
Well, if you're interested in other books written by him, I'm sure you'll enjoy The Golden Compass.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genres?
The Hobbit was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, which is a thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
Sure! The Woods is written by Bradley Cooper. It's a thriller and a romance film.
The Words is written by Roland Emmerich. It is a Drama/Fantasy movie.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote Lord of the Flies
Think and Grow Rich has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
no what else i can do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell Tale and Other Stories. Do either of those genres interest you?
It was originally published in 1851.
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about them either but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure of that's where the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium is. Do you have a favorite team?
Aladdin is a great movie that was written by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like him?
Do you like Aladdin because it was written by Robert Rodriguez or because it was a family movie?
Do you like animated movies? You should check it out
He directed The Good Thief. Have you seen that?
It also stars Ralph Fiennes, would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a War film. If you like that one, you should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino has lots of movies. Some of them are Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in that movie. Do you like Robombie music?
He also wrote The Return of the King and Grindhouse.
You're welcome!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Tobey Maguire, have you seen it?
Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Alexandra Maria Lara, she is a great actress
You are welcome
Yes, he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I like her music a lot. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's great. I'm also a huge fan of kung Fu Panda 2. Have you heard that one?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by Cassandra Clare
Yes, Mortal Instruments is part series
You're welcome
Sure! It was written by David Sedaris and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is actually a comedy, and is produced by Sedaris, and directed by David Sedaris. Do you like comedys?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Young in Revolt is starring Steve Buscemi
No problem, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
You're very welcome!
Of course! Blood Diamond was written by Neil Gaiman, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
Djimon Hounsou in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Blob, which is a thriller.
Yes, he is also in The Emperor's Bone
That movie stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway. Have you seen it?
Meryl starred in The Devil's Prada, which also stars Anne Hathaway.
I'm not sure about that, but Anne Hathaway also starred in The Devil's Advocate.
Sounds good! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
In 1997  1.  was also released. Are you a fan of fantasies like that one?
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Okay, then I would recommend To Have and Have Not, To Have and Have Not, To Have and Have Not.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a Thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon. Do you like Nightcrawler movies?
The Bourne Identity is a thriller and The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he directed The Fountainhead. Have you seen that one?
Ponyo is a drama film, I would say its drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
No, this movie is an Indie film. I'm not sure if this is a genre, but it might be a drama.
Yes, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but I know it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Complete Maus. Have you read either of those?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins and was released in 2012. Do you like dramas?
No problem, enjoy the book!
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, have you read Dead Poets Society by Paula Hawkins?
Noel is actually one of my favorites, have you read it?
I haven't personally read it but I know it was written by Kurt Wimmer and is considered a mystery.
I don't know a lot about vacation. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and Mr. Hyde. Have you read either of those?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, he also wrote that one
Its genre is fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord
I'm sorry I don't have that information
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You're welcome
I think Wladimir is a great actor. He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like him?
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko is a boxer.
Not really, I know she starred in The Wladimir Klitschko, I like her too.
Really? I'm sure she's famous for sitcom, too.
It was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about this?
That's right, if you're still looking for another book by Dr. Seuss.
Yes, Kung Fu Panda is a fun Animation movie. Did you know he starred in Monster House?
He's been in a few of the movies Kung Fu Panda's other movies.
Yes, Emma Stone was in that movie. It's a funny movie.
No, can I help with anything else?
Yes, E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance Films?
David Benioff is starring in the Dozen. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It was released in 2004.
That's a good family film. Do you want to know more about the movie?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, Tom Hardy and Christian Bale are starring in this movie.
Yes, The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know a lot about Paul Winfield, but I know he is a great actor.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Natascha McElhone is an actor who starred in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen either of those?
The Truman Show was released in 2003.
Deception Point is written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is speculative fiction
He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
Little Bear has genre Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Great! You may also like the Family Saga, have you seen that one?
Happy to help!
I'll do it, enjoy!
He's directed quite a few. He's been in lots of movies. He's been in a number of things, including Wideacre, The Devil's Advocate, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of those?
Inland Empire is a Romance Film
Idiocracy is starring Tim Pigott-Smith
It was released in 2001.
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by George R. R. Martin. Do you like his work?
Have you seen Tender is the Night? That's a drama.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can give you some other recommendations.
No problem
She starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I do agree. Did you know she starred in Hair Show?
Wow, I didn't realize that. I wonder if Tom Garfinkel is a player?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee.
You are welcome!
I think she's a great singer but not a big fan of her. How about you?
Yes I do like her music. I like Taylor Swift though. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. I know she's married to Hailey Baldwin. What do you think?
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like Sandra Bullock because it is a romantic comedy?
Sure, he also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You're Welcome!
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a Children's literature
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland has genre Fiction
Sure, enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. Do you know who he is?
Yes, he was on the team. He played Midfielder. Do you like soccer?
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I know her sister Serena Williams is very talented. How about you?
Brett Ratner is a great actor. I like tennis better than Serena.
I agree. Shark Night is also a thriller. Have you seen that?
Sure! The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells, who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but it was released in 2006.
Yes, she wrote The Lovely Bones and The Thin Red Line. Have you read either of them?
I'm sure you will love it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. In 2002  1.  is written by Alice Sebold.
Yes, it was.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't really know much about her.
I don't really follow tennis, but I know he is a good athlete. I think he is an athlete too.
I'm not sure about that, but I know he is a tennis player, right?
Yes, Usain Bolt is still doing a good job with the Mumbai Indians.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Chris Hemsworth. do you like his movies?
Have you seen The Dark World by Christopher Nolan? He also stars in that.
The Golden Compass stars Philip Pullman and Sam Elliott. Would you like to know more about it?
She sure is! I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash was directed by J.K. Simmons and released in 2014. JK won an Oscar for his performance.
Yes Wade Williams also stars in the Good Doctor
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr... Do you enjoy Kurt Vonnegut Jr.?
That's a great one. I think you'll enjoy that one as well.
Do you like Doomsday Book because it is a science fiction book?
I'm not sure of his current work but I know he directed The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, that's right. Did you know that John Sayles wrote a lot of The Spiderwick Chronicles?
It's a historical period drama.
Phil Mickelson is a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Do you like Phil Mickelson? I heard he won the 2005 Masters Tournament.
I think I'd have to give it a watch. I'm not sure of any other shows like it.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read either of those?
I don't think so, but I know he starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I can't remember if he was in a relationship with Justin Bieber, but if you're into romantic comedy, Shark Night is a similar movie to that.
Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement
It's a self help book. If you are into Entrepreneurs, you should give it a try.
That is a self help book. If you like self help books, I would also recommend The One Minute Manager.
Yes, I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Fear and Loating in Las Vegas is a great movie, have you ever seen it?
Yes he did. Hell's Angels is an action film. If you like action films, you might also enjoy Treasure Planet.
V for Vendetta is considered a political Thriller. If you like political thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night.
Yes I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue and The Last Runaway. Have you read them?
I believe it was written by Tracy Chevalier. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Girl With a Pearl Earring is definitely a good movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Mist. Have you read it?
Yes, The Mist was released in 2001 and is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richie Rich?
Great, do you also like National Lampoons?
Yes, he is one of my favorites. Enjoy!
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a golfer from Northern Ireland. Do you like golf?
James Franco and Dan Gilroy
This movie is Thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
have you watch Shark Night
your welcome
Sure! Do you like books by the same author, J.K. Rowling? She also wrote The Little House Collection.
He also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he composed We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you like country music?
I don't know any songs by her, but I do like Taylor Swift! My favorite Taylor Swift song is What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Yes, I do like her music. Do you like her music?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorites.
Sure, Seabiscuit was released in 2000. It's about a race horse. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors and The Doors. Have you seen either of those?
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Kevin Spacey, and many more!
Yes, The Doors is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you read those?
You might like The Name of the Wind. That's a good one for you.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for other books in the same genre?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Giver. Have you read those?
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I know he plays soccer
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, do you know who he is?
Yes I do. I like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, the Dolphins are a pretty good team. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. How about you?
That's true. Who is the owner of the Dolphins?
Do you like pitch because it is a thriller or a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also stars in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, if you like Scott Pilgrim vs the World, you might enjoy The Negotiator or The Transporter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies similar to Pitch Perfect.
You are welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo as well. Have you seen it?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I don't think so, but I know he is a player from Rio de Janeiro.
Sure! He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness. Have you read those?
It was released in 2013 and written by Scott Westerfeld
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain National Football Team. Do you like Football?
I wonder if I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he does. He also coaches Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
I think I heard of Louis van Gaal as a midfielder for sure.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
He is a war novelist who also won the Nobel Prize in Literature. Do you like war novels?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James. Do you like the genre or the author?
Sure, I would recommend The Gathering. Have you read that one?
Bared to You is also by E.L. James. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2012
Sure, have a good day
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika.
I'm not sure of the genre, but I do know it was released in 2005.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it was released in 2010. Do you like her work?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read those?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I think he is one of the best Basketball players of all time. Do you like Basketball?
Yes, it was written by William Nicholson.
I'm sorry I don't see that information
I'm sorry I don't know a whole lot but he did write Braveheart too
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read that?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1892.
It's a Non-Fiction/Action film that also came out in 2005.
No problem. I'm glad that I could help.
I think they are a pretty good team. I think their coach Mike Shanahan is okay though though. How about you?
That's right, they also coached the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I don't think so, but I think their roster is still playing for the Broncos.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No. It's more of a sci-fi novel.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a thriller?
The Cable guy is a comedy guy! Ben Stiller also produced and starred in The Cable Guy.
I recommend You Got Served, It's a great Comedy-dramas.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you more about My Own Hearts.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Harlin starred in this movie
Cutthroat Island was released in 1999
Enjoy!
I don't think they are having a bad season but I do know they are having a heck of a season this year
I think they would better than the AFC. They had a good performance. They had a good season but never won a game.
The Bears are having a heck of a season so I would not be surprised if they won the AFC North. The Steelers have a win yet. Do you like them?
Sure! He directed Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure about that, but John Liman also produced it. It's a drama. Have you seen it?
No, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some other information about Fair Game that you might like. Would you like to know who produced it?
No, I don't. I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Yes, I know he is a shooting guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
She's also married to Gabrielle Union. She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote Think Like a Man. Have you seen it?
Yes I do. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a sci-fi film. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of sci-fi.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Peter Mensah.
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know if I can help with anything in the Fantasy genre, but I would recommend Watership Down.
Eva Green also starred in the movie The Lord of the Rings: Rise of an Empire
Eva Green is from New York City, but I don't have any information about her.
You as well!
Yes, I am a Dodgers fan. I am a Dodgers fan. How about you?
It sure is! Magic Johnson is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
That's great! My favorite team is the Lakers. Have you ever watched a game live in person?
Sure! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that one?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyn Peake and Vladimir Nabokov. It was released in 1886.
Yes, the original book released in 2000 would be The Return of the King. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel and was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
Sword of Shannara is a great book. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not sure but she also wrote The Sword of Shannara. Have you read that?
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he is a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like him?
Yes, I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.. What's your favorite soccer team?
Yes, I would. How about Alabama? How about Alabama?
I can agree. I love American Football. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he is an author. He wrote Sämtliche Erzählungen and In der Strafkolonie.
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Tropic of Cancer is a children's literature do you like childrens literature?
I would also recommend Travels with Charley: In Search of America, it is a great read. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information right now. However, I can recommend a good book if you like.
No problem. I am glad I could help. Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is written by Martin McDonagh or because it is a thriller?
Yes, it does. It also stars Sean Connery.
I'm sorry, I don't. But, Helena Mattsson starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou, which is a comedy film.
She also starred in a Romantic Comedy called Thirteen.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information about Thirteen. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and has a genre Science.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells.
The genre is mystery
He also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
Yes, it is written by Fredrik Backman. Would you like to know more about this?
I haven't read that one yet, can I help you with anything else?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Rick Riordan or because it was a thriller?
Have you seen the latest Avengers: Age of Ultron or The Titan's Curse?
Yes, The Golden Compass is a sci-fi movie. I haven't seen any of these yet. Have you?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
Yes, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a Young-adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
He directed American Pie. Have you seen that?
I don't know who else starred in it, but if your brother likes American Pie, you should check it out.
She also starred in American Pie, have you seen that one?
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
Isn't he a tennis player? I'm not a huge fan of the sport. How about you?
I haven't. Who is your favorite tennis player?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
Sure! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince. Have you read it?
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince, have you read it?
Melina Karakosta also helped with Le Petit Prince. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure! Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Logan is a superhero movie starring Charlize Theron.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen that one?
I like drama films, are you into that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. Have you read that one?
Godfather was written by Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 2001 and starred Marlon Brando
Sure! The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
Yes The Dead Zone is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is also a film adaptation.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
She wrote the Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, they are all fiction books.
I Am Legend stars Will Smith and Will Smith. Do you like either of those actors?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that one?
I, Robot stars Will Smith. I, Robot is a thriller movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Do you like black comedy films?
If you like action films, you might also try Toy Story 2. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. If you like Adventure films, you may also enjoy The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, he is a great DJ, record producer, singer, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like his music a lot, how about you?
I do, I like his music a lot. I also enjoy his music a lot. How about you?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more?
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by William Bryson
Sure! Les Miserables is a romance film written by Veronica Roth and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like romance films?
Have you seen The Book of Eli which also stars Alain Boublil?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for those films.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Jim Carter. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep also starred in Sex and the City
The River Wild also stars Meryl Streep
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, XLVII, and XVII.
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Tom Cruise. Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
I haven't seen it but I do know that Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Shark Night.
Cold Mountain is a Historical period drama film. If you haven't seen it, you should definitely give it a try.
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets.
The Narrows is one that I have heard of. Have you seen that one?
It has a great cast including Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leanard. Have you seen it?
Yes, Ronan Bennett and Michael Mann both starred in Public Enemies. Do you like them?
Oh yes, he's been in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if he's seen any comedies that he has starred in but Public Enemies is a good one
Ok, I'll have to check that out.
The Fugitive stars Selena Gomez, Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez.
I am not sure of the year it was released.
That is a good one as well. You should check it out when you have time,
You might enjoy The Fugitive or The Return of the Jedi.
I'm not sure if he was in The Fugitive, but I can check it for you later.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Identity. Have you read that?
Peter Pan has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's considered children's literature, fiction, and children's literature.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for a France national football team.
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.. I'm not really a soccer fan.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Gary Scott Thompson.
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau is an author. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Yes it did. Do you like thrillers?
Yes that's a great movie. Weekend at Bernies II is starring Will Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes it did! It also stars Kevin Nealon
Yes she did! The Gazebo is a drama film directed by David Fincher.
The Gazebo is a Romance Film produced and directed by David Fincher.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and produced the movie Children's Literature. Do you like animated films?
Sure, Family Guy is a comedy film written and directed by Seth MacFarlane
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Skyfall is a drama film. It stars Thomas Lennon and Frankenstein.
Yes, he also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Lone Ranger.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Naomie Harris starred in The Longest Ride which is an action film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do. Adventure is a thriller, so I would also recommend The Longest Yard.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She's a great actress. She also wrote both Wicked and Wicked Appetite both.
I don't know of any other books by him, but I can recommend some other books by him as well.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I know a few of the movies he directed, such as The Legend of Tarzan and The Dark Knight. Have you seen any of those?
It's a war film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes he was. I am not sure if Jamie Kennedy was in it, but I do know he is also a director.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
I didn't know that. That's a great book. He was also in The Fault in Our Stars. Did you know that?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction book.
Max Brooks is an American professional boxer who plays as a midfielder for the British National Basketball Association.
I don't know what year it was released, sorry.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those?
I think you'll enjoy it. It's a thriller, so you might like it.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes I do. Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor?
Yes, he also wrote Bridge to Terabithia
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it was written by Tom Cruise or because it was an Action/Adventure movie?
Well, Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky with Tom Cruise. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Happy to help!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
I have not but I will have to check it out.
Yes I do like dramas. How about you?
I do! It was written by Roberto Orci and stars Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
If you like thriller films, Shark Night is one of my favorites. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is also a Spy Film.
Yes, he plays for the Mexico national football team.
Yes, the team is coached by Ryan Giggs and Ryan Giggs. Are you a soccer fan?
You are welcome, goodbye.
Do you like O Alquimista because it was written by Paulo Coelho?
Paulo Cohelo is a professor who wrote the book The Alquimista.
No. Onze minutos a thriller written by Paulo Coelo.
He starred in Unstoppable and The Messenger. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend other movies she's starred in.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
I know they are a part of the National Football League, and owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
I like to watch football. I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
That's great! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, who is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Wimmer. Would you like to know more about it?
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Have you seen it?
Yuki Matsuzaki also starred in The Pink Panther. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia is a great actor. He also starred in The Green Mile which is a historical period drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for that movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team. Did you know their coach is John Fox?
I haven't seen that one yet, I'm not a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I would say that Ned Beatty is a good movie for the Cowboys.
I have seen Jerry Maguire, isn't a great actor? I can't remember if I can recommend anything else.
I'm sure you will enjoy it. Let me know if you need anything else.
Sure, he directed The Kingdom, War, and The Kingdom. Have you seen any of those ?
It's a war film. Tom Everett is also in it. Do you like war movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, he also wrote The Julian chapter and The Lying. Have you read either of these?
That is a great book
I am not sure but I can tell you that Jeff VanderMeer also wrote The Last Days of Downtown
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in The Road to Little Dribbling, have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Bill Murray starred in the movie Wild Things
She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read any of these?
It's a romance novel.
It was written in 1895.
Have you heard of Wicked Lovely, it's a good one.
Persuasion is written by J.D. Salinger and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, you might enjoy that one as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, a few of Judd Hirsch have been in a number of movies including The Jungle and the Pirates of the Caribbean. Are those of interest?
Tower Heist stars Channing Tatum and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure who else starred in Tower Heist, but I know it was a comedy.
I would also recommend The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Yes, most of Russian books are written in Russian. Would you like to read Russian?
No problem, I am glad I could help!
Yes, I like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. It is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, I really liked him in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that?
I'm not a huge fan of the author, Kim Edwards, but I know he wrote the book The Memory Keeper's daughter
I read The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire. Have you read any of those?
That's a great one! What do you think of the Lake of Dreams?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson.
He starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but it was directed by Chris Evans as well.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tika Sumpter starred in The Nanny Diaries.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to check on other books by him?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is written by Ernest Hemingway. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I am a huge fan of tennis as well, would you like to know more about them?
Yes, he has won a lot of medals in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Running with Scissors because it was written by Augusten Burroughs or because it was a mystery?
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1982. It's an excellent book.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I can give you other books written by Jared Diamond if you're interested.
I'm not sure about that, but it was released in 2004.
J.K. Rowling wrote that book. I think you'd enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or a thriller?
He also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
I don't think so, but he did star in The Shaggy Dog. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome!
Sure! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I don't think so, but I know Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1999
Sure! Do you like books written by Neil Gaiman or speculative fiction?
I would recommend Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman. Have you read it?
Happy to help!
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote The Magician's Land and The Giver. Do either of those genres interest you?
I'm not sure about the genre, but I believe it was released in 1997.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But if you're interested in science fiction I can recommend 'The Giver'.
Yes I do. The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Sure! He directed The Happy Gilmore. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who starred in Moon, but I know he also starred in The Matrix.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Matt Berry starred in The Matrix.
Yes I do. I like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know that they have a good Super Bowl this year
I don't know a lot about football, but I do know Jim Caldwell is their quarterback. Who is your favorite player?
I have never a chance to live in person to a game, what is your favorite game?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by George Lucas, or because it was a Fantasy?
Patrick Mavericks was the director
He also directed A Bug's Life which is another interesting one
Yes I do! The Bourne Legacy is a Thriller, starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Thor is definitely one of my favorites. Have you seen The Doom Generation? He also directed that one.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I'll check it out whenever you like.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
I haven't seen any of them but I do know that it's a Mystery and a Mystery. Do you like those genres?
Yes. Charlize Theron starred in Grimms Fairy Tales.
He was in The Green Mile and Charlize Theron. Have you seen any of those movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about this author?
Yes, I have. The Lightning Thief and The Son of Sobek are two of my favorites.
It's a fantasy, so I would also recommend The Lightning Thief if you like fantasy.
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a great actress! She starred in a few of the movies, What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Harsh Times. Have you seen either of those?
She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a romance film. Do either of those genres interest you?
I am not sure of that information, but I can tell you that Sara Dessen starred in a movie called How to Grow, which is a romance film.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Sure, Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Jared Letto
Deadpool has genre Comedy
I like Lebron James he is a great Athlete. I think he is a great player
I actually don't really know who he is. What do you think about Lebron James?
Yes, he has made a lot of money to him. Is he anything else I can help with?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Fault in our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like the genre of this book?
Have you read Wicked Lovely or The Fault in Our Stars?
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth George Speare who also wrote Paper Towns.
Happy to help!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto. Have you seen that?
Of course! It's a romantic comedy, it stars Jake Gyllenhaal and is considered a comedy.
It was released in 2004.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a great actress. She starred in The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you read that?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes it is. Do you want to know more about Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Robert Duvall also wrote The Apostle.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
I'm not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that Farrah Fawcett starred in The Apostle.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He directed the thriller The Fault in Our Stars.
It also stars Willie Garson and Rosario Dawson. Would you like to hear more?
I believe it's more of a historical fiction film to be honest.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites. He directed Seven Samurai. Have you seen that?
I would recommend on Flux, if you like adventure movies.
Seven Samurai has genre Thriller, and was written by Akira Kurosawa.
Sure! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Pattinson directed it.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes,It is written by Mark Burnett and released in 1862.
Muc is a great book! It came out in 1862.
Okay, maybe you'd like to check it out.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox?
Shane is a great actor. He starred in the movie The Good Guy
Happy to help!
Sure, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Have you read Where There's Smoke? It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
Yes I do! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Have you read either of those?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1838.
That's right! I'll have to add that one to your reading list.
Happy to help!
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes I do. I like to watch the Rockets. What about you?
I like to watch college football. What about you?
I haven't. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by William Nicholls
I'm not sure, but I know that he directed The Deer Hunter. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure about that. I don't know if they're comic movies, but Hellboy was directed by James Cameron. Have you seen that?
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Ayn Rand also wrote We are the Living
Atlas Shrugged was released 1957 as a book.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote The Long Goodbye.
You can try When You Reach me or Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in Kung Fu Panda and The Little Prince. Have you seen them?
Yes, he was in that too! Did you know he's also an actor? He's also a director?
He's been in a few of the movies including High School Musical, X-Men, X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen any of those ?
I think you'll enjoy them!
Do you like the author James Patriotterson or the genre of this book?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a Young-adult fiction book. Is that what interests you or would you like to know more?
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm not sure where the team is located, but the team is located in New York City.
Yes I do. I like to watch basketball from time to time. I'm more of a basketball fan. How about you?
I like to watch college football all the way. Who is your favorite team?
I don't really know a lot about him, but I know he's an athlete.
Yes. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in Waterworld.
Sure! John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1973 and is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1973.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, it was directed by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he also starred in the movie. It's a thriller and a drama.
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 1999
No problem, enjoy!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about Divergent?
Then you might also enjoy The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure! Its'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang.
I'm sorry, I don't show any other books by Tatiana de Rosnay.
You are welcome, goodbye.
She wrote Black Beauty
Anna Sewell wrote a number of books. Would you like to know more about her?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't heard any of them, but I do like their music. What's your favorite song of theirs?
I'm not sure if he does, but Adam Levine starred in a movie called If I Stay.
I'm not sure if it's a show but if it's a TV show, if I'm not mistaken.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
No, Orphan Train is considered historical, historical and historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote A Piece of the World and A Piece of the World.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But Kevin Spacey is starring in The Mask.
I'm not sure but I would say it is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes. Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was a great adventure movie. I would also recommend The Island by the way.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon. Have you read that?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in the Mortal Instruments City of Bones, have you seen it?
That's right, if you're into mystery, there's a whole series!
I'm not sure about Zodiac, but it was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like Russel Wilson. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, he does. He's also one of the best quarterbacks ever.
Not really, I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Sure, he directed The Fountainhead. Have you seen that one?
Ponyo also starred in The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen that one?
It's a Princess Mononoke, a Princess of Mononoke was released in 1951. It also stars William Hurt and Tim Blake Nelson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like Matt Damon because it is a thriller?
Have you read The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: The Matrix?
LOL! It's a great movie! I'm sure you will love it!
I'm not sure about that. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Of course! Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I'm not sure if that's the case, but I do know that Drew Brees is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Saints.
They have a good chance!
Sure! He starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's one of my favorites.
Robert De Niro is also in this movie, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll do that right away!
You're welcome.
Me too! Dreams of God is a good one. Have you seen it?
Warm Bodies is starring Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like his movies?
Nicole Kidman and Cory Hardrict starred in the movie The Day
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read those?
It's a warbreaker. Do you like warbreakers?
It was released in 2004
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like movies written by Mandy Moore?
Have you seen The Lion, the Witches? It's one of my favorites.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Molly Shannon starred in The Santa Clause.
Yes I do. Ender's Game was written by Colin Trevorrow. Do you like his work?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a great science fiction writer. He wrote The Gate Thief and The Gate Thief. Have you read those?
Yes, have you read The Gate Thief or The Gate Thief?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Scorpio Races and The Dark Knight. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did. He also starred in the movie The Avengers
You are very welcome.
Yes, Anthony Daniels is a great actor. He starred in The Making of the Atomic Bomb and The Titanic. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! He is a great actor. He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars, and The Wizard of Oz. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a really good movie
No, I don't
your welcome
I haven't read the book but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Princess Diaries?
Ok. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, I also like London as well. Then I suggest you check it out when you have time.
I'm glad to help.
I don't really like them, but I think they are one of the best NFL team in the AFC West.
Do you like Ryan Moats? I don't know much about him.
I'm not sure about that but I do know he was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you enjoy Watership down because it is a fantasy?
The Lord of the Rings is definitely speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of that might be The Return of the King.
Yes, they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I'm not sure but they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
I would say it's because of their coach, Ken Whisenhunt. They have a good chance.
Sure! He is in some great films, including Unstoppable, Troy, and Captain America: Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
If you like historical films, you might also enjoy The Return of the King. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. I'm sorry.
Sure! I hope you enjoy the film.
Yes, Return of the Jedi is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen Return of the Jedi yet? It's a science fiction thriller.
Charlize Theron is the main character who stars in that movie. Do you like her?
She's great! I hope you have a great day!
Yes, it's a great movie. 50/50 stars Paul Werner, Paul Werner, and Michelle Pfeiffer. Do you like either of them?
Yes, he was. Rock from the Sun is a TV comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time but I can tell you other actors who starred in it.
Do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is a young adult fiction.
I like him, he's a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Well, if you like to watch Wildcats, I would say check that out.
Couples Retreat was a great movie. I think he is funny too. Have you seen Couples Retreat?
Sure! Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like him?
Volcano was directed and edited by Terry Gilliam. Do you want other Sci-Fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he was in Dante's Peak, but did you know Dante's Peak was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do. I am a fan of the effects of the Butterfly Effect. I haven't seen the movie yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
He has starred in Wreck-It Ralph and The Final Destination
I would recommend The Go-Girl, which is a thriller.
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree. Have you seen that movie?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home is starring Walter Koeing, Walter Koett and Tim Blake Nelson. Its a Science Fiction movie.
You are very welcome!
Have a great day!
The Inside Man is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
The Big Hit was directed by Joel Coen, would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea F.C.
I don't know much about American Football but I know some other midfielders like Cassandra Clare. Do you know her?
I don't really know much about tennis but I know her sister Serena Williams is also a tennis player.
I don't really know much about them except that they are owned by Jay-Z.
I don't think so, but yes, he is a point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure about that, what is the coach?
Yes it is a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christian Bale starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transcendence is a great movie starring William Morgan Sheppard
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his works are Where Have You Been Warned and Where Have You Been.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. She sings dance music too. Have you heard of her?
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genres?
Then you might also enjoy Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you seen those?
I would also recommend The Golden Compass.
Is there anything I can help you with?
OK.
Yes, James Harden is the shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like basketball?
Yes. I think he is a good player. What's your favorite player?
That's right, he's a good player. I don't really like Lakers, how about you?
That was a great movie! It was directed by Frank Marshall. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, have you watch World War Z or Truman or American Gangsters?
Sure, different movies are; Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, Total Recall
your welcome
Crescendo is a romance novel written by Paulo Coelho. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of these?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read that one?
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Good Girl, which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
Well, The Prince of Persia is a Romance Film, have you seen that one?
I would definitely recommend The Day After Tomorrow, it is a great movie.
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits. Emma Stone and Andy Samberg are in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Joss Whedon.
Jamie Foxx also starred in Shaun of the Dead, have you seen that one?
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
No, I am not familiar with the book. I do know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks, would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry I don't. I'm not sure where the author is from.
Mark Boal wrote the book The Notebook.
Yes, he also wrote "Happy Gilmore" which is a romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know a whole lot but I know Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Mark Cotta Vaz
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Bed is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2012. Do you like books by the same author or genre?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
That's all I know of. Have you read All My Sons yet?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach, John Fox. Do you like them?
Yes, they are. The Broncos seem to have a bit of a bit of something. They've never won a Super Bowl yet. Are you a fan?
They're looking good. They're 4th in their division right now. They're 4th in their division right now.
Lolita is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It's a thriller that was released in 2004.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes I have. I like his music a lot. Did you know he dated Tobey Maguire?
I'm not sure about that spouse, but I know that Jessica Biel is also a model.
No, I haven't. I'm more of a Justin Timberlake fan though.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the fantasy genre of the book?
Have you read The Silkworm or The Casual Vacancy? They are both very good.
Sure! The Silkworm is a novel set in England. It was also made into a movie starring Scarlett Johansson
That was written by Ralph Fiennes who also wrote The Last Days of Dogs. Have you read it?
Of course! Night, an autobiographies that was written by Robert A. Heinlein, was also known as an autobiography.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, she also wrote The Silkworm, The Casual Vacancy, and The Silkworm.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't, but I can give it a try.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he is popular. He plays for France National Football team.
James Harden is a good player. Who is your favorite player?
Yes I watched the show. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not a huge fan of American TV shows. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I think he's done a lot of TV shows. I'm not sure if that's the best one.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger. Do you like him?
Yes, you are right. Anne-Marie Duff starred in The Prestige.
It was released in 2000 and a romance film directed by Christopher Nolan.
Will do. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
He also produced The Fault in Our Stars and The Invisible Man. Have you seen those?
You are welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
I'm not sure of the exact information. I can give you some information about the books I mentioned.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I agree, I like the movie Spring Breakers more. What about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sure it's a good one to check out.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller or a drama?
Yes the Red Sox won the World Series this year but the Red Sox won the World Series.
Yes I am a baseball fan. I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I am not a baseball fan. I do know the Red Sox won the World Series this year. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he won a lot of PGA Championships right?
I don't think so, but I know he won the PGA Championship in 2012.
I didn't know Phil Mickelson was in a relationship with Tiger Woods, did you know he had a relationship with Tiger Woods?
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Tom Cruise and Zach Galifianakis. Are you familiar with those actors?
Yes he did, along with Evangeline Lilly. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, The Heart Is Deceit also stars Evangeline Lilly and is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, the Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League and in the NFC West. Do you like Football?
I think Josh Rosen is from Arizona. Did you know he is a Quarterback?
I do like college football, what is your favorite college team?
I don't know a lot about him. I don't know much about him. Is he a great player?
I don't know much about soccer, either. I prefer American football, so I'm more of a soccer fan. How about you?
I really like American Football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I believe it was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
I'm sorry, I don't know any other books like this. I do know that it was written in English. Would you like to know more about this?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Yes it is! Along Came a Spider is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by James Patterson, would you like to know who wrote it?
No problem! I'm glad I could help.
Yes, I do. It was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Have you seen What's Eating Gilbert Grape? It's one of my favorites.
The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a drama, but The Sun Also Rises is more of a series. Have you read those?
Yes! He wrote Jurassic Park. Have you heard of it?
Ok, some great thriller films would be Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
Sure, some actors that have starred in the movie are Zach Grenier and Stephen King. Have you seen either of these?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it was written by Sue Monk Kidd or because it was a romance novel?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical Novel and Children's Literature.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I didn't know that, but I know she plays badminton. I'm more of a tennis fan.
No, I don't think so. What did you think?
Yes, The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is a great book.
I like Romeo and Juliet, but Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Kylie Scott also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Do you like the author Sense and Sensibility because it is a drama?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he is a great singer and song writer. I especially like the song I Like It. How about you?
Anna Kournikova is also a musician and a musician. Do you like her music?
I like dance music. I'm a big fan of a lot of music.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
It also stars Martin Scorsese, Martin Scorsese, and Martin Scorsese to name a few.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Ok. I'll do that right now.
Yes I can. He directed the drama film We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but Summer of Sam is starring Jennifer Esposito
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't show the genre of the Historian
Yes, I will send it now
Yes, he is a golfer from South Africa.
what do you think about Tiger Woods?
that is true. do you know anything about tennis?
yea i like college football. what about you do you like to watch?
oh wow i know a lot about tennis. do you follow any sport?
yea hes good. i love the Dallas Cowboys. how about you?
I think they are okay. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I don't have that information, but I know the Atlanta Falcons are part of the National Football League.
How are the Patriots doing this year?
Yes, she wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you read that?
Yes, Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. It was released in English and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel as well. That was released in 1958.
Yes! He starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable, and The Fountain.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that Ethan Suplee also starred in Clerks II.
Yes. He also starred in The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen that?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure, they work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Records, Records, Records, Music and Records.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't have any idea if Coldplay is touring.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I like the Patriots, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yes, one of the most popular football teams in the world. Which one is your favorite?
I don't think that's what the name of the team, but I believe the team is coached by Mike Richardson.
That's cool! Thanks for the information!
Terry George has directed Jurassic Park. Have you seen that?
I don't know of any other films he's directed but he also directed a lot of other ones such as Unstoppable and The Hotel Rwanda.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit. Have you read that one yet?
It was released in 2000.
I'm sorry, I don't. But The Tales of Peter Rabbit is a Children's Literature. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Roberto Orci. Do you like science fiction?
He has also starred in Wolverine, which is a sci-fi.
The Proposal is a thriller, do you like those types of movies?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
The Proposition is a romantic comedy. It also stars Sandra Bullock.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Frank Beddor.
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help with today?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
Then I would recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend other films starring John Ratzenberger, like The Incredibles.
Yes, he plays basketball as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not a huge fan of Cricket but I like to watch the Superbowl. How about you?
Not really, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
Yes, it is a great movie written by Jim Uhlstoy. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
I haven't heard that one yet, but I'm a big fan of her music. Do you?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I know she has a good voice. I think I'm going to check that out. I'm going to check that out.
I'm going to try "Little Altars Everywhere" and "Lilo & Stuck on You."
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carey. Do you like black comedy films?
Sure, Shooter was written by Stephen King. Stephen King also produced it. Do you like his movies?
Another thriller by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, have you seen that one?
Sure, it stars Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Michelle Pfeiffer.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you like Golf?
That's true. Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't. What sport do you like to watch?
Serenity was written by Joss Whedon, and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're Welcome!
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if it's a thriller, but it's quite scary. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I am not sure who else starred in Kind Rewind, but Michel Gondry also wrote Things Fall Apart.
I do! I love Adam Levine. Do you like them?
I do like their music a lot, but I like their song a lot . I like Taylor Swift too. How about you?
I like their music a lot, I like their song a lot. Do you like Teenage Dreams?
Yes, I am a fan of speculative fiction. How about you?
I don't know too much about that, but I do know that he's a great actor.
I'll have to try it out, thank you
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
Soccer isn't my thing right now but I'm more of a American Football fan. How about you?
I'm not a huge soccer fan, but I know he is coached by Louis van Gaal.
Sure, Shrek is written by Mike Myers. Do you like Mike Myers movies?
That is a Sci-Fi/Action movie starring David Schneider and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mark Boal stars in Day After Tomorrow as a thriller.
You are welcome.
Sure, she starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Lea Thompson starred in Wild Life.
Randy Quaid starred in Wild Life. Would you like to know more about Randy Quaid?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Do those sound interesting?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
These books fall under the genre Thriller
You're welcome
I don't know who directed it but it was written by David Benioff who also wrote the Simpsons Movie
He also wrote The Simpsons Movie
I'm not sure who starred in it, but David Silverman directed it.
You as well!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy genres?
Rango is an adventure film starring Gil Birmingham. Do you like adventure films?
Yes, Rango is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
21 jump street stars Sharlto Copley. Do you like his movies?
Ride along has the genre comedy. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure! You are most welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information. However, I can tell you some other Comedy movies you might enjoy.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess, which is speculative fiction.
I'm going to add it to your reading list!
The Vampire Chronicles is great! It's also speculative fiction, so I'm sure you will like it!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Catching Fire. Have you read that one?
I don't know what year The Passage was released.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
She is an artist who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you read it?
Mansfield Park has a genre Historical period drama.
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Have you read this one yet?
I'm sure you will enjoy this one as well.
I haven't seen Murder on the Orient Express, but I'll have to check it out
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't. I do know that the genre of Hunchback of Notre-Dame is science fiction.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen those?
Amelie is a romantic comedy film. It also stars Ralph Fiennes. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
I don't really know any of his music but I do know he composed We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, he is. I like his music alot, how about you?
Yes, he has a record label with Wide Sargasso Sea and Hot Tub Time.
Great! He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
I'd recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. It's in the romance genre.
Yes, I like him a lot. He's a great player. I'm more of a basketball fan. How about you?
Yes I am a basketball fan. How about you?
Yes, he did
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 1886.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Sure! He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
It was directed byigi Pistilli, would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure but she also starred in The Casual Vacancy
You're very welcome!
Yes, I can. I recommend you The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
I don't have information about that, but I can tell you that Drew Barrymore starred in that movie.
Well, he was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which also starred Robert De Niro.
Ok great, have a good day it would be anything else I can help you with?
I don't know about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like The Dark Knight because it is a superhero movie or thriller?
No, I haven't seen any of the Fast 2 Furious movies. Which genre are you interested in?
The most popular adventure movie would be The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you seen those?
I don't know if one is a blockbuster. I do not know if one is in the movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote We Rode in Trucks and The Sparrow. Have you read either of those?
The Blue Castle came out in 2003.
The Royal Tenenbaums was also released that year.
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that?
You might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But other romance films you might enjoy are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. He also directed it as well.
I would highly recommend The Green Mile, it is a very good horror movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know a few of his music like Wild Ones, Who's That Chick, and Love is Gone. What's your favorite song?
Yes I do like his music. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like Falling Love. What is your favorite song of his?
I really like Micheal Jackson. I also like her song I Don't Want This Night to End. Have you heard of it?
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh. He also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Great, hope you enjoy it.
you are very welcome have a great day
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was a comedy or a comedy?
I'm not sure about that but I can recommend something else for you.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but if you like Sci-Fi movies you should check out Knocked Up
No problem, enjoy!
I don't think he is going to play for the Seattle Seahawks. I'm not sure about that. Do you follow football?
Yes, they were the runner-up of the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I don't know much about him as I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yes, he's a good athlete. He's a good athlete. Do you like him?
It's a drama film
I'm not sure about that, I don't think so, I'm not sure of that information.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Kid. Have you read that one?
I do not have that information but I can tell you that Carl Jung is an author.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that Vladimir Nabokov is from the United States
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna. Have you seen that one?
It's a Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and it is a Sci-fi.
You're welcome.
I love her music. I think she is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
I am not sure about that. I do know that Demi Lovato starred in Larry Crowne with Larry Crowne. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't think they've seen that one as well, but I do know that she's a good actress.
Dead to the World is a speculative fiction book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like that genre?
Then I would recommend Dead to the World. It's in the same genre as well.
Of course! It was written by Charlaine Harris, and is a thriller.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Quantum of Solace is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Skyfall is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
James Bond and James Bond are both in Skyfall
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know too much about them except that they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XLVII. Do you follow football?
I'm not really sure about that, but I know Ken Whisenhunt played for the Detroit Lions.
Yes, the Steelers won Super Bowl XLVII and Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like movies starring Tom Hanks?
I do like thrillers. I also like Shark Night. Shark Night is also a thriller.
Yes, I have. Unfinished Business is starring Tom Wilkinson.
I do like hip hop. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I like rock. I'm more of a Beatles fan. How about you?
Yes, Zipper was released in 2015 as well.
Yes, it is written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know, but The Golden Compass is also young adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Of course, I know that he is a scientist, speculative fiction film, and was born in Lusanne.
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
Can I help you with anything else?
You're very welcome!
He wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
I'm sure Angela's Ashes is a football team. I'm not sure of the genre, but Frank McCourt is a business man.
I'm sure there's a lot of action in it, like Waterworld, but there's a lot of action in it.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Channing?
He also starred in Tate. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure of the release date
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Oz and is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes she has a great voice. She's also a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. I love Sam & Cat! She's a great singer. I also really enjoyed her song What a Girl Wants.
I don't think I am going to watch that one. I don't really know anything about her. Is she a good actor?
Yes, she did. She's also a great singer. I'm not sure if she did anything else.
I'm sure you'll love it!
The Lord of the Rings came out in 2007.
The Lord of the Rings came out the same year.
The Rock was released in 1996 and directed by Robertael Bay. Have you seen that one yet?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like Kyla Pratt?
Yes, I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Real Madrid C.F..
Yes I am a fan of the Columbia National Football team. What's your favorite team?
Yes he plays midfielder
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some other movies in that genre include The Matrix, Zombieland, and The Matrix.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray.
It stars Nathan Lane, Nathan Lane, and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure about that, but Groundhog Day is a romance film.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Are you interested in Kill Bill Vol. 1?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2004. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was directed by David Mitchell, who also directed the Sky Crawlers.
The Great Yokai War also stars Frank Grillo, who is a great actor.
Sure, you got it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Secret Life of Bees and The Golden Compass are both great books in the fantasy genre.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a huge fan of her music but I know she is a great lyricist. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. I'm not a big fan of electronic dance music. What about you?
Yes, I haven't heard that. I think she's from California. How about you?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Meryl Streep, Rachel Ticotin, and Judd Apatow.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Marc John Jefferies, Fred Gwyneth Paltrow, and Judd Hirsch.
I don't. But I know Steve Jobs is an Executive Producer from the Seattle Seahawks and he produced the MLB Red Sox.
Yes, he is an amazing actor. He starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But you should check it out.
You're very welcome!
Ok, i will do that too!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary. Have you read either of these?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information
I dont have information about that
your welcome
I don't think he's a good player but I think he won a NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I think Selena Gomez might be a point guard. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Wow! I didn't know that. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, I do like the Mets. I am a MetLife fan. Do you like the Mets?
That's right. I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a Mets fan?
My favorite team is the Redskins, what's yours?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team
I can't agree, but I know he's a forward for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Sure! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing, which is a thriller. Do either of those genres interest you?
It's a Mummy. I would also recommend The Mummy Returns if you're interested.
Sure, that's a great one! You might also enjoy The Mummy, it's in the fantasy genre.
I'm not sure, but The Hills Have Eyes is a thriller, so I would definitely recommend it.
Glad to be of help!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen What the Night Knows? It is also a book written by Shirley Henderson.
Well, it's a great one that you might enjoy. The Indy is also starring, have you seen it?
Yes I do. It is a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Do you like Thrillers?
You might also enjoy The Last Samurai, which is a thriller.
It's a great movie! It was written by David Benioff and stars William Hurt and Jason Bateman.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of the genre but I can recommend other books by P.C. Cast such as Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can give you some other books he wrote.
Wicked Lovely also includes Tempted, Revenge of the Fallen and Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it was written by Ernest Hemingway or because it was a war film?
Islands in the Stream has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy.
I'm not sure of the romance genre but I can tell you more about Tolstoy and Tolstoy.
You're welcome.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
I'm not sure how they will do. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan, but they're having a heck of a season. They're having a heck of a season. They're having a heck of a season. They're having a heck of a season but they're having a good season. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not sure if she's married to Gisele Bundchen, but I know she's married to a New England Patriots woman.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote City of Ember.
Edward Scissorhands
Eli Craig directed and produced it
Sounds good.
Sure, WALL-E is written byALL-E. He also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that one?
have you seen Transformers? That's a great one.
It stars Danny DeVito and Bill Murray, have you seen it?
he also directed The Goonies, a great sci-fi movie.
I think Katy Perry is a great performer. Do you like her music?
I didn't know that. That is a good book, though.
I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brande, but I know he is a great actor.
Yes, they are a great movie starring Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Thomas Lennon also starred in 10 Days, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I agree. Did you know that Magic Mike was produced by Fox Searchlight Pictures?
Yes, it was written by Meryl Streep and stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
Sure, you might enjoy The Devil's Advocate, it is also a comedy drama film
Yes, Mamma Mia is a great actress. She also starred in The Devil's Advocate, and The Devil's Advocate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter ausklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Under the Tuscan Sun and The Secret Life of Bees are also in that genre.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Jennifer Lawrence
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. He also starred in that film.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, you may be interested in that.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he is a writer. He's also a Lawyer and a Television producer.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. It is written by Quentin Blake and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like his movies?
Sure, I would recommend The Rum Diary or The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Are you familiar with either?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Sure, Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read that one?
You're Welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read that?
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is a historical fiction novel. Dorian is also a film.
I'm not sure of that but I can tell you that it was released in 1960.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. Are you familiar with the Throne of Glass by Sarah J Maas?
Yes, it was released in 2012 and starred Robert Downey Jr.
Sure, have you see The Assassin's Blade or The Last Colony?
No problem! Let me know if you need anything else.
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, a Thriller. Have you seen that one?
No, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. If you like Mark Boal, you should check it out.
I would also recommend The Hurt Locker, it is a great movie.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like football?
I don't really know a lot about him, other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like football?
Yeah, Shakira is from Columbia. What's your favorite player?
It was written by Quentin Blake and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like his movies?
He also directed Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
I like to watch the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about them. I know they are coached by Jim Caldwell.
I'm not a huge fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer. How about you?
I really like to watch football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
That's right! I'm more of a baseball fan, so I'm not sure about that.
I'm not sure if there are other books similar to The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People. Would you like to know who wrote it?
He also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling and Patriotic Prostitutes
The Cuckoo's Calling was also released that year
what else can i do for you?
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro. Have you seen it?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory stars Robert De Niro and is a family genre movie have you seen that one?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
I would also recommend The Rum Diary which is an action film.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by David Fincher. Do you like his work?
Milo Forman also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Great, I would suggest The Fault in Our Stars, or Graveyard.
Well, if you like historical period dramas you should check out The Fault in Our Stars.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Vanishing Girls is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Yes, I do like Paul McCartney. I know he is a musician, songwriter, and film producer.
Yes, I do like Paul McCartney. I like his music a lot.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I know Kevin McNally is also a coach. Do you know who the coach is?
I am not sure but I know he is from the United States of America.
The Island was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you should check out The Island. It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. What else can I do for you?
Glad to be of help
I like him in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was also in X-Men: First Class
The film was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. It is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are both great
you are welcome
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, I do. American Football is a team coached by lionel messi.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, what about you?
Yes, he wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was in English. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians was a great book.
That is true. Have you read anything by Sean Barrett?
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Do you like them?
I like basketball, so I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I don't really know a lot about basketball but I do know that they are coached by Dallas Mavericks.
I can! He wrote Candide. Have you read that?
I'm sorry I don't have information about that. I can give you more information about the title of the book.
I do! I haven't read Candide, but I know that it is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? It's one of my favorites.
Sure, he also wrote The Tao of Pooh. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like him as well. Did you know he is a soccer player?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
That is where the New Jersey Devils play.
I know they are coached by Carlo Ancelotti, Carlo Ancelotti, and Jose Mourinho.
I'm not sure of the name, but I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
Not really, I like American Football. What about you?
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Giver. Have you read those?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. It was released in 1994.
Yes, I can tell you that John Travolta also starred in Resident Evil. Have you seen that one?
Bringing it up now!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
It is a historical fiction.
Marina is a paranormal romance, and paranormal romance
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Ok, I'll have to give it a try.
No problem.
Yes I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
Yes, the Mets have a good year for the Mets. They have a few Super League teams.
Yes, the Mets are one of the most popular teams in the MLB.
I'm not a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. What do you think?
Yes, I do like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
LIKE Jerome Robbins is a good player. What is your favorite player?
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It is a Thriller.
Yes I do. She wrote The Wrestler. Have you read it?
Yeah, she's a lot of talented singers, and actresses. She's also a writer.
That's a great movie to watch. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Yes he is, he is also a writer.
Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented because it was written by Tim Dolin?
Thomas Hardy also wrote a non-fiction book called A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891.
He starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen any of these?
Jamel also starred in She Hate Me 2. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Isabelle Nanty also starred in Welcome to Temptation.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the movie if you're interested.
I'll do that right away!
I don't know much about golf but I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I believe he's from Northern Ireland. I'm more of a golf fan. What about you?
I'm not sure about that, I know some of their music. I'm a fan of American music, so I'd love to learn more.
Yes, I can tell you that Tom Hanks also starred in the sci-fi film The Avengers.
I'm not sure of the genre, but The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other options for you. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay, have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-fi action movie directed by Neill Blomkamp. Do you like Sci-fi?
Then I would suggest The Kill Order then.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do like her song a lot. I like the song Jar of Hearts. How about you?
Yes, I like her song a lot. What do you think of her song?
I like Taylor Swift though. I think he's a good singer.
I'm not sure about HIM, but Classic Rock is a classic.
Sure! The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It was also turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Fiery Cross is a book written by Diana Gabaldon, it's in the genre of historical fiction. Is that of interest to you?
I'm not sure, but I can give you some other books written by Edward Jones if you like.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you read that one?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II? It was produced by Todd Phillips
I haven't seen it myself. what is the genre of the movie?
I'm not a big basketball fan, but if I'm playing I'd root for the Rockets. How about you?
Yes I do. It is a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
I haven't, but I haven't read any of the books that I've read. But I haven't read any of the books I've heard of. I haven't read any of them but I've heard it's good.
She sure did! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
I'm sorry, I don't have that information
I would also like to read II by him
There are many, please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Up was written by Pete Docter. It's a young adult fiction film. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure of her other works, but she wrote Up as well.
It is a Thriller
Have you seen We Bought A Zoo? He also stars in that
You are very welcome!
They are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Leslie Alexander. Do you like them?
J.K. Simmons, the coach of the basketball team.
I don't know much about Hardaway but I know he was a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets
Yes, I would like to know that Renaldo Balkman is a good player
Do you like the Gunslinger because it's written by Stephen King or because it's romance?
It was released in 2008. It's a thriller and suspense.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Fight Club because it is a psychological thriller or a thriller?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Fight Club was produced by David Fincher
I like the Cleveland Browns, they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVIII Super Bowl XLVII?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
That's right. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think?
That's pretty cool. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Jay Rubin starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I am sorry I don't have that information
Yes he also wrote the book
you are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Saulius Dagys is a singer, songwriter, and film director.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote Neverwhere. It was released in 2005.
No problem, enjoy!
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Predators is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen this one yet?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent: The Winter Soldier was directed by Veronica Roth and stars Susan Sarandon
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and is a drama. Do you like drama?
A Clockwork Orange, The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are all great ones
Yes. He also wrote All My Sons
No problem. Glad to help.
Sure, he starred in The Wrestler, The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
I will have to watch that one now.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Sex and the City, which is a great movie.
I'm not sure about that, but Cynthia Nixon starred in The Social Network, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure of any other films he's starred in, but I do know that he is also in the Minority Report.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham is a great actor. He starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, Scarface is a thriller, and Last Action Hero is written by Joel Coen. Do you like his movies?
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
I would recommend The Amazing Spider-Man 2, it is also a great choice.
Yes, Unbreakable is also a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't really know much about him. How about you?
I like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
I don't really know much about them except that they are coached by John Fox. Do you know who they are?
I am not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know they won the XXXV Super Bowl.
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite Patriots player?
I would, Outlander is written by Ben Ripley and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you enjoy Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross.
Sure! Other Sci-Fi books you might enjoy are Zombieland, Zoom, and Zombieland. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about it?
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. Have you read it?
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird.
you're welcome
I don't know much about soccer but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, I know that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal, but I don't know much about it. What do you think?
I think he's a great actor. He's also a musician and a musician.
Sure, One for the Money is written by David Nicholls. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, it was co-written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, it is part of the Twilight series.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Mindy Kaling also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a drama film.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Sure! He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also stars Jeff Garlin.
Yes, she has a television show called The Long Kiss Goodnight, which is a television show.
She has been in a number of movies including The Women of Brewster Place and The Polar Express. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! He directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? He directed that.
Well, he was in the movie Up in the Air, did you know that?
Well, he actually wrote that one as well. Have you seen it?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn. Are you interested in romance films?
He also stars in Troy, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. It stars Seth Rogen. what else can i do for you?
Yes, he did. Box was released in 2001.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller.
Sure, have you seen The Golden Compass or The Titan's Curse?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Assassin and the Underworld.
The Throne of Dawn is a Fantasy and Queen of Shadows.
I can also recommend The Assassin and the Underworld.
Yes. Similar movies in that genre include The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe. Have you seen those?
Sure, Gothika is a romance/comedy film that also stars Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
I'm not sure, but Go Ask Alice is a romance. Do you like romance?
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Sure! Do you like the Proposition because it is starring Sandra Bullock?
She was also in Miss Congeniality, have you seen that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, I do. I like Paper Towns because it is written by John Green. Do you like him?
Yes, he also wrote Will Grayson, Will Grayson, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read any of these?
It's a young adult fiction book.
No problem, enjoy!
Outlander is written by Ben Ripley. Do you like the author or the genre?
It was released in 2005.
It's a science fiction novel. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell
I'm not sure but she also wrote Landline
They are fiction books
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, he was. Do you like his movies? If so, you might also enjoy The Wreck-It Ralph.
You might enjoy The Wreck-it Ralph, or Welcome to the Monkey House.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player, right?
I like both Venus and Serena better. Do you like either of them?
I'm not sure what is Hair Show. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! One of my favorites is The Mask. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors are Vanessa Redgrave, Stephen McEvee and Stephen McEvee to name a few.
Sure, Watchmen is a comedy and stars Matt Frewer. Do you like comedy movies?
Sure, if you're into Science Fiction then you might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Matrix.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read it?
Okay, then you'll like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, or Where Rainbows End.
Yes, it's part of the Gemstone Trilogy.
Sure, I would try The Silkworm, The Silkworm, and The Sea of Monsters. They are both fantasy books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
No, I do not. I'm sorry I don't.
No problem, I am happy I could help. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in New York City, and the Broncos are coached by Mike Smith.
Case Keenum was a Midfielder as well. He was a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Do you like any other teams?
The current head coach is John Fox. I'm not sure of their coach, but the Bengals will make it to Super Bowl XLVII.
I enjoy watching college football. What about you?
He's a great player! He's also in my favorite team, the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he plays for the Spain National Football Team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure but I know he is a midfielder for the Spain national football team. Do you follow soccer?
That's right! Santiago Bernabén is the home stadium.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle
It is a science fiction book, do you like science fiction books?
You might also enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do like his music a lot. I like his wife Marlon Brando, how about you?
I like Lose Yourself. What's your favorite song of his?
No. I haven't. What's your favorite song?
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Toolbooth. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Jules Feiffer wrote the Phantom Tollbooth.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I know he plays quarterback but I don't really know much about him.
The Wildcats is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Denver Broncos.
Wow, I didn't know he starred in a movie called Harrelson.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs. Have you read either of those?
Micmacs is a thriller. Is that what interests you?
Zulu stars Robert De Niro and Benedict Cumberbatch. I'm not sure who else stars in Zulu.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I know it's written by Jay Asher and thirteen-adult fiction.
Well, if he enjoys young-adult fiction, you might also like The Future of Us.
I haven't, but I'll give them a try.
I'm not sure of that information, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
Yes! It was written by Emma Grisham and released in 1886.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies are a couple of her books. Have you read them?
It was released in 1817 and is a romance novel.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Great Gilly. Have you read it?
Tilda Swinton stars in Welcome to the Monkey House which is a mystery movie. Have you seen that one?
The Red Violin was directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Johnny Depp. Have you seen the movie?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
