Sure, it is a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like the movie?
I love action films, like The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe, have you seen them?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a fantasy and Spy Fiction. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the actors, but one of my favorite horror movies is The Hypnotist's Love Story. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
I know that she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that it is part of a series.
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Givens, Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, and Ben Stiller. It's a great comedy.
She has starred in a lot of movies like There's Something About Mary,She's Something About Mary, and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
No. I don't have that information. But I do know it is written by Brad Pitt and starred in it.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like the genre?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
No, she did not. That is about all the books that I highly recommend.
no problem. Hope you enjoy.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It is considered a Romantic Comedy and a Crime Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Matt Damon and Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, Enjoy!
I know he plays cricket. But that's about it, I don't watch much myself.
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. I believe.
Toni Kroos is a player on the Pakistan national team. Do you like him?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
Enjoy your movie!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. Who do you like?
Oh cool. I like to watch Basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh, and he's very sweet! He is one of my favorite players, now he's a former American Football player.
I do! I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer who are my favorites.
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 2006.
Yes, you are correct! It is a Sci-Fi movie starring Sam Worthington
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister, Gone Girl, or Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, or Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know it stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn, and its a thriller and a suspense movie. Do either of those actors sound familiar?
Yes, they are a great thriller. If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Have you seen it?
It was written by Meg Cabot and released in 2006.
Anne Hathaway starred in this movie.
Do you like horror films?
Yes, it is a Horror film, similar to Where the Stranger Calls.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy thriller, do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror movie starring Ryan Reynolds and is a suspense thriller movie.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Then you'll like Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
The clockwork princess is a great one. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Will do! Enjoy.
Enjoy!
I sure do. Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer from Unforgiven. It's a thriller.
Morgan Freeman starred in Taken , which is a science fiction film.
Those are good ones. What genre do you like?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, another movie that is similar is Catching Fire. Have you seen that one?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was married to Sean Penn from the TV series, so I'm not sure.
He did, but I'm not sure about that. I hope you enjoy his movies.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he played for the Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
You are welcome.
She is hilarious. I like her in Parks and Recreation
few of Amy Poehler. What else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls starred Demi Moore. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I am not. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers do you like?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It is a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in the Wackness, which is a comedy.
It was released in 2014.
No problem
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 3. He also directed Colombiana.
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2. He's a great actor
Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach Mike McCarthy seems very effective. They're not doing a good job, though.
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated if it's possible.
Agreed!
Sure. If you like Iron Man you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What about that one?
I do, he starred in the show O.C
If you like her in The O.C., you might also like The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
George Clooney is probably the most well-known writer of that film. He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The O.C.
Great. Enjoy!
Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz who writes a lot of books. Do you like speculative fiction?
It was written by Dorian Gray. It's part of a series.
Tuck Everlasting is a good one. It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
She has alot of Talent but is aggressive
Do you like pop music?
Have you heard of Red River Blue?
Of course! Something Borrowed has genres romance and drama which was released in 1997.
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that  1.  1 is written by Emily Griffin.
Definitely! Emily Griffin also wrote X-Men: First Class. Have you read that?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance film Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Jodi Picoult.
Yes he did and he was in Knocked Up too. Have you seen that one?
He directed and produced This Is 40. That's a great movie.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Roscoe Lee Browne and is a comedy-drama
I don't know of any films he wrote, but he did write Year One.
Sure, enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
At The Disco is a good one .
Yes, he is great as well! Are you a fan of his?
That's a great song by Ryan Ross. Did you know he was born in Austin?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I like Ben Stiller too. He also wrote Shutter Island starring Paul Mazursky.
It is a Romantic Comedy with a bit of Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both are considered children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about it
I would call it a drama
Your welcome
Would you like to hear about other Drama movies like Oldboy?
Ok, I'd recommend that one as well. It's a mystery/thriller.
It stars Rene Russo and Kevin Corrigan.
She was also in the X-Men series.
Enjoy!
Hello, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen it?
He specializes in thrillers and psychological thrillers. He wrote The Ice Storm which is also a popular film.
Sure, Woody Allen starred in The Sorcerer's Stone and To Kill a Mockingbird.
I don't know about Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I can find it for you.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park was written by Michael Clayton. Its considered a thriller.
Sequal is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Jurassic World was directed by Peter Buchman.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United, and is also a musician.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. I have The Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You might like The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I don't see any books by J.R.R. Tolkien, but I think you might like The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Well, I can recommend My Soul to Take, which stars Emily Meade and Frank Grillo.
Yes! He also starred in Wrath of the Titans, and Unbreakable.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Then you might like Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen those?
I think you'll enjoy the original X-Men movie.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is American and was born in Lushan, United States.
Sure. She has written Acks Ackling and also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure. The Little Prince is a Historical period drama and is a fantasy.
Sure. You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yes. I liked it. I also liked Meryl Streep.
That's right. He was in that as well. He was a genius in his movies.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Roderick Thorp also wrote Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. Have you heard of it?
Argo and Grabbers are both great Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen them?
Bats was written by John Green and stars Harrison Ford. It's a Thriller/Action movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. It's an excellent choice.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She did, and she also starred in I, Robot, which is a sci-fi movie.
Certainly! Enjoy them!
I sure can! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Have you seen either of those?
Repo Men is written by Tom Hanks and he also directed Unleashed.
He also wrote Serena Williams, which is a drama.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
The End is a fantasy novel and co-written by Lauren Oliver. Are you a fan of fantasy novels?
Its a personal favorite of mine, the End is a Crime Fiction and he is also a teacher.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin.
I have. It is a great drama, with a great cast. You should check it out!
I'll send you a link. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'd recommend The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are dramas.
It's a great film. It stars Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
Do you mean Football? I'm not a big football fan.
Yes, it's a good one. I like The Scarlett Johansson and Will & Grace.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote a lot of books like The End of the Affair, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, The Passion of the Christ. Would you like to know more?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in the NFL. Who's your favorite team? I'm not sure.
They are in the AFC West division. Is that your favorite team?
Sure, Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
Yes, it was released in 2008, I believe The Lady Elizabeth was written by Jennifer Echols.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I think he's one of the best songwriters. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like independent music. I think you might like The Weeknd.
I think you would like One by Two, or One by Two, from that author.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard for the Boston Red Sox.
I wouldn't know of any games coming up with them, but I do know they are part of the NBA.
Taming of the Light , if you haven't win yet.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Batman Begins and Man of Steel.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
It is actually similar to оскрестуление и накаание.
Yes, for example, рестуление и накаание is similar to диот.
No problem! Enjoy.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
If you're into children's literature, I would recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's part of a series.
I think you might enjoy The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Do you like the fantasy genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a soccer player from Germany. His position is midfielder and defender.
Yes, you are correct! He is also a part of the Mumbai Indians.
It's a good movie! It was written by Leo Tolstoy. Are you familiar with him?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
I would also recommend 'The Assassin's Blade'.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's right. It has Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, it is considered a historical period drama.
It came out in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Are you a fan of romance novels?
You might enjoy Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
It is considered a romance and is in the fantasy genre.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I would recommend Serena Williams which is great as well as Venus.
I like Stefi Graff. Did you know he and Martina Navo were in the London Olympics?
Yes, I actually believe she is the best female player of all time.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
I believe so. Do you know if that's true? I can't wait to hear of anything else.
That's amazing! I hope I have been helpful today.
Do you like Sylvia Day because she is a writer or actress?
Reflected in You is a Romance and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote Under the Never Sky and Reflected in You.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale is a dystopian fiction novel. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Margaret Atwood, and is considered a classic.
I know a little bit about him. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you heard of them?
The move Carlos is starring Brave New World and Martha Higareda.
It's a very good movie, released in 2015.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more about those?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Name of the Wind, The Big Year, and The Hear Goes to name a few.
Yes, it was released in 2014 and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. Have you read it?
If you like Fantasy you may like The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is also a film and is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland and Finding Neverland. Are you interested in either of those?
Machine Gun Preacher is a fantasy and Finding Neverland is Fiction.
Nicolas Cage is the star of Neverland.
It was released in 1994 and is in the drama genre.
Sure. Enjoy
You are welcome
I know he wrote a Speperate Peace great book
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction, Novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great read.
She is a great author. She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Cool! I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it is an action film?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he's pretty good. He's a very good actor.
You're welcome. He's also an athlete.
Well, the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It's a great fantasy movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. Mindy Kaling wrote The Office of the World. It's an adventure film. Do you like that genre?
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling. Do you like those?
Yes, The genre is comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina is a translator for Leo Tolstoy. The book was released in 1877 in English.
Sure, I can do that for you.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. It is a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
I'm sorry, there is no other information for Red Riding Hood.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
He played on the England National Football team. You might know him from other than he plays the forward position.
Yes he is a top rated player.
Yes. He's a good actress. Have you seen X-Men: First Class? He also starred in it.
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. He has also starred in a few films such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Hunted.
Cool. I like Colin Firth as well. Have you seen his Crime Fiction Film, Tristan & Isolde?
Great! Enjoy.
Yes. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she is an author?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2013. It's considered a science fiction novel. It's part of a series.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He is a very good actor.
It sure is. Johnny Depp also stars in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
You might want to try The Rum Diary if you have heard of it. It's one of my favorites of mine.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You should check out The Rum Diary. I think you'll enjoy it.
yes i have heard of them. coached Ryan Giggs
I don't know. Can you tell me who is currently playing for them?
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. That is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
You might like Grindhouse, which is a thriller. It's very good.
I'm not sure, but it's a teen drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
Richelle Mead wrote The Simpsons movie. Do you like animations?
Yes, that is correct. He has a lot of TV shows, however, The Simpsons Movie is based on a series so far.
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really. I feel like it should be a good sport.
He is an author and plays cricket. I think you'd like it.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd, do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
Great, Another great thriller is Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Yes it is a great Sci-Fi novel
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
I've read it. If you Reach Me is a young adult fiction you might enjoy it.
No problem! Nicola Kraus wrote the Nanny Diaries.
I definitely recommend Zoolander. It is very funny.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, do you like her books or just series?
I am not sure about him if he acted in a TV show. He was also in the Olympics.
I'm sorry, I do not have a TV episode.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure! You may also like Zombieland, which is a great comedy. It's also a great movie.
It starred Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
He also did Step Brothers. It is a horror movie. Do you like that genre?
Emma Thompson starred in The Dirty Dozen. Would you like to know anything else about it?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Have you seen it?
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that's a great movie. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she is one of the best female athletes of our time. Her sister Serena is very talented
Serena is definitely the best of her generation. Would you like me to like Serena better?
Wow, I didn't know that.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. I do know that he is from Bogota.
I don't think so. I do know that he is a captain.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
If you like the work of John Hughes, I would recommend Sixteen Candles and The Breakfast Club. Have you seen either of these?
Sure, there is Dorian Gray by John Hughes and it is starring Tom Hanks. You might like it as well.
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You are welcome
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
I don't know much about his music but I do know he is married to Jordin Sparks. He's a great singer
I agree. I think Selena Gomez is a very talented man.
Would you like another movie by Stephen King written by him?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
I sure do! It's part of a series written by Tim Burton. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
It is a young adult fiction.
Yes. Are you a fan of Ursula K. Le Guin? She wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a great actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
It's considered a thriller and action film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Great, it's a drama and crime movie. Do you like those?
You're welcome.
Yes, it's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
I cannot, but I know he is from the Mumbai Indians team.
Yes, he does.
Yes.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
It was released in 1886 and is part of a series.
Yes, you're right. It is the band name of Jim Morrison.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Have you heard of Atonement? It was also made into a film.
The Quiet American is a Mystery/Thriller and was released in 2003.
Without Remorse is considered a thriller and drama. It is also considered a thriller.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
The genre is fiction
Matt Damon starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Gurihiru is a similar movie.
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it and I know it's a romance movie. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
She's a great singer. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Definitely! I haven't seen it yet, but I do know that it's very recent. It was released in 2015.
Yes, The Client is written by John Grisham and is a Romance film.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both Thrillers.
Great, enjoy the book!
He is a football player. Are you a football fan?
I don't have that information but I know he is a forward and a midfielder
I enjoy watching college football and baseball. What about you?
Who is your favorite team?
Yes the Packer is a great sport and also is a football movie.
I am not that familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
Wow, I am more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I agree. They are a good team.
Do you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a Mystery or because it is a crime fiction?
It is a mystery, similar to The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
He wrote a book called The Fortunes and Paper Towns. Have you read either of those?
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she was the singer. Did you know she was also a model?
Yes she did! That was one of her best shows.
Oh yea that's awesome! I loved her in The Voice. Have you seen that one?
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Cider House Rules. It is a romantic comedy
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Ulrich Thomsen.
Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It's a historical novel that was released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read it?
If you like Malcolm Bowie, I recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Sure, it is a romance novel released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, I can tell you it is a romance novel.
If you like fiction you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome! Enjoy them!
Yeah, I do. Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote the book called The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
It is actually a Children's book. He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
It was released in 2008.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Water for Elephants.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 2004.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre. He also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
No, I am not very familiar with Jane Eyre Affair. Would you like to know anything else?
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's literature and I am not sure about that.
He is also an author, she is a scientist.
I believe he is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
Yes. Do you know who the Lakers are coached by?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of this one?
I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, and several others. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
Definitely, she also wrote The Assassin and the Desert and The Assassin and the Desert.
Great, hope you enjoy!
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime/action film. It is a great film.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this actor or genre?
I recommend X men a X-Men dramas or Winter's Bone
No problem have you watch any other dramas?
This is the End was produced by Evan Goldberg. Evan Goldberg also wrote Pineapple Express. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
Are you into Psychological Thrillers or Comedy?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in Whatever It Takes.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war movie or because it is a war book?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It's a romance novel that was released in 2016.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
He played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you see that one?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like shows?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure! He also starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
That's the only information I have on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. It is a Science Fiction film. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, it's a great movie. He was also in the movie A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
She's a great actress. She also starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Campaign.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like thrillers?
He has also done Grindhouse. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Sure, Johnny Depp starred in The Kite Runner. The Rum Diary is written by J.K. Simmons. It's a romantic comedy
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Connell. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson does starred in The Help and Get on Up! It's a romantic comedy film.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Sure, no problem!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception.
Star Wars is a great one! It is written by George Lucas. He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen either of those?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. Are you a George Lucas fan?
Yes, it is considered a Drama.
I sure can, Do you like Fiction? You might want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She also wrote Circling the Sun that was released in 2011. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it looks like it was released in the year 2015
It's not new, but it was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do either of those sound interesting?
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
I really like Red Dawn. That's a great film if you haven't seen it already.
He also wrote X-Men 2. That is a great movie, too.
OK. I will add that to your list.
I do, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather.
Yes he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
He wrote Unleashed, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
Yes it is! You should try it if you like romance novels, it's a great read.
Of course! I think you'll enjoy the book!
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes. She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace and Fantasy?
Yes, she is a children's author. She wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Sure, it was a children's book written by William Nicholson. Other books in this genre are; The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and is from the speculative fiction genre.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know a lot about football.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I've never been to a football game before. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Tales of Beedle the Bard is a good one as is White House Down.
Sure! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Lost Hero is listed as Young-adult fiction
Yes,The Titan's Curse is another young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Stephen Fry and Zoey Deutch also starred in Monsters University. It's a great movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written a few books including The Half-Blood Prince and The Titan's Curse. Have you read either?
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yes, I think I love his song Hero, it came out a while ago. Do you?
I am more of a classic rock person.
I love his music! I think you would like them all too!
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about these?
No problem! I'm glad to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Sure, Walk the Line is written by Rebecca Skloot and it's a Speculative fiction.
Sure, it's written by Richard Condon and was released in 2004.
She's a great singer. I love her music. Have you heard it?
As long as Taylor Swift, I agree with you. I liked her in The Lorax, how about you?
I don't really know of any other songs by her. Is she a good artist?
Sure, she is a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Devil's Advocate.
White Squall is a drama and a comedy. One of the actors is Jeff Bridges. Do you like his movies?
Are you looking for similar science fiction films?
If you are looking for something like that, you should check out The Secret Life of Bees. It is written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome!
Of course! Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 2001 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
I don't know, but I do know he is an author of many books. He wrote Notes from a Small Island and Midnight.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, He also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I like horror movies, I think you'd like The Day After Tomorrow and The Legend of Tarzan.
Sure, It is a fantasy, starring Johnny Depp and was released in 2006. Is that something you'd like to see?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone did star in Redbelt.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
These books are Young-adult fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
It's next in the series is The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments trilogy. Have you read them?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
It stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's cool! What do you think of Ma Long?
I like a lot of swimmers, but I'm not a huge fan of swimmers, too.
Me too!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is good.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Skulls is a drama produced by John Pogue.
You're welcome.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its sports
Yes, he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure. I don't follow cricket too closely.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones is in that movie. It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Its a good movie. Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama film starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
It was written by Frank Darabont.
Glad I could help!
I think they are a great team but I don't really follow basketball. Who's your favorite player?
Did you know he won the NBA All Star Team?
Oh I see. I don't know much about Anthony Davis though. He sure is a great player though.
Jane Eyre is a book about Socila Criticism. Hard Times by Charles Dickens in 1962. Have you read this one yet?
I am not sure , but Jane Eyre is considered a Romance novel.
Xenocide is a romance novel by him as well
Are you referring to Russel Westbrook, a point guard?
I enjoy watching college baseball. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, I did know that.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It is postmodern literature, fable and also children's lit.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It's a fictional novel by James Frey. Do you like his books?
Yes, he directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews is a great writer. He wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. 1600 was the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but I do know that Shakespear wrote a great book called The Winter's Tale.
Sure. I added that as well.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and forward position.
Yes, he is. He's a Midfielder and won the Bravo Award. Do you like soccer?
Not really but I do know a lot about soccer. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you follow any sports?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No, I didn't know that. What other music do you like?
Yes, she is very talented. She also has a hand in the films as well, I think.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was also in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It is written by Louis Sachar. Have you seen it?
It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he starred in The Chicken Diary and The Nightingale. Have you seen either of those?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Kate Beckinsale.
I also have the movie Winnie the Pooh and White Fang. Both are very good films.
i'm sorry but i don't have any information on what else he has starred in
You're welcome
I think they're a football team. Aren't they part of NFC south? I don't follow football
I do. I'm a huge football fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
I like football. I'm a fan of Drew Brees. What about you?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a popular one.
Yes, I bet you do like some rock music. Shadows of the Day is also a popular one.
Yes, I do. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
They have a good record. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but I think the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Do you like books by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
Yes if you like Crime and Drama novels you may enjoy Water for Elephants or The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it is a very funny movie. Did you know Garfield also starred in The Social Network?
Garfield also stars in the X-Men series, Have you seen this?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I am a big fan of basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. But I do like American Football. What's your favorite sport?
I had no idea. In that case, I thought it was a hilarious movie. Who was in that?
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits, and The Book of Eli. She was in those as well!
Ted starred Sylvester Stallone with her. Would you like to know more?
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know. I think it was 1994.
Yes I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean because is an adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
He was. I'm not sure about that. Is that a thriller film, right?
If you like thrillers, you should love Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he starred in Wolverine, the Origins is a science fiction film and also X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Do you like sci-fi?
Do you mean who is the star in Waiting?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Matt Damon?
Sure, he has starred in Good Will Hunting and The People Speak. Have you seen those?
He's great! He was in Green Zone, which is also a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director was Leo Tolstoy.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend another great movie starring Mel Brooks that you might like.
Great! I also recommend the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
In the movie The King Kong is a horror film. If you like horror films I recommend The Incredibles.
Well, it is classified as a drama and a psychological thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
You might enjoy X-Men or World War Z.
I think it's pretty good, but it's classified as Sci-Fi and Fantasy. I think you might like it.
They are a team in the NFL. They're a good team.
They are a pretty good team. Who's your favorite Cowboys player?
Are you a fan of a specific team? I do not know much about the Texans owner or their coach name?
This is the end, Express,The Interview
This is the End starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
Snow White, it is one of my favorite movies.
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Jed Brophy. It is a fantasy, adventure film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is like The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and X-Men
Great!
Anything else I can help you with?
The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like Thrillers, I would recommend The Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Science Fiction. I am not sure of the director, but I know it is a Thriller.
Sure, here it is.
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
I don't know much about Fabrio Capello, other than he is from Italy.
I like basketball and baseball. My favorite team is the New England Patriots.
It's an incredibly animated movie. He also starred in Tombstone and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen them?
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and they are a great country music. If you like their music I think you should give them a try.
I'm not sure, but I believe they did start in Seoul in South Korea. They have a great cast of actors like Seth Meyers, Ethan Hawke and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in it. It was directed by Jason Flemyng.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Great! If you like non-fiction, I can recommend The Power of Forgiveness.
Well, Hellboy is a Thriller, so if you like Thrillers you'll like Grindhouse.
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. He was also in a great movie.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he is a famous author who wrote both The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
I don't see that but I know he is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in children's literature, but is also a drama. He also starred in it.
Hugh Jackman starred in it. He was also in Jumanji.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, if you like dramas I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Face on the Milk Carton.
Yes. He has list of good movies such as SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you seen this?
Yes, Steven D. Dubner is the author of Freakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
I have not, but I know he is from the United States of America.
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on that.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you heard of either of those?
Yes science fiction. Are you into that genre?
Yes, I love Ben Feldman too! He is such a great actor.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a drama and a comedy starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Sure I have a lot of great songs, I can tell you that the 18th-Crime genre is my favorite comedy
She wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters vs. Aliens.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 based on Greek Mythology. Would you like to know more?
It came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
Enjoy!
I do, he's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I didn't know that! That's where he was born. Isn't he a point guard?
No, I haven't. Do you like basketball? My favorite team is the Lakers.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
Grint is written by E.B. White and it is a thriller.
He is in a lot of movies like Horton Hears a Who! and Death Proof. They were both really good.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also directed Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, he also has starred in Step Brothers, The House of Mirth and Lolita.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Sure, Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Green Mile.
Sure, Sam LaMarr and Nat Faxon both starred in it. It is a crime fiction film. Do you like those genres?
Actually, Zero Dark Thirty is a Romantic Comedy, do you like this genre?
You are welcome, let me know if you need anything else.
The Nets are a football team, I believe, and their coach is Jason Kidd.
Me too! Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie starring Glenn Morshower and Kevin Dunn. Are you like Sci-Fi movies?
He is a great actor. Did you know he was also in the adventure movie Witches Abroad?
It is a action movie and is a comedy. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel written by Jeffrey Eugenides.
Yes, that is correct! Though I don't know a novel in that genre, I think you'd enjoy it.
Great, you are very welcome!
I believe she is a tennis player. I don't watch it much but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
Not really. But I believe Serena Williams is a tennis player from India.
Yes, she will be very successful in that movie!
Sure, He starred in Looking for Richard.
These movies are crime and drama.
Sure, He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen it?
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Yes, it is written by Ira Levin and is a satire.
She also wrote Cats and Dogs, and Other Stories.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, song writer and dancer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
It was released in 2010 and is a classic.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do, he starred in a few good movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen those?
I agree. Then you would definitely enjoy The Truman Show. It is a crime fiction movie. Have you seen it?
No, Zero Dark Thirty is written by Mark Boal, I know you will love it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Teri Garr.
Sure. How about Toy Story? It's also a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added. Is there anything else I can do to help?
Enjoy.
He is an actor that plays for the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Roman Coppola.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Sure, Boyhood was written by Ann Patchett and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Leo Tolstoy and is a Romance Film.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was involved with his work as well. If you like his work, you might enjoy A Walk to Remember.
Anything else I can help with?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes, she is a great writer. I would also recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She also wrote that one as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and Malese Jow and is a biographical film.
Sure, Tom Everett and Steve Buscemi also starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in How to Train Your Dragon which is a great movie
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Seabiscuit is a great read. It's a fantasy book. You might like it.
Ah, yes that's a great one. Did you know he's from London?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an adventure film.
It is a adventure film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1981.
She's great, isn't she? Another TV series she starred in is You Only Live Twice. Have you seen that one?
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction Drama/Thriller.
The Two Towers is similar to the Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Liam Neeson.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
inception starred Keanu Reeves, Thomas Lennon, Michael Gaston, Laurence Fishburne...
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy book written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's part of a series. Have you read it?
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door. Have you heard of it?
Yes. It was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare and the Giver are examples.
I'm not sure. He's also part of the series Under the Never Sky and Xenocide.
You're welcome.
That actor was born in Mumbai and starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you a fan of Indie films like that one?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama.
In 2012. It's a romance. Do you like romances?
No problem. Hope you enjoy.
Sure, Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Sure, he also starred in the Year of the Flood.
The genre is fiction
The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen
It is directed by Chris Rock
Did you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is a Speculative fiction book. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is Speculative Fiction and Science Fiction. Should I add it to your list?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to read it?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
Great! I recommend The Ship of Brides, if you liked it.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
If you like Paper Towns, you might also like Looking for Alaska.
I'm not sure about that. Can I help you with anything else?
I can't find any information on that one, but if you like young-adult fiction, I can recommend Zoe's Tale.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby and The Beautiful and Damned.
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Black Hat is a horror movie starring Tim Miller.
Black Hat is a horror movie , he also directed Serena Williams which is another great movie
Sure, hope you enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2009 American-American film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the movie but I do know that it is in English.
Have you seen The Golden Compass or Arabian Nights with Liam Neeson?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline".
That is correct! Have you seen it?
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote the Vampire Chronicles which is a series of Tampire Chronicles
Yes, I like him, so I like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't seen it actually but I heard it's an interesting story.
I do. There's also the tv show The Godfather Part II that he produced.
You seem to have heard of Robert Duvall, right?
Sean Penn is the author of Into the Wild.
Yes, it was Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. You might like it.
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in You Can't Take It with You?
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech
Sure, you can try The Invisible Man or The Book Of Mormon.
Okay!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Marry You.
I haven't heard of her, but if I'm honest. Isn't she an actress too?
I'm more of a rock fan myself. I prefer rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
I sure do! I think you'll really enjoy it!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
I think so. Do you know anything about them?
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like Fiction?
Richelle Mead is the author.
Enjoy the book!
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction and was released in 1997
I'm not sure about that but I do know it starred Robert Downey Jr.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into that genre?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre
its a good question, I can make a little more information on the movie.
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Sure, a few books by her are The Invisible Man and The Island of Dracula.
Well, she wrote The Invisible Man. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller, but also a great movie.
You're welcome. He's also in many fantasy movies.
They're a great team. Didn't they win the Superbowl for last season?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Well, from what I've heard, he also owns the San Francisco 49ers. Have you ever heard of that one?
Yes. He starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more of his movies?
Well, you might also like Corpse Bride. It's a classic!
It came out in 1994 and is considered a Drama/Biography.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's about a wrongly convicted man who's on deathrow. It's about a mysterious and post-apocalyptic woman.
I do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama and The Good Earth.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was influenced by Jane Austen
I definitely recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you a fan of the tennis athlete, Serena Williams?
Yes. She has also won the 2008 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament
I don't know much about basketball either. What is the name of the sport?
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was a great year for writers of children's literature. Two of my favorite books released that year were; Unaccustomed Earth, The Things We Do For Love, and The Invisible Man.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2 and starred Hugh Jackman
I know it was released in 2014
Absolutely, Enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another good romantic comedy
Steve Carell starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a Romantic Comedy.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and Cycle of the Werewolf.
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. I think you would enjoy it
I'm not sure about that but I know he also starred in a Romance film called The Passage
Yes, do you like the movie or the actors?
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Well, unfortunately, I don't have any more information on those movies.
Enjoy!
Okay, no problem!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets' series. Film Executive Produced: J.K. Rowling's series. Part of series: Part of series: Part of series: Part of series: Part of series: Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K.It's
Yes, it has a genre of Mystery and Fiction.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a mystery and was released in 2016.
I do! They're my favorite football team. I love their coach Pete Carroll.
It's about the Seahawks going to be in the NFC South division. Have you heard of them?
Do you know anything about The Seahawks ?I don't know much about their stadium
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Some of his other books are Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction novel written by Melissa Marr.
I think he is a great tennis player. Is he your favorite player?
That's number 2 in the WTA singles. Who is your favorite tennis player?
I agree. I like Federer as well.
Definitely, she wrote a great book called The Assassin and the Desert.
J.K Rowlings wrote those books. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, what Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
They're a great team. Is there anything you'd like to know?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season. They are 4th in their division right now.
many teams to choose from! I just think it's impossible to keep up with them every time.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth.
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
The Hiding Place is Non-Fiction and Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok. Have you seen any other Martial Arts movies?
Great! Have a good day!
Yes, Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joel David Moore are a few.
I don't think so, but Channing Tatum was also in White House Down.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Definitely! Sean Penn wrote and directed it, and it is a biographical movie.
Okay, I can add it to your queue.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is in the genre of Thriller.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a Sci-Fi drama
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
Zombieland starred Mike White, Emma Stone, and Derek Graf.
I don't know when he was released, but I do know he's in a relationship with Cameron Diaz
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Oh yes, I like fiction books, like The Secret Life of Bees and The Red House. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read another one of these?
I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Wolf Brother.
The classic book is written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, or The Man in the High Castle, both are great fiction novels.
It is a romance and written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this?
Groundhog Day was written by Bill Murray and stars Matt Damon, Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Sheen is a big name, have you seen it?
Yes he was in Ghostbusters. Do you like movies he was in?
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. You want movies with Ryan Reynolds starring in it?
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia or X-Men 2.
Yes. It is very similar to X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure if she was in that movie, but she was in it too.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Micmacs is a thriller. Are you into that genre?
I do not know when he was released, but I do know he is a comedian.
Your welcome.
Might I suggest The Ocean at the End of the Lane because it is written by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you interested in his work?
OK, enjoy the book!
I like it as well. Did you know that it was written by Joel Coen?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Anything else I can help you with?
Directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie?
It is an adventure film starring Brad Pitt. It is a comedy.
It sure is. You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
You are welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure! Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Bride and The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
You are welcome.
Great! He's a great author. He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was not the original writer. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror that are similar.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about that?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would recommend Worth Dying For.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel for The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It's the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Kyla Pratt.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I do. Is there anything you'd like to know?
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
He's great! You might also enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded.
Matthew McConaughey stars in John Wick, and he also starred in Tune in Tomorrow.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Not really. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. Are you a fan?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Oh, then you should. She is on the bucket list of stuff like Teenage Dream and Pink Friday.
Sorry, are you referring to Lana Wachowski who starred in Keanu Reeves?
Okay, then you will like X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. They are both Romance films.
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Olympus Has Fallen is a good one
You may enjoy the Vampire Academy series - Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
It was released in 2011, which is also a Young-adult fiction. You might enjoy the book The Golden Lily.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did! He also wrote Spirited and Shadow Kiss
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
The Lego Movie starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. Do you like their movies?
Some similar movies are Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Zoolander 2. You might enjoy that one as well.
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted has genre Comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You may have heard of The Secret Life of Bree Tanner. She was born in New York.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read them?
I believe there are all written in English, like The Modern Prometheus.
He wrote My Soul to Take and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel. Is that something you'd like?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. They have a coach named John Fox currently, aren't they?
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team in the Cowboys. Did you know they are part of the National Football League?
Do you have a favorite sports team?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2. They are both great movies.
Yes, there are a few more stars in Toy Story 3 and Tom Hanks
I think it's more of a historical period drama!
Of course! Let me know if you need more recommendations.
Blake Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Are you a fan?
I understand. I don't follow basketball either. I guess if I'm more of a baseball fan.
I like basketball and baseball. What's your favorite sport?
Sure, it was the first of the series and the next is The Running Man. Have you heard of them?
William Sanderson starred in All the Real Girls. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
I would also recommend X-Men: The Last Stand.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Me too! He starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen either of those?
Of course! He was in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Thin Red Line."
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart also starred in Gideon's Daughter which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen that?
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a psychological thriller and crime fiction.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. Would you like something similar by him?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie like that
You're welcome
Yes, she has an amazing voice. She's also an actress who has been in such films as X-Men: First Class and Love.
I think I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite song from her?
I like her too. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Sure. He wrote The Three Musketeers and The Last Hero.
It's a paranormal romance and was released in 2012. Want to know more?
Yes. You may be interested in the book. I'm not sure of the translation.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction. Have you read it?
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
You're welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
It is a drama/crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a good one. Do you like dramas?
It is starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Kristen Stewart
You are welcome
No, I have not. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Snatch is also a good Drama movie
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
Sure
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's considered a Romance and Fiction. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's like Wicked Lovely which is also a romance novel.
Glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. What else can I do for you?
I'm not sure about that one. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a Romance. Do you like romance novels?
Shopaholic and Baby is my favorite!
Sure. She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
Yes A Tree Grows In Brooklyn was written by her. It was released in 1943.
Sure I believe it was released in 1943
No it was released in English
I love football. I think he is the best player in Belgium.
Great. What team does he play for?
Oh, the Mets! My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What is yours?
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in Zodiac a crime fiction film
Yes, I have seen it, I really liked it. I recommend it for you.
Yes, David Fincher directed Seabiscuit, which is a great film.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 1994
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride and Memento.
He wrote a sci fi book called the Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
No problem.
Sarah Dressen has written a few books including The Assassin and the Desert and the Underworld. Would you like to know more?
I would recommend What Happened to Goodbye if you haven't already seen it already.
No problem, enjoy!
Stan Lee is the main actor in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes he is. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes he did! You are correct! Rashida Jones is an amazing actor.
You are welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote Things Fall Apart.
If you like fiction you may like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I have not seen it. It is starring Robert De Niro, who is also in it.
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Its a great comedy.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Comedy
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres fiction and drama. Do you like those genres?
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
It starred Keanu Reeves.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
Yes, I like Echoes of Silence. Is that the song your talking about?
It looks like they had a lot of great hits, would you like me to hear it?
I do! It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! Some of his most popular thrillers include Xenocide and The Pelican Brief. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure of the year it was released. Also the same year The Brethren was released!
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also considered a thriller and a drama.
Yes. It is written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are some of his works. Have you read them?
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket that was released in 1960. I also think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier songs with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Do you have a favorite song of him?
Yes. I like the X Factor because it is a comedy.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet. It's in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby. Do you like him?
Yes he starred inbobbyes
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is a science fiction movie.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobby. That is a good one.
Bobby Hopkins also starred in The Scarlet Letter
Me too! He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. Are you a fan of horror?
Yes, that's right, and it's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
That's a great film. Some of his influences include Richard Condon, Michael McKean, Jane Austen and Peter Hyams.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
She is a comedy-romance and was released in 2004.
Ok, I'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, she's also in the X-Men movies, which are great!
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
I am not much of a football fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I think Bud Adams was a wide receiver for the team.
I agree, I do like his work. Did you know he was influenced by Sean Penn?
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Yes, he did. Do you like movies starring Valerie Tian?
Of course, some more Indie films are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
No I didn't know that. I think he's also a composer and a musician.
Wayman : Place of birth: Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan is a good one do you like him?
that's great! What's your favorite basketball player?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
i also like him. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Friends with Benefits?
I totally agree, he's one of the best songwriters of all time.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on The Fellowship of the Ring.
I know that Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Three Musketeers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Okay. The Titan's Curse is a great series. Other books in this genre include The Son of Sobek and Percy Jackson.
Well, The Lost Hero is a good one. It's written by James Patterson.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed and produced The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animations?
You might like Then Came Love then. It's also Animation.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, Wicked was also a play. The next in the series is White Hot Kiss.
I don't think so, but you might enjoy her books. She specializes in novels such as Wicked and White Hot Kiss.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. She wrote Apocalypto. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like historical movies?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote number9dream, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet, and The Bone Clocks. Have you read any of those?
Unfortunately, I don't have much information on it but I do know it was written in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I do know it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with Stephen King?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
He also directed Superman which is a really good movie. You should check it out.
I hope you enjoy.
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
Yes. It's written by Tom Clancy. I think you would like it.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
In addition to Elysium, I can recommend this movie for you. It's Science Fiction/Drama is good.
He's great. I like him in The Green Mile if you like him.
Yes, have you seen Gravity?
I hope you enjoy them!
I believe his last album was released in 2016. Do you like it?
Yes, I am a huge fan of Selena Gomez. It was on the radio for a while.
I like him too. I'm also a huge fan of his.
Not really a fan of alternative rock, but I do like several other alternative rock artists.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Its a fiction book
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Salto.
I believe so.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Rock, and Robin Williams. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Enjoy!
I like a lot of his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Yes! It was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia is a romantic novel released in 1998.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Suspense movie. Do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama/mystery starring Matt Damon.
I know he starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you read it?
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books include Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
It was released in 1974, and it is actually part of a series.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy!
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released that year.
You bet! I hope you like it!
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
I'm sorry. I don't have any more information for suspense. But I can tell you it is written by William H. Macy, who also wrote The Last Battle.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Dick Hall. It is in the genre of War and Crime Fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
Help is a Romance film. Would you like recommendations for other movies in that genre?
Yup, he did. Have you seen it?
It's a romance film and comedy. It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like him, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, you are correct. Tom Hanks also stars in that movie.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Correct, she did. Kristen Stewart played a big role in that movie as well.
He also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Thin Red Line.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction novel written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about that?
Anytime! Enjoy!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Rosemary Wells?
Me too! The Muppets was a great movie. She was also in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Her Father.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Roger Rees, who is awesome!
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Smith starred in I, Robot. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. Michael Ealy was also in Battleship which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure! He wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
You might enjoy Lost in Translation by James L. Brooks. It's a drama
Yes Man is a great movie. Another example of a Romantic Comedy is Your Highness.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent. Its a great one!
Great! You should check out her work as well.
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with some crime and drama mixed in. It is in the fantasy genre for sure.
You are welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen is a screenwriter and author. He wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that one?
Yes. Other great examples of the genre are Z for Zachariah and The Island. Have you seen those?
That was a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, and Kristin Scott.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
Anytime!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
The Queen of Attolia is Science Fiction
I don't have any information about similar movie but there are other movies in the series such as Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
There are 3 books in this series, one is First Lady of the Rivers and another is The Return of the King
Yes, the director is J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Shelters of Stone?
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
That's a great book. You may also like The Clan of the Cave Bear.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi is in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He sure did. He also starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, and Part 2.
That is correct. Anything else I can help you with today?
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
No I don't. I am more of a baseball fan.
I do like tennis. I like Serena Williams better.
Wow, I didn't know that. What sports do you like?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too, and Bill Murray on Space Jam was a great basketball movie. Do you like him?
I think I heard of him. Isn't he a good director?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan
It is considered a Fantasy and Speculative Fiction.
You might like The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read this book? It is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
It was released in 1990. Have you read it?
He has written a few books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is really good. He also starred in the movie Disclosure with Demi Moore. Do you like that movie?
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton is not related to Crichton.
Sure. Robin Cook is a writer and film producer.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! If you like animated films, The Incredibles and Ratatouille are great!
Yes he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He might also like Ratatouille.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure about it, but I do know it was adapted into a film.
Sure, he also wrote the Last Unicorn
Have you heard You Need Me, I Don't Need You?
Yes, it was he made a mark in the song.
Yes, you should check out Better Luck Tomorrow
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. He's a great author!
He's a prolific writer. He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and many more. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Two Towers is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might also enjoy The Return of the King by James Patterson. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I love her as an author. She has a lot of books like There's Something About Mary.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a short story detective fiction novel written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like detective fiction novels?
Great! Did you want to know more about the book or adventure genre?
The genre is Mystery and Crime Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes, it is a short story.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
I am not sure if there were any other films filmed in Mexico. But I do know that they were both in New York City
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I like her fathers music. I heard he is good.
Yes, she's a great artist. I liked her in Elf!! Does she sound like one of my favorites?
Yes! He's a great director. He's written Liam Neeson, a wonderful animation. Have you seen it?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like movies directed by Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
The Crucible is considered a drama, as well as a comedy.
Yes, have you tried The Wiz? It is written by Christopher Bigsby
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Girl Next Door, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler, The Big Lebowski and Lady Gaga.
No, it is considered a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, of course! He is known for directing Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is a very successful film. Have you seen that one?
Anytime! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Shining and The Death and Life of Pi. Have you read either of these?
World Without End is similar. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
Yes he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Well, it is a good one. Stefan Kapicic also starred in Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
It is the lead character, and is a science fiction
Yes. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It sure is. It was released in 1929. Did you know that it was also made into a movie?
It's a great read. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-Fi/Action and was released in 2014. Do you like these genres?
If you like Interstellar, you might like Cloverfield. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Another Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Sean Connery and Xander Berkeley are the main actors, have you seen this one?
Cool! You might like The Sorcerer's Stone or The Manchurian Candidate.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop music. Do you like country music?
It's a pop music. Do you like this genre?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like The Prestige starring Emily Watson, it's a drama. It's a great movie.
Emily Watson starred in Zero Dark Thirty, which is a good film.
No problem, enjoy!
He is a writer, she wrote Somewhere and The Verdict
I am not sure but I do know that he is a scientist
Crime is crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The One
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt I would recommend
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may want to read Paper Towns.
Should I add Paper Towns to your list?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He actually did. He also directed Restless, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
Yep! That's a great movie. It also stars Liam Neeson.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's an author. He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He is also a director. He directed When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. It's an action film. Do you like that genre?
Flannery O'Connor starred in a lot of TV shows but I don't know of any other films he is in. He's a good writer though.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. They were released in 2014.
It's a fiction story. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
Thirteen Moons has a genre of Historical fiction. Would you like to know more about this?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote the prince and the guard.
You're welcome.
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I think it is called Safe and Sound. They're a little older. I haven't heard any of their songs.
Yes he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins . Do you like Thrillers?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and playwright.
I know he a good Athlete
Yes, he did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote Dagboekbrieven
You are welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is starring Nicholas Cage. He also starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar, written by Steven Spielberg?
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
I don't have any information on what Lies Beneath was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. They're coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
I do. I like to watch football. What is your favorite team?
I do like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Oh great, I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes thats true. Do you usually like movies starring Jason Statham?
Sure, I'll have to check that out
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance I think you would like it for you.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy your reading!
Sure, do you like comedy-drama movies?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower and he also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, it is starring Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about other movies starring Tom McCarthy?
You are welcome!
Sure! Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Do you like that movie?
Gravity was released in 1994. He also directed Gravity 2 which is a sci-fi.
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information. Sorry. I can tell you more about that.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are great Sci-Fi films.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the Oakland Raiders. Did you know that they were owned by businessman Mark Davis?
I didn't know that. Do you have a favorite football team ?
Yes, that's true. Do you like the Oakland because he's a legend!
It's written by Christopher Nolan and is starring Michael Caine and Marcia DeBonis.
It starred Roger Rees, Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Rebecca Hall starred in Crazy heart and WALL-E which is a horror film
No problem
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
It is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
I would recommend a follow up squeal called Closing Time. Would you like to hear about it?
You are welcome
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Marked and Redeemed among many others. Anything picks your interest?
It was released in 2008 and is in the romance genre. Another book you might enjoy is Xenocide.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
It is. Do you like short stories like White Teeth?
I will have to check that out.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen this one?
It was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She is a Heavyweight boxer and is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, and Denzel is talented too. He also produced and directed A Bug's Life.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes, I like the redskins. They are a great team. What is your favorite team?
Whoa! My favorite team is the Redskins. They have a very good season this year
Sure, that one was released in 1990 and is in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
There are so many Speculative fiction books, World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad.
He is on the Golden State Warriors.
I think he is 47 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well. Do you like thrillers?
Well, you might also like The Silence of the Lambs, also written by Ted Tally. It starred Matthew McConaughey and Anthony Heald.
Enjoy your movie!
The Transformers is a great action movie! Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and Kevin Dunn.
Sure, you might like Vampire Academy, another movie starring Shia Lebouf is in.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, I am a fan of Lebron James. What about you?
Yes, they were drafted by Larry Bird. He was in the 90s. He's a great player.
I don't know about Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes, it is a series
It is a romance novel by William Golding.
Great, enjoy!
You too!
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I agree, he's very good as well. One of my favorite golfers of all time. i think he's won the PGA Championship and a couple other times.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too!
They are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Me too! We are big NC State fans here. Hey, we aren't wels.
We are big Tennessee Titans fans here!
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963 in Spanish and is in English.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
No I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Are you into science fiction movies?
The Giver was written by Oprah Winfrey, who also starred in The Lorax.
I recommend the book Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
If you like fiction you may want to check out The Fault in Our Stars, or The Forest House.
No problem. Enjoy!
Truman Capote is a film director. He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Utterly Cold Blooded.
I have not. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, Nathan Greno directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
Well, Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Have you seen it?
Sure! World War Z is a great family movie. Have you seen that one?
You are right. Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 2. He is very famous as an actor.
Yes! He was, as well as Larry Crowne.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is starring Steven Spielberg and James Franco. Have you seen it?
If you like Sci-Fi you may like X-Men: The Last Stand.
This movie was released in 2006. Would you like to know more?
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also directed Jerry Bruckheimer. It's a romance film.
Sure. You might enjoy Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both are good Sci Fi movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure one is Scarlett Johansson and starred in The Godfather Part III. Have you seen that one?
Terry Pratchet directed The Scent of a Woman.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend other films he directed.
He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is an action film and also a thriller, so it might be an excellent choice!
Sure! Witless Protections is also a Crime film, so you might like it!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Many of them are classics, like The Weeknd, Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, and The Weeknd.
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. They are a couple of my favorite bands. What's yours?
I personally like their music. I think most of them are pretty catchy. What's your favorite song from Linkin Park?
They're pretty dynamic. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. What's your favorite?
Sure, he starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and WALL-E. Have you heard of them?
He was in The Incredibles with Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
He was in movies like How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and Stuck on You.
She's also been in Furry Vengeance and The Passenger.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. Have you heard of these?
Yes, I have it, would you like me to send it to you now?
Writings of Sylvia Plath, have you sent it?
I think he was the most popular song of his is Billie Jean. Have you heard it?
I'm not sure about that, but it's a comedy-drama. He also starred in Space Jam, have you seen it?
That's the one. The whale is written by John Lennon.
I sure can, Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't know who directed Zoolander. Sorry!
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe is considered a classic! It was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Unfortunatelly, I'll Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Oh you must give Il Principe a try! It was also written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I am sorry, I do not have that information. However, Marina was released the same year as The Phantom Menace, in 1967.
It is written in English. Enjoy!
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The novel is genre Drama, The Color Purple is Fiction
Yes, it is a musical theater movie
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
I do not have that information but there are other psychological thrillers that you might like ?
You are welcome :)
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Real Madrid is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
I like them too! They were runner up in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
Sure. Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it is a Romance or Drama?
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Romance Novels. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
It was released in 1979.
You're welcome!
He is a great actor. He starred in Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox and Law Abiding Citizen .
She's great. I like her in Princess Mononoke, which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
It was produced by Ron Howard and released in 2004. It is a science fiction film.
Of course. I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the genre or do you like action movies?
The Fight Club is a drama and a comedy directed by David Fincher.
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that Shark Night is also a comedy.
Brad Pitt is a famous actor. If you like his work I might suggest You Got Served, The Secret Life of Bees, and Snatch.
You're welcome.
It's a romance authored by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in What's Up, Tiger Lily. Have you seen it?
Yes! It is considered a Romantic film.
Is that the Cricket player?
You should watch Cricket sometimes. The most popular sport in the world is Basketball.
That's a interesting fact about that, too.
Yes, the Los Angeles Lakers are a great team. If you are a Lakers fan, I would say Coach & O'Brian is an awesome team.
Mike Brown is a good coach. I think he is a good  coach
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote the Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, Holes is a great book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
I know he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All Star Team in 2012
They are all basketball movies. A good one to check out is The NBA Most Valuables.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes, Vulgar is a horror film with a bit of drama and comedy mixed in. It has a bit of mystery as well.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2018 thriller film written and directed by David Fincher. Its a good one.
Sure, he also directed and starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and Sense and Sensibility. Both are good movies.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it.
I have heard of it. I think it is a German football club
I actually don't like soccer. Who is your favorite player?
I know it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure. I think you would like The Pillars of the Earth, The First Rule, or The Pillars of the Earth.
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
I don't know if he wrote any fiction novels but he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
I am not sure about the novel. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Great, enjoy the novel!
It is a children's literature.
I hope you enjoy them.
Thank you.
I know he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
OMG, I love their team! I wish I had a good day. Do you like football?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great quarterback though. He's a Stephen Gostkowski. Do you like his work?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yes, I was thinking it was a good fight. I also like Billy Boyd.
Oh I did know that. I did not know that.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein.
The genre is science fiction
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you seen that?
For romances, I think you will like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's in the Romance category.
Sure. It stars Steve Buscemi and Rip Torn. It's an adventure film.
Great! Anything else I can assist you with?
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Andrew Garfield. Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Superbad.
Sure. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
Another great Self Help book is How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote Principle Centered Leadership if that helps.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is in the genre of sci-fi. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Would you like to know more about the movie?
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, I do. He is from Brazil.
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he is from Brazil.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and stars Emma Stone. Would you like to know other movies starring Emma Stone?
You're welcome!
Chris Rock is a great director. Do you like this movie because it is a comedy?
How about X-Men? That's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great. I'll add them to your list.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, but I heard it was a good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2003!
I'm not sure about that, but I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she's friends with Clay Aiken?
I like Stronger. Do you know if she is in a relationship with Kelly Clarkson?
I'm not sure. She has an amazing voice. I know she is very talented. She is a very talented singer.
I don't usually listen to that type of music. I would always enjoy listening to it.
If you like City of Fallen Angels, City of Bones is a good one.
City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this?
Sure, The Mortal Instruments is part of the series The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
No problem! Enjoy.
Sure! Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It is an adventure film
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in the other Boleyn Girl.
It is a Drama film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar movies to The Other Boleyn Girl.
I am sorry, I do not have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel that was released in 2003. It's about a novelist who runs a Monday night movie club and is in the romance genre.
The Castle is a book of the same name. Are you interested in any of it's genres?
You're welcome!
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
Catch Me If You Can has genre Crime and drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Design. Have you read either of these?
It was, have you seen the movie?
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is considered a drama. I highly recommend it!
If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend Wildwood Dancing and The Siren. Both are great reads!
Sure, The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
In fact, there's a movie called The Modern Prometheus that was released in 1818
If you like Frankenstein, you should check out The Modern Prometheus.
Yes, she also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Happiness Project.
Yes. I can tell you that Paper Towns was written by John Green, and he also wrote Tuck Everlasting.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he was, do you know who acted in that movie?
Yes they do become a football team. Are you a football fan?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a Sci-Fi movie, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Way Station is a great one.
I have not, but I will look into it. Thanks for all the information.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
James Franco and Selma Hayek starred in the film. Have you seen it?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dillion. It is a sci-fi. Do you like those types of movies?
I definitely would! Moulin Rouge is written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, they were both in it as well! Do you like his work?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone also starred in it.
You're welcome
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Not much. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like basketball. What is your favorite sport?
Then I do enjoy watching soccer. What is your favorite sport?
I am steelers fan and broncos. Tom Brady is a great player.
Oh yes they will be in the superbowl. What do you think?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Oliver Stone is a great Horror movie. Another good one is Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice. It's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yup, it's a great movie. It was also released in 2007.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know who produced it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and dancer
I do, I like his music alot. Do you know if I'm still a fan of his music
Yes, I believe she has a lot of years. She's won several awards like the Rookie of the Year Award and the Best Original Score.
Sure, what Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure of the release date. You might also like The Last Anniversary.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction type novel. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Speaker for the Dead and The Sea of Monsters may be one of them.
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you like to know more about this book?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
John Savage directed the Princess and the Frog.
your welcome
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
Definitely. Did you know she acted in The Edge of Glory?
Yes, she was in The Muppets too! Have you seen that one?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Ok, Yellow is a thriller. I might also like Argo and Persuasion. Have you seen those two?
Yes! That was actually released in Amsterdam as well.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth and The Invisible Man.
Yes she is in Tixie. She also starred in The Wedding Singer.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Do you like that genre?
Speculative Fiction. what else can i do for you?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I think he's an actor. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Sure, a few of his songs that are good are Yuvraj Singh, Shakira and Nowhere Boy. Have you heard them?
I'm not sure about that but I know he is married to Justin Timberlake. You like his music?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
The book is in the genre comedy
It was released in 2003
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is an Action Thriller
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians if you like fantasy.
You're welcome!
Yes, the movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis, do you like them?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia, which is a great drama film.
Mike Starr was the author of Blood and Wine.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. The O.C. is a series based on the O.C. series.
You're welcome.
Do you like dramas? The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or crime movie?
Do you want to know more about the movie?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! The Bone Collector was considered a historical period drama.
Yes I did. That was a great movie. You should check it out.
Owen Wilson is in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Beach and SpaceCamp.
He plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
I think he's a midfielder and forward.
He's a midfielder and forward. Anything else I can help you with?
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Sure, I am not sure. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is the writer of this team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes. He is starring in Edge of Tomorrow.
Some similar films are Zoe's Tale and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. Would you like to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
I will be glad to help. Enjoy the movie!
That's a good movie! Did you know that it's a romantic comedy?
I like comedy movies. Zooey Deschanel is in it as well. Another good movie I like is Noah, have you seen it?
I like murder mystery, but would you like me to add it to your list of movies to watch?
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it in a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these books?
You might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half-Blood Prince.
I believe it did. It's part of a series. The book was turned into a movie. I'm not sure of the movie.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He's from United States of America and played in the United States of America.
The Psychological thriller was written by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
I can't remember the producer, but I know Michael Pavone produced it.
He also wrote That Thing You Do!
I am not sure of the genre, but I do know it is a crime fiction.
Sure, it is a comedy, and stars Isn't that close to it. Do you like comedies?
Thank you! I hope you have a great day!
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in that movie as well.
No I have not, but I know that The People Speak is written by Edith Wharton
You're welcome, hope you enjoy!
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
What is the name of the team? I like it because Joe Montana was a great player.
Yes, that would be a great time for them. There's a lot of exciting teams there but the Seahawks and Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a drama?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by Rachel Ward and it is a Speculative fiction.
Sarah Clarke is a star in it.
She also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Sounds good. You should check it out.
Sure, Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's awesome, did you know Tyrannosaur Canyon was written by William Shakespeare?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling that also came out in 2005. You might like that one too.
Great! Have you read the Mist or the Dark Lover?
Sure thing!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg and it's a great horror film.
I would recommend The Walking Dead if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Daniel Craig as well as James Franco. It is a great thriller.
She also starred in Edward Scissorhands.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's in a romantic relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
Cadillac Records is one of my favorites. He has starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High which is a romantic comedy.
All I know is that she starred in the movie Lady Gaga. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I have! I've seen it once. I really thought it was amazing. Do you like Bradley Cooper?
It has a great cast including Will Smith, Kristen Stewart and Dax Shepherd.
You may like Alice's Adventures in Wonderland too.
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It's an excellent book.
I believe Thomas Hobbes also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome!
The Flying Scotsman starring Billy Boyd and Stone of Destiny
I would recommend The Good Doctor or The Armenian Genocide.
He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy, which is a thriller movie.
You're welcome.
She's a poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I do like Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler was starring in that movie?
That's cool. Did you know he was a writer as well?
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I believe it is a drama, if you like that genre, i recommend The Butterfly Effect.
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief was written by Jodi Picoult and stars Thomas Lennon and is a drama/comedy.
If you like Crime Dramas, I recommend X-Men: First Class and Avatar.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy Wicked Lovely or What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Josh Brolin, J.K. Simmons, and Brooke D'Orsay.
Bradley Cooper was in an old favorite of mine, The Running Man, and The Hunger Games.
He is in a lot of comedy movies. One of my favorites is Sweet Home Alabama, starring Bradley Cooper
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure can you if you like thrillers or you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Yes i can, do you want me to add it to your list?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Jane Austen wrote Lullaby.
I can't find any information on anything else he wrote, but I can tell you he is also a teacher.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you like the O.C, then you might know Winter's Passage. It is an interesting family movie.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a really great cast. Have you seen it?
Rocky is a Sci-Fi movie. It was released in 2001 and stars Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might like The Matrix, then. It is a martial arts film.
Undisputed is an action film and it was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you'll like Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a good one.
Yes, it was released in 2010.
You're welcome
I did not know that. I know he was from Miami. I think he was great in Basketball.
NBA All-Rookie of the Year is my favorite. Who is yours?
Yes, I agree. I love the sport. Do you have a favorite sport?
Oh wow, what is your favorite team?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
Sure. He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie
Certainly, Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
I do! She's one of my favorite singers.
Of course. Other movies in that genre include The Running Man and No Strings Attached.
Ok. I have a lot of good songs. Happy to help
He was a Parody movie. He also starred in True Lies and The Huntsman
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution and the genre is young adult fiction.
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Insomnia, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Brad Pitt starred in War and The Perfect Storm. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure when it came out. I can give it a try!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 2007. Are you interested in seeing it?
Yes I do, I'm a huge tennis fan, but I prefer the Williams sisters.
Oh I see. I don't know much about tennis but I do know it's like Venus Williams and Serena Williams.
Oh I see. I don't really follow tennis but I do know of Serena Williams.
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
I liked Tuesday Night Football as a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I believe it is a book. One of my favorite books is What Happens in Vegas.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Truman Show. It is a romantic comedy.
If you like James Franco, you might also like X-Men, or X-Men, you might enjoy X-Men 2 or The Incredible Hulk.
Yes I do! It is written by Robert D. Siegel, who also wrote Zodiac?
It is a drama
Your welcome!
Isn't he the guy who is the captain for the India National Cricket Team?
Actually, I am not a big soccer fan, I prefer American football
Well, Virat, Xander Berkeley, and Omari Hardwick are some of the great cricket players.
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. Is that what you're looking for?
Sure, C.S. Lewis wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair. Would you like to hear more about any of these?
It's considered a fantasy.
Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Those are both Speculative fiction.
Yes, Peter Pan is a crime fiction book. Are you looking for something in this genre?
Sure. You may also like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure! It's a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by Arthur Miller.
Sure! The book was written by Jane Austen and is a young-adult fiction.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
James Burroughs wrote Eecbl, you might like it.
I'm not sure but it was released as an adventure film.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes it is a romance and comedy. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you like the movie because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes he wrote and directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Ok. Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
That's true. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006 and was written by Owen Wilson
I recommend The Blind Side if you like action films.
Well I'd recommend The Alamo. It's a very good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment. However, Sean Penn has written Into the Wild and it's very interesting.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's good, but I like her sister Serena better.
No I don't but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles by the way.
Serena has a double name as the doubles, do you know any of them?
Sure is it a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Neal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Certainly! Woman in Gold is a romantic comedy starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. I like it because it is a Romantic Comedy.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in a lot of Mystery and Drama movies.
Neil Gaiman directed it.
Matt Damon and Emma Stone. Do you like their movies?
It came out in 2007. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes! Superman Returns is a great movie! Do you like it because of the action?
Comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
yea he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in You've Got Mail too.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Your welcome.
Deception Point is starring Michael Gaston. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
you can try The Last Templar starring Tom Berenger. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you?
I love that one, too! I would recommend X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It is also a movie starring Ryan Reynolds. Would you like to watch it now?
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were the main actors.
ok. Enjoy your movie time!
Yes, you're right. I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy!
Enjoy your movie!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you should check out The Fiery Cross. It is science fiction I think you would like that one.
I'm not sure if she has any other information about her but I do know My Own Heart's Blood is in English.
No I don't. I'm sorry.
I have heard he is a great football player, do you know who he is?
Not really. I don't follow football much. Do you like football?
They did. I liked Ryan Gosling in The Expendables a lot. I think I saw it today.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
It's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't know, but I do know he starred in Yelling to the Sky.
Shawn Roberts and Jeffrey DeMunn directed that movie.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine, how about you?
Gone with the Wind is my favorite. Have you seen it?
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I'm not a big fan of the New York Jets.
I have heard of the Jets, what football team is owned by Woody Johnson
I do know that their former quarterback has a lot of money to be honest.
He wrote Snatch.
Sure! The movie is based on a novel by Charles Dickens. It was released in 2015.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I'll add it now. Enjoy.
Yes I know they are a south korean boy band
I am very familiar with them. I really like their song Cold Blooded.
It's a great song. I recommend it if you like it.
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they're both friends with Snoop Dogg. They both starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore is Dead.
Yes, he did! It's a classic!
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
It's a Comedy/drama and was released in 1996. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't have any more information on her but I do know she was in Star Trek. Did you know she was also in Fifty Shades of Grey?
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
I like it because it's a fiction book. She wrote the Harry Potter series. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and a crime. Do you like that genre?
Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't know much about the movie, but you might like State of the Union. It's a thriller.
It is. I'm not sure if that's the movie.
Another one by Dwayne Johnson that I might be of interest.
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
Not really. I don't really follow cricket. Who's your favorite player?
Yes. I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wild Life and Love Actually. Would you like more information about her?
You're right! She was in The Perfect Score, which is a Comedy. Have you seen any of those films?
I'm not sure but I can tell you that Lea Thompson is the only actor I know she starred in. The Wild Life is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I've not seen it but I'll have to check it out. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
It is a science fiction film.
Stanlee was written by J.K. Rowling
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in Memento. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jorja Fox wrote the movie Memento. She also starred in the movie Virtual Light.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is a Psychological thriller.
Certainly. In addition to the movie, there is also the movie The Prestige.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. They're my favorite football team. Do you like them?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't think that's all this week. Who are your favorite team?
Yes, he has written some great books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yeah, that's great. He wrote so many great books. Maybe you're interested in Wuthering Heights or Xenocide?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Z for Zachariah. You might like that.
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men.
Stephen Fry is one of the starring actors in that movie.
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. It's Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good football player.
Soccer is my favorite but I like American Football. What about you?
Okay. What's your favorite team?
Yes she is, I love her song Spring Breakers.
Yes, I do. He's a great actor.
I have. I think I'll watch it now!
It is a great comedy film. Have you seen it?
John C.Reilly also wrote Stuck on You, and Good Will Hunting.
It was released in 2007 and is a great comedy!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedy of Macbeth.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's considered children's literature.
Yes, it is. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as William Shakespeare.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. Another good movie he starred in is The Da Vinci Code.
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that. I think he was a defensive back too.
I think that's true. Do you know anything about Broncos or any other players?
Yes, both Nicholas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan?
She's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Natalie Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that movie?
It is good. I think you will enjoy it. It is a great movie.
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
He mostly does Pop rock and Indie rock.
If you like R &B, then you might really enjoy his work.
It was written by Ralph Steadman and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes, he was. He also directed and starred in The Rum Diary. Are you familiar with it?
Yes I have. Mortdecai is known for Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
Cool, enjoy!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic is an animated movie. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Inferno is a good one
Yes, he was, along with X-Men Origins.
I don't know, but I do know X-Men Origins is a sci-fi movie
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men
No, he did not star in any of the movies
I know that he wrote The Graveyard Book and Wizard and Glass. DO you like Horror fiction?
Yes, it was. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. He also wrote The Stand, which was released in 1997.
Great, enjoy!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
My favorite player is probably Cristiano Ronaldo
He played the tight end of the game
They are 3rd in the AFC south.
I agree! I think she's one of the best singers of all time. Is she an actress and a great singer?
I have not seen her in that movie I heard it is a great movie. I think she is a great singer though.
I didn't know that, I think I heard that Skarsgard is a good movie. I wonder if they are brothers like Liam Neeson?
No, I really don't, I really don't like his songs.
Yes, he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
I'm not sure what is her latest album. do you like electronic music?
Absolutely! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and Shirley. Have you read those?
Definitely! It's a novel that was released in 1854. She also wrote Villette and The Professor. Are you familiar with either?
If you liked that, you should also try The Professor & Mrs. Smith
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by Robin Buss
It was written by Robin Buss, and it's a speculative fiction.
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel. Are you a fan?
She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter and Last Night in Montreal.
It is a psychological thriller novel.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Yancey?
Yes, I do like those books. Did you know that The Last Star was released in 2014?
Yes, it is written by Rick Graves. He also wrote The Mists of Avalon which was released in 2016.
Robert Jackson has written a few books, but he also wrote a bit of Lost in Translation. Are you interested in thrillers?
It was written by Andrew Niccol and was released in 1986
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like the Romance genre?
If you like non-traditional romance movies, The Notebook has a lot of romance.
Of course, Sara Shepard and Rupert Graves star in it.
Sure, enjoy.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You're right. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. Sounds like a great book.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have other movies in the genre like The Civil War, The Mists of Avalon and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
He starred in The Civil War, The Republic of Love, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Are you interested in the book because of the book written by Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide or Xenocide.
Sure. I'll add them to your reading list now.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
You are correct. Tim Dolin is also a writer.
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray, which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
She also wrote the books the Cookoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
it is family genre
There is The Fault in Our Stars
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
It is a novel, similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
Sure, Dan Simmons wrote Inferno.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Rum Diary and in The Big Lebowski.
He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I didn't realize it, and I've seen the other James Coburn movies.
Ok, enjoy those films!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is he is a Point Guard in Basketball. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
Since he is a Point Guard, I'm not a huge fan of basketball but one of my favorite players is Don't Mess with the Zohan
He's a good point guard. One of my favorite players is Draymond Starr.
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
I don't really know any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can assist with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she any good?
Yes, I know it is a great book. It is written by Ann Brashares and released in 1980.
It was released in 2001, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would recommend it for you.
I'd recommend The Lacuna then, it is a very good one.
Great! Enjoy!
Looper stars Bruce Willis and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
That is correct. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Peter Hyams and Julia Roberts. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a great comedy film.
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it!
It is a comedy
You're Welcome
It is a great book. The book was written by J.D. Sallinger released in 1962. Have you read it?
Franny and Zooey is a great one, it is a Historical period drama.
He also wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories.
I don't know much about football but I do know he was born in Argentina.
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
No, I am not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think you would like The House of Mirth, The Confessions of Charlotte Doyle. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
They're a good team. Their coach Mike McCarthy is their coach.
I like the Dallas Cowboys if they are playing this season. Who is your favorite team?
Wally Lamb is a great actress. Have you seen her in The Hour I First Believed?
I Know This Much Is True is considered a Fiction novel.
He also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was a great one
I hope you enjoy it
They are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, do you like the actors in it because it is a crime fiction?
The main star in the movie is Steven Spielberg and Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure when it was released. But it is in the fantasy genre, I think you'd like it!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She has an amazing voice. She's very talented. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough.
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She was also in a tv show called Olympus.
Yes, and Jessica Biel was also in it. It's one of my favorite comedys.
Yup, she was in that - she's pretty funny too.
I do! It was written by several people including Taudl Junge. It is a war film.
It appears that the code is similar to Downfall. Would you like me to play it for you?
Absolutely! Enjoy the movie!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, one of my favorites is Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
If you like Wuthering Heights, you might also like Wolf Brother.
Great, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action piece. So You might enjoy Star Trek. were you looking for a sci fi movie?
Yes! It is also a sci-fi film. Have you seen it?
Yes! That is correct. Another Sci-fi movie starring Mindy Kaling is Aeon Flux.
Besides being a writer, Mindy is also a voice actor. She starred in the Wreck It Ralph
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is a comedian like the Cowboys and the Redskins. Do you like to watch football?
I am afraid I do not have info about the movie. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson is the main character in the film. It is played by Wreck-It Ralph.
It is definitely a Minority Report, there are some other good movies with Owen Wilson.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I think he's a great player. I don't follow golf too closely.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, and All My Sons.
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like basketball?
Yes, The Denver Nuggets is a good team as well as the Houston Rockets.
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits is a comedy and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
I am not sure, but Shawn Hatosy also starred in the movie Public Enemies, which is a thriller.
It is a great movie with Tom Cruise, and it is a comedy
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great writer. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
She also wrote Bella Tuscany, which was released in 1999.
Can I help you with anything else?
I do, she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
She is a great singer. One of my favorite songs is Don't Go Breaking My Heart
Oh yeah. She is one of the most talented actors in the movie. She also directed The Lorax which is a comedy film
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Me either. I like Tomlin as well. He's a great athlete.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
Shadowland is part of a series. You might enjoy those books?
You're right. Violets Are Blue is another great one by her.
You're welcome
James Rodriguez is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
Do you have any favorite football teams?
I don't follow football much, but I do know that Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it is an amazing movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula and Vanishing Acts
Would you like me to add it to your queue?
You're welcome.
He's such a great actor. He starred in quite a few movies including True Romance and The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
Yes, I think so. She authored quite a few books like The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
I think it was adapted into a movie and is a fantasy. Are you interested in movies like that?
Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - the story is based on a book by Tony Gilroy
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: The Bourne Legacy : Film Executive Produced: The Bourne Identity. : Film Executive Produced: The Bourne Identity. : Film Executive Produced: The Bourne Identity. : Film Executive Produced: The Bourne Identity. :  good actors starred in the Bourne Legacy. Do you
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Sure, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, and Noel Gugliemi was the starring with Johnny Cash. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information. However, I can tell you it is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
She also has a few more Romance movies like Walk the Line. Did you know Joaquin Phoenix starred in The Incredibles?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
World Without End is a fiction book written by the same author.
Well, it is a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a Thriller
Yes he does
Samuel L Jackson and John Travolta
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse.
Yes, I'll add it to your queue.
He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
Peter Mensah and Eva Green are in that movie. Would you like to know more about any of them?
The Other Guys was released in 1994 and is a comedy film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
You are correct! Ned Bellamy starred in The Green Mile which was also sad to see.
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Cold Moon.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is an indie film starring Bruce Willis.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's good. Did you see him in The Aviator?
Great choice, the movie Inception is a great one! I think you will enjoy it if you like animated movies.
He did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
Sure! You should definitely check out True Lies as well.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to know more about this?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in Dreamgirls, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are in the NFC West division.
I have seen Nanking. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Zombieland too?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
These Happy Golden Years is a novel that was released in 1943 and was the first of a series of eight children's literature.
If you like historical fiction you'll like Wilder by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't heard of him and will that be good to know if you haven't already seen his work.
Sure! Did you like it because it's a drama?
It is an excellent play! Some other plays are Great Expectations and Crescendo.
That is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like drama?
It is written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's That Girl and Snatch. Have you seen either of those?
The Pacifier was released in 2003!
You're very welcome!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Daniel Radcliffe and Ethan Hawke are a few stars in this movie
The Dark Knight Rises starring Anne Hathaway
The movie was directed by Ann Patchett, who also directed it
It came out in 2011
Enjoy the movie!
Sure, one movie that comes to mind is White Oleander. Have you seen that one?
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Paris Saint-Germain
I don't know much about football, is he from Bogota?
I think he was a Midfielder and forward.
No I do not but I do know that Falcoa plays the position of Forward.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
Peter Jacobson stared in As Good as It Gets and Purple Violets so the two might be similar.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. Do you like either of them?
It was released in 2004
Enjoy
It is a National Football League tean owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jaguars.
What is your favorite team?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and was born in Hisar. Are you familiar with either?
She did! That was an exciting 2012 summer olympics!
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was actually born in Rochester.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David Fincher.
Yes, he is a famous comedian. He also wrote the movie The Wedding.
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. It's based on a book by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. She starred in it as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like recommendations for other movies by him?
Sin City is a crime fiction film that was directed by Sin City. Have you seen it?
Gentlemen Broncos starred in Wilde Salome, Meryl Streep, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
No problem!
Yes, it is written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance film?
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy starring Khaled Hosseini.
The Kite Runner is a romance/drama film. Have you heard of it?
Sure, enjoy!
Christina Lamb is a both Thriller and Suspense genre. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he wrote that one as well. It's considered a thriller and a science fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Pilgrimage is a theater director.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
It is a fiction. Are you into that genre?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
Sure! You might like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby. They're both dramas.
Elizabeth George Speare is the author.
It was released in 1925. It's a great read!
It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Melissa Leo! Are you a fan of any of them?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, she also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale, The Professor, and Xenocide.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the Young-adult fiction genre?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is written by Sarah Dessen.
Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, Steve Kloves did write The Amazing Spider-Man. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man?
That one stars Steve Kloves and J.K. Rowling.
Any time! I hope you enjoy!
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
South African Football team, coached by J.K. Simmons, is a good player
No I don't. I am sorry.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
The Great Gatsby starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Elina Alminas. Do you like any of them?
Glad I could help
Sounds good. Enjoy!
I do! I really liked it. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape produced by Larry Crowne. It is a great comedy.
It sure is! I think you would like that one too.
Yes, that is a great movie, perfect for your time.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a wonderful book. Have you read it?
White Fang is also a fiction book.
Its a great book. If you like that you might also check out Call of the Wild.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book released in 2011
Are you a fan of Beautiful Disaster, or Beautiful Oblivion?
I think you'd enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Perfect. I hope you enjoy.
Great. Have a wonderful day.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro is starring in it
Sure, Meet the Parents is a comedy and is directed by Jon Roach.
You're welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. How are they doing this season?
Yes they are definitely in the AFC West division.
Beloved is in the Speculative Fiction genre. Other examples include The Handmaid's Tale and Brave New World.
You may like The City of Ember, which is also historical fiction.
That one is really good! Billy Bob Thornton and Angelina Jolie are in it.
I love her music! Did you know she started as a child T.V star in Victorious?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good singer. I don't know much about her as an actor though.
Do you like that movie too? Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want a romantic novel?
The Lucky One is a romantic comedy by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his books?
A Walk to Remember is a book that was made into a movie. I think you might like it.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
Well, from what I can tell, it's a drama, a historical period drama and a comedy. Is that of interest?
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Liam Neeson is the main character.
Okay, I'll have to check that out
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for anything by her.
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I'm not sure about this movie but you might like Fast and Furious or X-Men 2.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who is also in Fast and Furious
You're welcome
I would recommend a similar movie, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars as a zombie movie.
World War Z was directed by Mike White. He also directed Animal Farm which is similar to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men Apocalypse
I can't seem to find any other movies he was in, but did you know Frank Millier starred in The Running Man, or The Hunger Games?
What genre are you looking for?
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like the author or genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale. It's a good one.
Yes. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
Yes, he played on the Pistons's Wife. He was a great player as well.
Wow! I didn't know that! Who is the coach?
I do! He's a great singer. I like his song The Fresh Prince. Are you familiar with it?
Another one is Girl with a Pearl Earring
Yes that is correct. I do know that he has written a lot of screenwritings.
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
Oh I see. I do like the Philadelphia Eagles though.
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
No that movie was produced by Chris Weitz. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I haven't seen it. I've heard it's a thriller.
I do. He's a good actor. I liked him in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that movie?
Oh yeah. He's a great actor. Some of my favorites include X-Men Apocalypse and The Black Dahlia.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's one of my favorite sports teams.
I didn't know Philidel Smith played in Black II. Interesting fact!
Oh, I didn't know that! Oh, that's amazing! I really liked Hitch as well.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was released in 1856, similar to Madame Bovary.
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors. Would you like me to name a few of them?
If you want anything else written by Mark Overstall, you'll like The Return of the Native
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty.
It also was written by Natasha Puli and has a genre of Tragicomedy.
I'd recommend Beyond the Sea, also written by Alan Ball
Yes she is. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Sure, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is considered a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he produced The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I am not sure about that. Something else I can help you with?
Sure, All The Money in the World was starring Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller. It was released in 2003
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Sure, enjoy the movies
I am not sure if Shakira has a new release, but I know she is friends with Justin Timberlake. Have you heard it?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was a popular song and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell, it is a thriller fantasy film.
Coraline is genre Thriller and Speculative Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Then you might like The Hatfields & McCoys and The Avengers. Are those appealing to you?
Wicked City is a speculative fiction novel written by John Hodgman. It is a thriller and science fiction film.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote This is the End of Days
It was released in 1958
Enjoy!
you're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's a romantic comedy?
Yes, he also wrote Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Sea and Under the Never Sky.
Sure, you might enjoy The Best of Me or The Best
You're welcome.
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right. If you like that one, maybe you should check out The House of the Seven Gables.
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is a children's literature, as well as children's literature.
Yes, he did. There was also a movie version of Go, Dog, Go.
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a comedy
Sure, some of the actors in the film were Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Everett, Michael Fassbender
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
It is. Do you enjoy Romance novels?
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance is a good drama starring James Franco. He was also in The Green Mile, which is a great movie.
Probably it is a drama film. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Brad Pitt starred in all 3 movies. He also directed Troy.
There is one called Marvin's Room
Troy is a romantic comedy do you like that genre?
Follett Johansson was in that movie
Okay enjoy!
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like Alex too. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you seen those?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
The genre is a fiction and I would recommend.
I haven't seen it. But I do know that it's a war film.
I think so. He also starred in Taking Chance. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is in Psychological Thriller, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, I know that Mike Colter starred in it as well as Sylvester Stallone.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming.
Winona Ryder is the star.
It was released in 2003.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux and Zombieland are a couple of the Sci-Fi films. Do you like those?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome
It is a great movie, have a great day
Taxi Driver is a Thriller/Crime Fiction movie. Would you like more Thrillers or Crime Fiction?
Then you might also like X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
Then you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Total Recall
Great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama.
It's a film about an assasination attempt. It's about an Irish nurse who is brought to a small village to witness a miracle.
Sure, Anne Frank is an author. She wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read it?
Perhaps you might be interested in other books by Anne Frank, such as The Diary of Anne Frank, or The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it seems that it's related to Anne Frank's work. She also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo star in that movie. It's a science fiction film.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a drama.
Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Cool, you might also enjoy the film X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Would either of them interest you?
Yes, he is a great director. He directed many movies such as: The End of the Affair and Die Hard.
No, We Are Marshall is a comedy about football. It's a good one.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Alyson Noel. He also wrote Night at the Museum which is another fun film.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Ah. He's a linebacker now.
Anytime! Have a great day!
I do agree. I think she is one of the best female players of all time.
I like hockey and american football. What about you?
Green Bay Packers, who are your favorite team!
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Yes. Anything else I can help you with today?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. May I help you with anything else?
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
V for Vendetta has a great cast consisting of Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
V for Vendetta is a Science Fiction/ Thriller.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote War of the Worlds and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about it?
Cinderella is a romance novel.
I can tell you that it is a sci-fi thriller and horror movie. Do you enjoy those genres?
Naomi Watts has starred in WALL-E and Up in the Air. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Ron Nyswaner and was released in 1933. Did you know it is also a historical period drama?
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's more of a psychological thriller and suspense. Do you like those types of movies?
Tori Amos is a popular song by him. She also wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and athlete.
Capra wrote, directed, and produced It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
He is also a musician and writer. He has written a lot of books
It is a Wonderful Life is written by Luc Besson
It is, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a great movie.
I'm not sure but I do know it was released in 1958
Great question, it was released in 1958
I do not have that info
I'm not sure about that but what do you think about Marion Wiesel now?
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's considered a crime and comedy.
Hmmm. I'm not sure who the author is but it does involve ghosts.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I know very little about tennis, I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
Sure! Do you like movies in the same genre or the actors?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good one. It's about a follow-up called Where You Are. It's similar to Twilight.
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you like it.
You're welcome!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The Good German is starring Stephen Fry. He is a great actor.
He has been in so many films, including The Right Stuff, The Right Stuff, and The Right Stuff.
No problem, enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It's a science fiction/thriller, do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
Yes, it's genre is Gothic fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's very good! Hope you enjoy it!
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read either of those?
It is in the genres of historical drama and was released in 1982.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
It's a Fantasy genre
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you heard of any of these?
I see. It sounds like something you'd be interested in learning something new everyday.
Yes, it is a historical period drama.
I'll have to check that out
Great, have a great day.
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and Nutty Professor II. Have you seen either of those?
That's right, he produced the Longest Yard too.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates. That's a romantic comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great reads by Albus Dumbledore.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is considered children's literature.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It's a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes. The book is based on a book by J.K. Rowling. Would you like me to find it for you?
Michael O'Nell starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is an action and drama movie like O'Neal. Do you like those types of movies?
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five?
You're welcome.
He plays soccer for F.C. Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of soccer but I know they are coached by Vincente del Bosque.
Wow! Have a great day.
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It is more of a thriller and science fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I like murder mystery, too. Would you like me to recommend other films in that genre?
Yes, that is a great one. Would you like me to recommend other murder mystery films?
I sure can! Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you want something in particular?
Persuasion is written by Neil Gaiman.
I actually don't know, but Jane Austen did write Mansfield Park as well.
I know it is a comedy starring Eddie Murphy. Are you familiar with him?
Yes, she did.
That is a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I do not watch that much tennis, but I do know that he has a brother named Serena Williams.
No, I don't watch tennis much but I do enjoy watching a match from time to time.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Golden Compass are two good family novels.
I haven't read A Light in The Attic, but I have heard of it.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Steve Buscemi is one of the main stars in that movie.
I don't know who the producer is, but Shawnee LaMarr produced Real Steel.
Did you like the Untouchables because it is starring Sean Connery or because it is a Crime Fiction?
I know he also directed The Usual Suspects and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Have you seen them?
No problem, enjoy
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker was an author of Fierce Light. Are you familiar with her work?
He wrote The World According to Garp, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
Can I help you with anything else?
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Nice, I think you're right about Jose Mourinho I think he is a great player as well.
Yes I think he was a Midfielder and he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear.
Its a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film starring Cameron Diaz. Have you seen it?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
His music is more of a crime fiction and suspense.
Sure, do you prefer Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
There is The Social Network starring Aaron Sorkin and is a popular movie.
It actually came out in 2012. Are you interested in films like The Hummingbird Project?
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
Yes, I love The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
The genre is Treasure Island and Crime Fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, you can try The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I did. I liked it. It starred Morgan Freeman, Elie Wiesel, and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He is an amazing actor. He was also in Stuck on You and The Christmas Blessing.
Yes, The Godfather Part II is one of my favorites.
Anytime!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Seabiscuit which was released in 2016.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2014. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls are a couple more you may enjoy.
It was released in 1926, and written in English.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who does he play for?
Yes, I like him better. I like Caddyshack.
Isn't that an action movie like Young Buck?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
Matt Damon starred in that as well as White Oleander. Do you like his work?
It is a Romantic Comedy, do you like that genre?
A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945 and is in English.
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Great Divorce.
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't he a basketball player from the Madison Square Garden?
Oh yeah, I have. And, I know that Mike Woodson owns the Madison Square Garden. Do you like hockey?
What other sports do you like?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
I'm not sure, but the film was released in 2005.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of the author John Scalzi?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
Yes, you are correct! He is from Germany.
Yes, you are correct!
I would like to know more about him as well. He has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Rango is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knigh.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I do not know of any other dramas by Jonathan Nolan
Memento stars Ethan Hawke and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in The Sixth Sense which is a Psychological thriller
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered a fantasy. He also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Ozma of Oz.
You may want to check out The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, it is part of a series.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the movie. Did you know it was directed by him?
The Holiday was released in 2009 - The Holiday is a romantic comedy-drama film.
It is a romance-drama film.
YVonne Zima starred in The Holiday which is a thriller.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth
WALLE is an action movie directed by Alfonso Cuaron.
Sure- if you like Sci-Fi movies you might like X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
Sure- X-Men is the last stand by Hugh Jackman. It stars Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. You might also like Zombieland, X-Men: The Last Stand.
Jason Bateman stars in Wolverine. You will like it!
Yes- the Union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction, Have you read it?
Sure, you might also like the book What Happened to Nancy, or the Harry Potter series. Have you read those?
Sure, it was released in 1958 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it's considered children's literature.
It is written by Katherine Paterson. It's also a children's book.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but what can you tell me about it?
There are several actors in Ocean's Twelve, including George Nolfi, Matt Damon and Nicholas Cage.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I do! I like football. What is your favorite team?
SC Freiburg is a great player. Isn't he a forward for more?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus?
It is considered children's literature. He is also a screenwriter.
I think so, he's a good actor. He starred in both The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Sure. I hope you enjoy them!
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a Fiction and the genre is fiction.
I'm not about the story. I do know that Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is about China Dolls if you like China Dolls.
Anytime!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
You might also enjoy Grindhouse. It's an action film.
It is a great movie. The movie was released in 1999 and directed by Rob Zombie.
Sure, this book was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl wit the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Yes it was released in 1985 and is in English. Did you know that Steig Larsson also wrote Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do! He is in a lot of movies. He was in Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame, Rainbow and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction Film, similar to The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Definitely, Ken Kesey wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Oh, I recommend that! It's a classic!
Great, enjoy!
He was a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons.
He's a good player for the Jordan, but I don't know anything about him. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yea, that is a great movie. It's a family comedy-drama. Do you like Ghostbusters?
Yes, he wrote the Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, he was in A Man Apart. he also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast and Furious.
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Would you like to know more about one of those?
I do! He wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It is a nice comedy. Do you like his work?
Yes he did and he also directed Stones into Schools
That is a great one as well. It is a very good movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I do know that they're a good team. Who's your favorite athlete?
I agree. If you like action movies, you should try Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
I have read The Paris Wife and it is written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
You should! Circling the Sun was published in 2013 and is considered a Romance film.
You're welcome! Have a good one.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller and drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It is a Romance and Drama.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
It is written by Ernest Hemingway and was released in 1994.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers is a great war movie.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like me to continue?
Ok, have you seen Tuck Everlasting? That's one of my favorites.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1818.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like these actors?
Collateral Damage is written by Roland Emmerich. He is also the author of this film.
Great. Enjoy!
She starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto is also in The Running Man.
XX is a great Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr., Samuel L. Jackson and many more
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know that Hush Hush is a movie staring J.K. Simmons, have you seen it?
Have you read Dreams of Gods & Monsters? It is by Rebecca Stead.
Crescendo is a romance novel that was released in 2012. Do you like romance novels?
You might also like the book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read this one?
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of a book called The Glass Castle. It was released in 2005.
It is a memoir about the life of aristocrat Mary Shelley
Enjoy your book!
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars and he also directed Escape from New York.
You're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, you are correct. He had a starring in that one. I would recommend The Hunger Games. It's a thriller too.
The Secret, the Power, and The Secret are some of her works. Have you read them?
I do not have any similar books but i know it was written by Sean Byrne and was released in 2012. Do you like documentarys?
He wrote The Big Lebowski which was released in 2002 and is the second book in his Discworld series.
He's starred in Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you a fan of those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
Your Friend the Rat is a animated short film and was released in 2011. I think you would enjoy it.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I've never read it, but I love the book. Have you read it?
I sure do. The Good Mother is a good one as well. The Good Mother is a good one too.
I hope you enjoy it!
If you like that one, you may want to check out The Princess Diaries. It's the same story.
Do you like Anthony because Anthony was a romantic comedy?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It's very interesting! Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. He also wrote the books, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother.
Yes! The Red House wasadapted into a film and produced by Michael Park.
Yes he did and it was directed by Steve Oedekerk.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Coraci starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but Kevin James also directed Zoolander. That's a comedy-drama!
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Wizards of Waverly Place and Wolverine are some examples. Have you seen them?
Matt Damon and Danny DeVito. Would you like to know more about it?
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a korean athlete that plays for the Green Bay Packers.
The Order was released in 1987.
Zach Galifianakis was the main character, as well as Maia Morgenstern
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The same director as The Blind Side. It's an action/adventure film starring Philip Seymour Hoffman.
I think you might like The Alamo and The Manchurian Candidate. Then you'll like them.
Sure! Moneyball is a comedy film directed by Roland Emmerich and is about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
The Book of a Thousand Autumns is another one written by Cassandra Clare, have you read that?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he directed Zootopia which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did! That's right. He directed and produced the screenplay for Harry Potter.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Is that the book written by C.S.Lewis?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon.
No, I don't. I am not a Beatles fan.
I don't know much about him, other than he is from Liverpool. I do know he's a good player.
Do you know if he played or not?
Great! Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife of Memory.
Sure! Wintergirls is a Fiction novel that was released in 2011.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, cool. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure what is it about? I do know that he starred in The Social Network, but it is a comedy.
It is a romantic comedy. I think you would like it.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I think you would like Xenocide, Xenocide or Wuthering Heights. All great books.
Yes, that is correct.
He is a man of many things. I think he become a Politician now.
Yes, he did. He also directed a number of great films such as Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John was not in that version of Elizabeth. You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It's more of an Action/Adventure genre. She also starred in Little Miss Sunshine which is good as well.
You're welcome.
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great book. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, its a great book, written by Nicholas Sparks.
How about The Silence of the Lambs and The Manchurian Candidate? They are both good examples.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also directed and wrote V for Vendetta.
Well, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in The Man of Steel, which is considered a Comedy.
He has starred in The Mists of Avalon, which is a thriller.
Gary Ross directed Mystic River. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic. It was written by Joseph Heller
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know it was written by Peter Hyams?
Yes he did. Up in the Air is another great one.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Awesome! I will add that as well.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I have not. Did you know it was released in 2012?
Sure, he also directed Independence Day and The Three Musketeers. You might enjoy those!
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm not sure about that, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
It came out in 1937.
You're welcome.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. They're my favorite football team. Do you like them?
If you like that, you would be interested in Wyatt Earp's Revenge.
i have heard of him. do you like football?
i don't really know him, just that's all I know about him. who is your fav player?
Yep, they're definitely one of the best in the NFL.
Yes, I am a fan! Did you see him in Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, Jed Brophy and Temuera Morrison also star in it.
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
American Idol has genre Comedy-drama. I love that genre.
I don't think so, but I do like Tyrah too. She has a great host. I think you should try it.
Oh yes, I love that one. And it was written by Jerry Bruckheimer
I can't think of any similar movies, but Joseph Sikora starred in The Wolverine which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're right, he did star in The Everlasting. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
She wrote The Secret Garden. Have you read it?
Would you like a recommendation for another poet, Mayer?
Can I help with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel in 2014. Are you a fan?
Sure, Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Its young adult fiction
Song of Solomon is a great fiction book
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Caine and Marcia Gay Harden starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Finding Nemo. It is a family genre. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in Toy Story 3. Do you like animations?
Terry Pratchet wrote the Toy Story 3. That is a great movie.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more information about the book?
Well, The Crucible is a drama and is also a play written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
Of course! I know Harald Kloser wrote The Great Gatsby. It's a drama and is also made into a movie.
You are welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in a Romantic Comedy called Playing For Keeps.
It's a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes.
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2004.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
He also directed American Pie. Have you seen that one?
Yes, the Lady in the Water is a good one! Chris Weitz also directed it.
Sure, do you like science fiction films or adventure films?
The Nightingale is the genre of a . Fairy tale,and Mythology. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, Winter's Bone, The Nightingale, Winter's Bone and many more. Have you read any of these?
Sure, it is written by Matt Damon and was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about it?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and it is a Mystery. Have you seen it?
Of course! How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Romance Film, is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, they were both released in 1957. Did you know The Lorax has a genre Fiction?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and I believe.
You're welcome! Enjoy your book!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
You should! It is an adult comedy starring Melissa Benoist.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well as Thriller and Drama.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You are welcome.
I like the Staples Center too, they are a good team. They also have a good season this year
Well, Lebron is probably my favorite player. Have you ever seen him play the Los Angeles Lakers?
Oh wow, yes. They play the San Antonio Spurs too.
Larissa wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not know of any other books by her but he was in a movie called Paccka3bl.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I don't know much about them. Who are their coach?
I don't know much about Pete Rozalal, other than he's a good coach.
Oh wow! That's amazing. Who's your favorite sport?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Both are great books!
It is a fantasy book. Are you interested in any of the fantasy genres?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I liked him in The Pacifier with Johnny Depp. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes it is. You are right. It is a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, you're right. He starred in Deadpool which is a crime fiction. Have you seen it?
That was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Yes, some books in the genre are Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Yes, that recommendation is based on fiction and children's literature. Were you looking for a particular genre?
Sure, She is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No I didn't know that. What genre is that?
That's interesting, I didn't know that. I wonder if she and Venus have lost a match?
The Lost Symbol is definitely one of the best sellers list, but I know it is written by Dan Brown. Is it your favorite genre?
That is a good movie written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He has written Da Vinci Code and Inferno just to name a few.
Sure, have you see The Da Vinci Code or The Lost Symbol?
Enjoy
Yes! X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Are you into X-Men movies?
Sure, I'll do you like Sci-Fi or X-Men: First Class?
Yes, I love Robert Downey Jr., he starred in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to watch it?
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey is an author who wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of these?
He has written quite a few books like; The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I know that Thomas Lennon was also in Zoolander. That movie is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, I will. Enjoy!
It's a great drama starring Thomas Mitchell. Have you seen it?
Okay, you might like World Without End, or Wilde Salome.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Did you know that the Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
I don't know. But he's written a lot of poetry. Would you like to hear about others?
It is released in 1979. Would you like to hear more about The Last Song?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
I am not sure if that's her other books. However, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy.
You are welcome.
Definitely. Do you like the Hangover movies because it is a comedy?
It is a series written by Robert C. O'Brien and is in the Thriller genre.
No problem!
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a Fiction and Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're very welcome!
He's on the India national cricket team right? I don't know much about him but I know he was in Hook Ya Crook
What sport do you like to watch?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe The Last Runaway was published in 1994.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you like children's literature, you should try The Sparrow. It is more of a children's literature.
I don't know of any autobiographies by Quentin Blake.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, they are a football team. Do you like football?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Sure! Do you like the Fantasy genre or the actors?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote and starred in X-Men: First Class and Underworld: Evolution.
Sure, some big names you may recognize are Stan Lee also in Iron Man 3 and Thor
Sure, have a great day!
This movie is directed by castle and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in his movies?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park lll.
The first one is directed by Chris Evans. He's a great actor. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in it as well as Hayley Atwell and Dominic Cooper.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was made into a movie. It's a mystery and I highly recommend it.
It was released in 2010. You might want to check it out.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood : Drama, Crime Fiction, and Crime Fiction. I can recommend some more if you like.
Michael Bay is the similar movie to Transformers. Did you like the movie because it is an action movie?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams and William Hurt and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Matrix.
You're welcome!
I can't think of any of his books. Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, it is a vampire series that are part of the series the Twilight series. Have you read that?
You might be right. It's part of a series of books for you as well. It's part of a series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Sure, it is a good one, released in 2011
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
It is a romance novel that was released in 2007.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's funny. Did you know Adam Sandler was in it?
I love Julie Bowen! I think I've seen her in a couple TV shows, I really like her in the TV shows
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shailene Woodley, Damian Lewis, and Debra Winger were the main actors.
It is a fantasy, do you like those types of movies?
The 5th Wave is an adventure film starring Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his?
The Last Star was released in 2016 as well. It is considered a fantasy movie.
Both these are both sci-fi and fantasy.
Sure! You might like The Last Star, it has a genre of suspense as well.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy!
She's good, but I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
She does have a good voice. She's also been in Valentine's Day, which is a sci-fi film.
I didn't know she was in Men in Black 3 lol. She was pretty funny in that movie as well.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
No, but I like it. X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to know more about it?
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like to hear about more of his comedies?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Do you like him as an actor or singer?
I like Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
If you like his music I think you would like Your Love is My Drug
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Yes, he was. He was also in X-Men: First Class
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown up and it was directed by Steve Oedekerk
Yes he did and it was directed by Joel Coen
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1900 and is in the Romance genre.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book. Another good book is Zoe's Tale.
Cool, enjoy the books!
You are welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't know much about her, but I know she composed Titanium. Are you a fan?
Yeah he's done a lot of different kinds of music. I like Dance wiv Me and Shakira, What's Your Number. Have you heard?
No, if you like Coldplay you might be interested in some of his more popular songs, like No Strings Attached.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy. Do you like Comedy Films?
Sure, Peter and Paul also starred in Tropic Thunder, which is a drama film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
They are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I haven't been following them much but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I think they will win it in the Super Bowl XXVIII.
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets. Who's your favorite player?
It was a classic for sure. I did like Space Jam.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
I am not sure but Shakespeare also wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet.
Ok enjoy your reading!
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I can not win a women's tennis match but I do know they are very good in the sport.
I think only Venus has lost a few matches. I think you should watch both Venus and Serena if you have not.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
No, he was a runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
It was Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a psychological thriller.
Sure, have you see The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and other horror movies?
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in the movie.
Sure, I'll be sure to check it out.
Yes, there is a movie based on both written by J.K. Rowling and released in 1996.
He directed it, and also wrote The Golden Compass.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. If you are interested in a particular genre, you can try The One Minute Manager.
It's a suspense book released in 1981.
Absolutely!
Well, it was written by Frank Darabont. Have you heard of him?
She did write We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Are you a fan of the author, David J. Skal?
The Island of Dracula is a great horror book written by Bram Stoker. What else can I do for you?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Bram Stoker wrote that book.
He is also a scientist and from the United States of America.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun about time she spent in Italy.
Yes, this book is Fiction and romance. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Certainly, You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman starring Robert Duvall
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you like Al Pacino movies?
Yes, I have seen this movie and it was written by Richard Connelly and starred Al Pacino.
Do you like the movie because it is an adventure movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know he was in Bruges. Have you seen that movie?
Vampyres has some great cast including Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie and Anthony Hopkins.
Great! Enjoy your movie!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Shakespeare?
It is written in English and is also in the Fantasy genre.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Patterson and stars him as a musician. It's also a football movie.
Matt Damon also starred in the movie. Do you like him?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter film, The Prisoner of Azkaban.
You are welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Seven Psychopaths is the genre of Seven Psychopaths
Yes James Harden is great! He won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't really follow it a lot. I am more of a baseball fan myself
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks? I thought he's a great player as well.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he is. He directed the Manchurian Candidate. It's a great series
Walter Hill Produced the blockbuster series Upright Citizens Brigade which is also a horror film
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote The Effect. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, it is written by Graeme Simsion.
Sure. Olympus Has Fallen is a great book.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in the movie Alympus.
I don't have any suggestions for movies he has produced. However, he also directed The Invasion and The Fountains of Paradise.
It is written by Steven Spielberg. He also wrote the movie War of the Worlds.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It was a romantic comedy. He was also in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. What would you like to know about him?
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was. Would you like to know more about the book?
I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, it is in the classic literature genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Yes, they both wrote it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It's a great baseball team but I prefer the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
The Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner, who was the owner of the Yankees
I'm sure they will give it a try! It is difficult for me.
Both great novels and films by George Steinbrenner are similar.
Yes, Tiny Tim is a popular rocker and has won a Pulitzer Prize for Best Male Video.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
I don't watch badminton, but I've seen a few games like the 2012 summer olympics. Have you seen it?
That's interesting! Did you know that Nehwal was a scientist and a biographical actor from that time?
I haven't seen it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction. Is that your favorite genre?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2014. Is there anything specific you would like to know?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction novel
Were you looking for something in the same genre?
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, have you heard of Lost Highway or Gulliver's Travels?
I believe it was published in 1980.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Sure. Did you like it because it was an adventure movie?
Then you will like What the Dog Saw and And Then Came Love.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's a great book written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Did you know it also stars Julianne Moore?
You're so welcome!
Have you seen the movie True Grit?
Sure! It is a romantic comedy released in 1999. It is also a movie starring Jason Statham.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, but I've heard of At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't. Is it a Romance?
Yes, I will like it.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK. Have a great day.
Great pick it is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know much about him as an author but I do know that he is a British author.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is starring Sam Trammell and Reg E Cathey.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
She also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now
He is! He wrote The Shining and The Death of a Salesman. Have you read those?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like the Los Angeles Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Sure. He is most famous for writing End of Watch. It also has a film adaptation. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1986 and is a crime movie.
It has a great cast of actors like Yul Vazquez, Sofia Coppola, and Roger Rees
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's one of his classics.
You may like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is part of a series. Another book in the series is The Polar Express.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Shadowhunter's Codex.
The Mists of Avalon is by Philip Pullman. He also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Olympus.
No problem!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is also a Romance film.
It is a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! One of my favorites is In Her Shoes. Is the romance genre one of your interests?
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama written by Stephanie Meyer.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it, but I love O Brother, Where Art Thou! It's an adventure film starring William Hurt and Tim Blake Nelson.
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski and True Grit.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1985.
You are welcome!
He was in Star Wars as well as As a Sci-Fi. Have you seen either of those?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes. Wicked Appetite is also by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, he's a great singer. He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I know that Two Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film that Ken Kesey wrote. That is a tragicomedy.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Manchurian Candidate. It's a classic.
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolsto.
Undisputed is a good one and he was in the movies The Alchemist and The Invisible Man.
I know he starred in The Dark Knight, which is a thriller.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children and Library of Souls
Sure, they both starred in the movie Whalberg: The Ultimate Enemy
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Stephenie Meyer, it is in the Speculative fiction genre.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. You might enjoy that.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is actually the first of a series, The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both movies. He also directed Elysium.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes! She starred in that movie. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe she starred in Call Me Maybe. Did you know she was a singer?
I have heard that she is very talented, a lot of her songs include Thriller, Drama, and Soul Survivor.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Vincente del Bosque is also on that team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like to know more about this?
If you like comedies, you should check out Zoolander. That was written by Bobby Farrelly as well.
Jim Carrey stars in a lot of movies like There's Something about Mary. Is there anything else I can help with?
Anytime! Enjoy.
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays for the Chicago Bears and the Chicago Bears. He was a point guard for the Timberwolves.
How are they doing this year?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, she is. She also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Secrets, which are also written by Lois Lowry.
No problem, enjoy!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twitts, which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
He wrote The Twits and The Witches and The BFG.
Watchers is a good fantasy book, so you'll like it
The book was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your list?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're very welcome!
He's a ballet dancer. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Great Book of Life: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're very welcome!
Happy to help!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great. She was also in Witches of Blackbird Pond. That's a great movie!
Yes, she was in that. That's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
They both are crime and adventure movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames, Santaland Diaries, and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
It's a Science Fiction book. It was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she's a great singer. I love her song Too Good at Goodbyes. Are you a fan?
I have, I'm not sure about that, but I know she won an award for Best Electronic Dance Music Award for Video of the Year
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, a Miracle. She has a lot of celebrity friends as well.
Robin Williams starred in the movies such as Venom, Gladiator and The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Would you like more information about one of them?
Yes, some are you familiar with The Visitor? It is a comedy too. Have you seen it?
Yes, Lelie Dixon did and it was directed by Frankenweenie, have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. anything else i can do for you?
Yes that's correct. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley star in that movie.
Sure! Shark Night is also a thriller you might like. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
It is a great one! Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure, The movie The Crucible was released in 1986 and is based on a novel by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, I would recommend The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon.
Yes. The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
I do. He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He is a point guard for the Seattle super sonics.
He's a point guard.
Sure, Mary Harron wrote American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary has genre Romance
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote V for Vendetta and The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
He directed the Matrix Revolutions and Speed Racer.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. It is such a good movie. Have you seen it?
Rip Torn and Isaiah Berlin are in that movie.
It is a crime and drama film. I think you would like it.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama.
Yes, Audrey Tautou, Jamie Foxx and Ivana Radcliffe starred in the movie.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
He also starred in The Bounty Hunter, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Messenger. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did. He and McConaughey played in it as well.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Fault in Our Stars and The Power of Six. Have you seen either of those?
I would recommend Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
you are welcome
Taxi Driver is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine, have you seen that?
Enjoy!
Not much! I do know that he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, that's right. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes, they are very good. Are you a fan of the sport?
Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft star in the team. Do you like Tom Brady?
They are young-adult fiction. Have you seen the whole series?
Thank you. I will have to check that out.
Fantastic Beasts and To Kill a Mockingbird
Yes, it was written by John Kennedy and is an adventure film. Do you like that genre?
There are several stars in the film, one being George Clooney. Do you want to know more about the movie?
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
It was indeed! It is a beautiful novel. I highly recommend it.
It's a drama that was released in 1945.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Sitter and in The Fountain. Are you interested in thrillers?
It stars a romance and also a comedy. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Toy Story 3.
Happy to help!
I don't know too much about him but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not really sure about that, do you like table tennis?
No I do not.
It was so impressive. They have a lot of great players, like Matt Ross. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes they do, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco Giants
I do like the Rangers. I think a great team is a very good team though.
Not much, but I do know they're coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and Carolina Panthers. What about you?
Horse and His Boy isn't a drama, but it was written by James Patterson
You can try The Punisher. It is the next in the series from Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome.
I'm not very familiar with her work but would you like me to recommend other books by her?
Yes, she also wrote the book. She did write the screenplay for the movie. Have you seen it?
Okay! She also wrote In Her Shoes. I really like that one.
Me too!
Okay, great. You should give her a try!
Have a good day!
Yes. Odd THomas stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Well, it could be be considered a thriller. Another book you might enjoy is The Golden Compass, which was also made into a movie.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For. I do know that it was released in 1988.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was written in 1813, the same year as Sense and Sensibility.
Yes! It is a great film. Other actors are Zoey Deutch, Jane Austen and Jessie Davis.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might like The Exorcist or The House of Mirth. Do those sound good?
Yes, it was adapted from a book and written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Insurgent.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Do you like Sandra Bullock because she is an actress?
The Proposal has genre Romance and Comedy
You're welcome!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
Yes I do. Similar to Agatha Christie's They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of fiction and drama.
I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, I've seen it. It's a great Thriller.
I like Ralph Fiennes, too. He's a great actor, writer, and actress. She starred in a lot of TV shows but I would highly recommend it.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, are you interested in it?
Well, Red cliff is also a war film written by Luo Guillermo and was released in 2015.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction, Action and Adventure if you like that genre.
He's a great actor. He directed it and also directed It's a Science Fiction. Are you a fan of science fiction?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Sure, he directed The War of the Worlds and also The Modern Prometheus.
i believe so, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film as well. If you like Scott Pilgrim, you might like The War of the Worlds End.
I do not know Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright, but he also directed Shaun of the Dead
Good luck!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
I don't know. Is he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
He plays the point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers.
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year
I don't know much about him, but I know he won the 2012 Olympics. Are you interested in tennis?
I didn't know that. I know William Hurt and William Hurt were in The Dunblane school.
I agree, I love that tennis player, too. Would you like to know more about it?
He is a writer and a film producer. He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in McLibel.
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Are you familiar with his work?
It is considered children's literature.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He starred in The Skulls.
I agree. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in The Fast and the Furious.
I don't have that information. However, he is in The Fast and the Furious and he passed in Takers.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information on one of these?
It's a Comedy. It also stars Peter Krause and Mimi Smith.
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
No, I haven't. He's an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It is a romantic comedy released in 2012
Sure, there are a few psychological thrillers that you might like : Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels, Swept Away, and Snatch.
Sure, no problem!
Toy Story 3 was written by Joel Cohen and is a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I have that. There is a Toy Story and it is an animated movie written by John Lee Hancock.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Sounds like a good psychological thriller? Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do know it's a thriller/psychological thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The valley of hoarse
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like that one.
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Anytime! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series. Have you read it?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. It is in the same series as The Lost Hero. Are you familiar with either of those?
I don't know much about him. I do know he plays German football. Is he your favorite player?
I don't know much about him either. Did he play for Real Madrid?
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays midfielder.
not too much. who is your fav player on the team?
i like juventus. have a good day
OMG. I love that movie! I and watched it all too!
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
No, T.V Drama shows are mostly known for Drama movies and TV shows, like The Secret Life of Bees and Olympus.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
I've always liked American Treasure. Was that written by Oren Moverman?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
Yes that's great! She also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou that you might like.
Sure. I'll add this now.
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a fiction book. Do you like Grapes of Wrath?
The novel by John Steinbeckbeckbeck,The Secret River is a Fiction and Drama film that was released in 1991.
I know that Chelsea is a romantic comedy that was released in 2000.
Wow, I didn't know that! What else do you know about the team?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, though.
They play in London as well.
They're good. I like Pete Carroll. He's a great coach. What do you think?
I know he wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014 and it is in the English language.
That was also the year NARUto was released
Cool, you may like it
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
I don't know, but David Fincher also produced Zoolander. It is a crime Thriller if you like that kind of movie.
If you like crime Thrillers, then you might also enjoy Without a Trace. It is one of my favorites.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X Men.
I believe it is a Thriller/ Sci-Fi -Thriller.
I like super hero thrillers, do you like them?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was a great movie. It is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, his movies are very good. He also starred in X-Men: First Class and Underworld: Evolution. Have you seen those?
Great choice, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
You may have seen the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, it has genre in mystery, romance.
Sure
You're welcome!
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
Have you read True Believer or The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks to name a few?
The Wedding was a romantic comedy that was released in 2002.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel. I can recommend a good book for you if you like.
You are most welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
Yes, Mastering the Art of the Art of the Art of Paris is written by Peter Hyams. It's a novel as well.
Enjoy the book!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by John Carpenter and is a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and he was in Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in The Young Elites. what else can i do for you?
The author that wrote that book has also written Lolita.
It was written by Tim Burton. Would you like to know more about it?
I'd suggest Will Grayson, Will Grayson, and Glenn Plummer.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's similar to the author, Gillian Flynn.
The Scar is written by Elizabeth George Speare and a romance novel. Do you like mystery books?
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, he directed The Theory of Everything. Great movie!
The King is a drama and comedy movie directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is an American movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
He was in Angels & Demons. Would you like to hear more?
He was in The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by Nina Auerbach in Dracula?
Yes, Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I believe it was released in 2016. Have you read it?
Sure! Brave was directed by Steve Purcell, who also directed Brave. Would you like to see other films by him?
He also produced another movie called Zathura: A Space Adventure.
You're welcome!
I know he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I am not sure about that. Did you know Rio de Janeiro is from Brazil?
Yes he does
Yes, he is a great songwriter. I like his work The Bourne Identity. Are you interested in his work?
Yes. Have you read The Shadows? It's a great one.
It's a drama. Jeffrey DeMunn and Katherine Heigl are in it.
I'll add that right away.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I can't really follow cricket, what sport do you like?
It does look like they are playing well in other teams. Did you know Harbhajan Singh is the coach?
Yes, She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it!
I don't know. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Cookie was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
No, I do not. Is it the young adult fiction that you would like to know?
I don't think so. But Wild Cards is written in English.
Perfect Chemistry is written in English. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is a Psychological thriller. Are you interested in this genre?
Since you like comedies, I recommend Zoolander or Zoolander.
You should check out Zoolander as well it is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs is in the United States written by Walter Isaacson.
Wither is actually a part of a series called Wither. The Life and Times of Steve Jobs was also released in 2011. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure! She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun which is a good read as well.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
Yes, that was written by Nicolas Sparks. Are you interested in the book or the book?
Yes, True Believer is by Nicholas Sparks. Other books by him are Three Cups of Tea.
It is called True Believer and was released in 2001. Would you like to hear more about The Last Song?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Levinson is a great Cowboys coach. Are you looking for something like that?
He sure does, but I don't know much about the Cowboys as well. Are they your favorite team?
Yeah, they definitely made it to a play on the New York Trilogy.
Yes, he's an author, an athlete and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire, an indie film.
I would suggest The Invasion, or The House of Sand.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Harper Lee
You are welcome. Enjoy.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
Yes. I believe he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I know Serena Williams is a tennis player from the Manchester United F.C.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is one of my favorite artists. I know she wrote and sang This Love and also Moves like Jagger.
Sure, another musician with the same name is David Kroos.
Kick Ass starred Nicolas Cage and Chloe Grace Moretz.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
He also directed and starred in the movie Kick-Ass.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a thriller and Nicolas Cage is in the comedy genre.
He was the first movie in the Lord of War.
You're welcome.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
I like him. I know he is a good writer. I like him as well.
That's very cool. I like him as an author and poet.
The Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama film starring Jodi Foster and Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is also a comedy, but it is very funny.
Great! Enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in Quantum of Solace.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Mask and RoboCop 3. Have you seen those?
Sure. Schindler's List is a romantic comedy. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome
I think there is a book about the Greatgatsby, would you like to know about other books in the series?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
I like fiction in general. The Fault in Our Stars is another great one.
Certainly. Have a great day.
Sure, it's a children's book written by Mark Twain. It's also considered children's literature.
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those?
Sure! It was released in 1987. She also wrote La sombra del viento.
Oh great! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Of course, she is an actress, she starred in The Muppets. Have you seen that movie?
It was released the same year as Hayley Atwell
The Muppets is a drama film starring Amy Poehler, Kristen Stewart
I am not sure, but she has a real name similar to her.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
i don't know much about him. I'm a Padres fan. Have you seen him play?
Then I'll have to watch it now!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I would recommend The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues, both great books.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in the Fault in Our Stars.
Absolutely! I think you might like Wildwood Dancing or Looking for Alaska.
Yes, Lois Lowry wrote it.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Speculative fiction.
The Giver is a speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. Do you like the genre?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
There are many titles such as Ashes to Ashes and The Souls of Blackbird Pond.
Emma Stone is in that movie. It was released in 2011 and directed by David Ayer.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
It stars Samuel L. Jackson and is a drama, do you like Pulp Fiction?
He's also on The Fault in Our Stars and The Plains of Passage.
I agree. Silent Hill is a great Horror movie. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Major League II. Have you watch either of those?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should definitely watch her music. She's a very talented person.
I'm not too familiar with her music but I agree with you on that. She has a good voice.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1956. Definitely a good read!
Sure! House is a good one, have you heard of it?
Alison Doody has been in A View to a Kill, A prayer for the Dying, and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Directed by Philip Kaufman
Sean Connery and River Phoenix starred in the Last Crusade
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House by John Green.
You're welcome
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is in English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! Did you know he also starred in The Muse?
I think you might like The Muse, it is also a Comedy.
Enjoy!
I love movies with Steve Carell in them. Did you know that?
Great. Do you want to know more about Steve Carell?
Yeah, Zach Galifianakis is in that. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Into the Wild as well as Into the Wild. Have you tried those?
Susan Meissner wrote a novel called Maleficent. It is considered a historical novel.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like similar recommendations?
Yes, Rick Hoffman also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. I think you would like that one.
You are welcome. You are welcome.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the AFL much. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the XXXVIII. Do you like the Patriots?
You're right, and Gisele was a great player as well.
He had some good movies like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tour.
Ant Man has a genre of Adventure? Is that the genre you prefer?
I have Sherlock Holmes and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Any other recommendations you would like by J.R.R. Tolkien?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was a romantic comedy and it was released in 2013. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure. There is another movie with Pearl Harbor that you might like
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you have a favorite Harry Potter film?
There is. It is directed by Chris Columbus as well.
Gremlins wrote that. I don't have any more information on that.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think he's a pretty good basketball player. Who's your favorite player?
Not sure about him. Is he a good player for the basketball team?
Yes. It's one of my favorite basketball movies. I liked Space Jam.
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science, similar to The Immortal Life.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The team's coach is John Fox
Yes Packer is a football team.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
The Apostle is a romantic comedy film and some other movie stars include Miranda Richardson and Michael Arndt.
Enjoy your movie!
I don't know much about him. Is he married to Hailey Baldwin?
I believe he did. He's a great golfer.
He was in Wag the Dog which was a very funny movie.
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked the Sci-Fi genre, you might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Matrix Revolutions.
Stephen K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau. I think you might like it.
My pleasure. I hope you enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I do follow football because I have heard of Drew Brees. He is a good athlete.
Did you know Wesley Snipes also starred in Screwed and Snatch?
I haven't personally read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that your favorite genre?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is Young-adult fiction.
Sure, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a similar book. It was written by Joseph Heller.
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
Another great children's book is A Walk to Remember. It's an adventure.
Yes, he also wrote Ant-Man and The Perfect Storm.
Yes. He also wrote Cars with Charley: In Search of America and The Perfect Score.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Winslet.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't really know much about the Texans, but Aaron Rodgers has won 3 Super Bowls.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. Would you be interested in any of his other games?
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I can tell you she's the author of the Historian if that's the genre you'd like?
I don't have that information but I do know that she is a French author who wrote The Historian. Would you like to know more?
You are most welcome.
Have you read A Little Princess? It's a great book.
Yes, the book is in the genre of Winnie-the-Pooh is children's literature, and was released in 1982.
Yes, it is. It is in the Speculative Fiction genre, and was released in 2008.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I don't really follow sports much but I do know Jay-Z is owned by Jay-Z.
I don't know much about Jason Kidd, but I do know he was in the NBA Finals.
I don't know much about the Greek Freak.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, Wonder Boys was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, they both are co-authored by Nick Cassavetes.
The Road is a part of a series. The next in the series is Road to Perdition. Have you read that?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both Science fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He normally does Tragedy.
I'm not sure about that but he did write science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Then you might also enjoy That Thing You Do!
There are several books similar to Larry Crowne, including That Thing You Do!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes shes a great writer. She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read them?
Me either. She is a pretty good writer. She won her a Prism Award for Drama.
I do like the show! You may also like Xenocide if you like action show.
I'm not sure, but it also starred Tom Everett and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes, 30 Rock is actually a satire show and also starred by John Ratzenberger.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Woody Harrelson is an author and he's a pacifist. But, I can't say who's like.
Yeah. I didn't know that. I know she plays the forward position. That's right.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, me too. I like her because she is a great singer. I also like Tik Tok and Die Young.
If you like Yellow Submarine, you might like Tropic Island Hum.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, and it was released in 1998. Would you like any more information about Beatrice Sparks?
It was. Same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
No problem!
Ray Bradbury is known for writing The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with this genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury. He also wrote Wintersmith.
Of course! You're welcome.
Enjoy!
Yes I do he directed Freakonomics. He also directed Horrible Bosses.
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like comedy?
He plays soccer, but I don't know much more.
Really, I don't know much about soccer but I do know he is married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger actually starred in The Terminator and Treasure Planet. Would you like to hear more?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role as True Lies.
Ella Enchanted is a children's movie written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Speculative fiction
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is a children's literature
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Hayao Miyazaki.
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
William Lucking and Janet Jackson are also in that film.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856.
I do not know when it was published, but it's a Sci-Fi novel.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi book. If you haven't read it I recommend Xenocide.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was. It is a Thriller
I have not seen that movie I have heard of it.
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
I can do that. The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent are two of my favorites.
Yes, it is. I recommend it for you.
Peter pan is a good one.
It was released in 1904.
No, there are several writers for that book. My apologies.
No, I don't have any information on that, but I do know that it was published in French.
Enjoy your reading!
The Professor is a film similar to William H. Macy
It's considered more Gothic Fiction than Gothic Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He also wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you seen either of those?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with today?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a young adult fiction.
I recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both are considered urban fantasy.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really. I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you like Serena?
Sounds cool! Did you know they also play in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Blake Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Are you a fan?
Oh, I don't follow him. Who plays for the Pistons?
Haha, I am more of a basketball fan myself.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Thrillers similar to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
You are welcome. Have a good day
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Sissy Spacek. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was. She was also in The Help, which was a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Viola Davis has been in such films as X-Men, World War Z, and The Help.
Joseph Kosinski directed The Ghostbusters which is a really good movie.
Yes he did its an all-star musicals. I would highly recommend it.
Yes he did, and he also starred in The Third Generation.
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Flannery O'Conroy wrote Anna Karenina?
Children's literature
Your welcome.
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton has also starred in Zodiac, The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Absolutely! Robert Duvall and James Franco are also in it. It's a very good one!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. What else can i answer for you?
Enjoy
I know she wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
There are many books in this genre that you might like, Z for Zachariah, xXx, and xXx: State of the Union. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop. Do you like Crime movies?
He also directed SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 1979.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Sam Claffin.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
Definitely, Undertow is written by Stephenie Meyer and is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Pat Healy also starred in Shutter Island and The Fugitive.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Sure, the Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman
Enjoy!
Glad to help.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a great film. If you like Public Enemies, you might also like Aeon Flux.
Sure! I think you might enjoy Wag the Dog or The Secret Life of Bees.
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, Isn't that who you mean?
Patrick Swayze was also in Total Recall.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. What's your favorite team?
Oh. Didn't they win the World Series?
I like the Dallas Mavericks. What about you?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer.
Sure. She starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Perfect Score, and The Return of the King.
Yes. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes! He is a good Table Tennis player. Are you a fan of his?
Yup, he's from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, that's correct. He was in it and also in The Iron Giant. Have you seen that one?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Do you like those books?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure. He has written The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, and Sense and Sensibility.
Its a fiction novel.
The Hunt for Red October and the movie is written by Tom Clancy. Do you like him?
It is a Romance and Historical Fiction.
You're very welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zoolander and starred in it. Do you like the genre?
Yeah, he was. I really liked him in World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Yes, they were both in that comedy. Ben Stiller did a great job in that movie.
Very excited! Enjoy!
That's a great song. She's friends with Madonna and I like all the songs by her.
I think I have heard of that. Isn't that a horror song?
That would have to be a good one. I have never seen it before. Is that a comedy?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a book written by Liisa Garner, and released in 2012.
Yes, The Terminal is considered a comedy-drama, a comedy-drama and Sci-Fi starring Kevin Spacey.
Sure, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
Great Escape came out in 2014. What else can I do for you?
Great! It was written by Rick Riordan. I recommend it for you.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella. Do you like the author or genre?
Diane Keaton is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
George Lucas wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
Yes it is an adventure film
Sure, here it is!
Yes, I think he's a great player. I don't know much about him but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
Oh, it's funny. I'm a big fan of tennis. I really like his sister Serena.
He was! I didn't know that! What kind of sport do you like?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead.
Sure. Check out Star Wars. It's a Science Fiction movie.
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky and Jess Harnell.
Yes, she was. She was also in The Skulls.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend another movie written by Stephen Chbosky.
No problem.
Yes I do. It's written by Anne Rice, and stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also stars in the X-Men series of Wilde
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
I prefer the St Louis Cardinals but I find it interesting that Magic Johnson owns the Dodgers.
Yes they do. There is a goof team there with the Dodgers.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants played a lot of games. I believe the Giants were a great team.
Yes they are. I am a huge fan of the Dodgers.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation with either of them?
Then you might enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna. She starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Enjoy!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in an Action/Adventure film called The Phantom. He also starred in Scanners, which is a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen it?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Tony Cox and Rosario Dawson. You might also like it, it is a family movie.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It's an action film. Would you like me to send it to you?
Sure! World War Z is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She's a great author. She's written The Good Earth which is also a film.
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-White is a romance film.
No problem, enjoy!
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like basketball. I also like college football.
I like both football and soccer
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Tyler Perry, Anne Hathaway, Kirsten Dunst and Holly Hunter.
Alan Arkin has been in many great films. I think you would like The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Her current ranking is No. 1 in singles.
You are welcome, thank you!
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Green Mile and The Mouse on the Mile. Have you read them?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is Fantasy and it is written in English
If you enjoy reading The Two Princesses of Bamarre, I recommend that!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West division. Do you follow them?
I do not know that they are in the NFC south. Do you like football?
I agree, and he is a free agent.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He's on the Argentina national football team.
Well, I agree, they have good players.
Certainly! What kind of books do you like? Jeff Kinney, the author of Diary of a Wimpy Kid:Greg Heffley's Journal, also wrote The Long Haul
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should read it.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by James Dashner. Are you familiar with his work?
Have you seen Apocalypto? It stars Mel Gibson. He also wrote and directed it.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and William Hurt.
Sure, no problem!
I certainly can! Of course there are the sequels if you haven't seen those. The Harry Potter films fall into the same genre, along with The Hunger Games films. All were very popular. Have you seen any of them?
I would recommend The Giver. It's young adult fiction.
You are welcome.
Yes, you are right. Anything else I can help you with?
I love the author. It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003.
Yea, she wrote quite a few. She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction novel.
Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Cool, it is written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the screenplay. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It stars Tom Amandes and Zoey Deutch. Do you like them?
You are welcome.
Not really. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. Are you a fan?
I like Shakira more a little. She has a nice voice, don't you think? She's a lot of a classic.
Did you know he's in a romantic relationship with Justin Timberlake?
I'm not really a fan of co-writers, but I know he wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote The Man Man and Iron Man. Have you read those?
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was written by Stephen King and is considered a thriller.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's romantically in love with Rory McIlroy
Yes she is very talented and has a lot of tennis players like Serena and Venus.
Yes, they are amazing. Do you have a favorite sport?
The New York Knicks is a great basketball team. I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good small forward too.
I did watch that one too! Who's your favorite player?
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I do watch football. I like Manchester United F.C. and the Kansas City Cheifs. I like American football.
It is a great movie. You should definitely watch it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Its a Historical fiction book
He also wrote The Water is Wide
You're welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Craig T. Nelson wrote it. He's a great writer.
Yes, Fear Nothing is a Fiction and Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Oh yes! That's a great book written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Spaghetti is also a great Sci-Fi movie.
Unfortunately, I don't have anymore info on that. I'm sorry.
It is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Sure, have you watch To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate? They are dramas.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and released in 1960.
A new version of the Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know him
Apparently he is from Dallas. Do you like his music?
Andy Murray is a great player, what do you think?
I like tennis and baseball. I am a big fan of Serena Williams. How about you?
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg and Serena Williams. What do you think?
Sure! She has a few books. You might want to try Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you heard of it?
I highly recommend it. It's young adult fiction
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. I think you're a big fan of Britney Spears. Did you know she was in the movie Friends?
I like Sia Furler, too! I like a lot of pop music but I'm more of a classic rock person.
She is a good Lyricist as well. I can't think of any of her songs right now.
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that with Simon McBurney.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist and Sense of Snow.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well! Do you like him?
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone!
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Have you seen it?
Sure! It's a fantasy film that was released in 2003 and directed by James Cameron. Do you like his work?
Yes. Kevin Zegers also starred in the Science Fiction film Zoom. It's a great movie.
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote the Shopaholic series
Yes, she does. I like dramas too. Have you ever seen a movie?
Sure, enjoy the book!
Sure, enjoy the book!
I know he plays cricket. But that's about it, I don't watch much myself.
I don't know a fan, but I do know he plays on the India national cricket team.
Well, I'm not a big football fan but I've heard a lot about it. I'd like to learn more about it then.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has written Sharp Objects but I do know that it was released in 2010 - just like Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2015. Another great suspense book is Sharp Objects.
Yes! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like that genre?
Kevin Corrigan and Michael Stuhlbarg starred in Warcraft.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
They are a pretty good baseball team. What's your opinion?
Wow, I had no idea. Who is their quarterback again?
No, I haven't. It sounds like fun! I'll have to go there!
That's good. That's a great team!
It came out in 2013, but I'm not sure.
Yes, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
Sure, Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another popular one.
It is children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is. He won the 2010 PGA Championship and also the 2010 Masters Tournament
Ah I see. He is a great golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Oh yeah! I loved that drama! It was also a comedy with Ben Stiller.
Sweet! I liked that movie. We bought a Zoo is a great comedy.
The Time Machine is a place to start.
It was released in 1980 and The Time Machine was actually released that year.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it was written by Harold Ramis who also wrote Zombieland
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The movie A Space Odyssey is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Does it sound interesting to you?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is very talented, isn't he?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
Of course, the Yankees are a very popular team in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003.
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 1990. Are you a fan of that genre?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in that movie, do you like them?
A recent one is Bright, directed by Peter Hyams. Have you heard of it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes! The Buccaneers are a businessperson as well!
Yes, they both have a good chance. Would you like to know more about them too?
Sure. The Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Would you like more movies based on this?
He also starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita. Have you seen either of those?
Creed is a comedy film directed by Joel Coen, starring Matt Damon and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a comedy-drama released in 2012. It's also a film.
You're welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor. Did you know he stars in a lot of movies?
Nicole Kidman and Xander Berkeley are in it.
He also played in the thriller Breakfast at Tiffany's
The author is Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel.
Sure! Gothic Fiction is always a good choice. Some other great examples of this genre are Wuthering Heights and Xenocide.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
Have you seen Jurassic World? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
Cloverfield is actually a thriller, so you might like Shark Night.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I think you're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes! It is considered a drama, as well as a comedy.
That was a great one! I think you'd enjoy it too.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
mascot is the Staples Center and he was a runner up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Have you ever seen the Cowboys play at AT&T Stadium?
He has directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is starring Harrison Ford and I really like the movie. Are you familiar with the actor's work?
It is a Zodiac Thriller starring Sean Connery.
Gillian Flynn. She's the author of Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places. I don't have any information on his books, but I do know that he wrote Woody Allen though.
I don't know any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but I do know that he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
I like science fiction. I am going to add these to my list. Thanks for the information!
Great. Enjoy your book!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete. He plays cricket in India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you like cricket?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I have not, but I would like to. I like to. I'm more of an American Football fan. Have you been to any of his games?
Ray Winstone is my favorite. Who's yours? I think yours?
You bet!
I think they are a great NBA team. Do you watch a lot of basketball?
It is both. Looper is in the genre of sci-fi. Have you seen it?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. If you like Warlock you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. If you like zombie movies, you might also try Zombieland.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Tender is the Night, The Beautiful and Damned, etc.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure about when they came out, but I guess it's a good read.
Yes. It does have a English translation and is in English.
My pleasure. Hope you enjoy!
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
She is a tennis player. She has also played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you seen that?
Yes, Williams is great and her sister Serena is great as well! Do you know anything about her?
Yes I love it. I do like Serena Williams.
I agree! I like to watch the Super Bowl a lot.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams?
Tennessee Williams also directed Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Have you seen it?
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a fiction novel with a lot of mystery. Do you like those types of books? If so, I would suggest The Likeness.
No problem enjoy.
I know he's an author that has a lot of books. He wrote such as Thirteen Moons and The Cold Light of Day.
Hmmm, I'm not showing what film he has directed, but he also directed Ice Storm which is a romantic comedy.
Sure, David Ayer acted in Harsh Times as a thriller.
Sure, you might like The Prestige and The Dark Knight
No problem
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
The New England Patriots, the Minnesota Vikings, and the Redskins, just to name a few. Do you have a favorite football team ?
I like the New England Patriots, but my husband's love the New England Patriots.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
The Social Network starred Justin Timberlake and Rashida Jones
The Social Network is a Biographical Drama and I'm not sure about The Other Boleyn Girl.
It was released in 2010. It has a great cast, and is a great movie.
It's considered a drama and a biography.
2010 is the sequel to The Social Network. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that. But Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm. Did you know she also starred in The Crazies?
He also wrote The Ice Storm which is a thriller.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction as well as a Young-adult fiction. He wrote a book called Eldest.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, it's similar to Zoe's Tale. Would you like to hear of a similar book?
Yes, I have. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she was born in Honolulu.
I think the only information I have on that information is that it was the number 1 team in the US.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and also a scientist.
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with that?
Robin's work was amazing! Have you seen him in Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a classic.
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's in the same drama genre.
We Bought A Zoo stars Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Cameron Crowe.
Sure, I'll add that.
You are a fan of the Homer. The Simpsons is written by the famous, Thomas Lennon. Have you read it?
Sure. Another example of an interesting book is Xenocide.
Yes, they are both great poems.
I like the Seahawks but my favorite team is the Redskins
That's true, it was a great Super Bowl XXVIII was a great game.
No, they haven't played the Ravens yet, I hope they will make it to the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes it's a very good movie. I can tell you that it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in the movies like Miss Congeniality and Two Weeks Notice. Do you like his movies?
Sure, that was made into a movie that stars George Clooney and Sandra Bullock as well.
I like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is not the latest book, but it was released in 1966.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're Welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, if you liked Colin Farrell in a comedy genre. He also starred in Minority Report and in Women in Love.
I really like Seven Psychopaths as well, which is in the genre of sci-fi. I think you'll enjoy those.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, he starred in the movie What's Your Number? a football movie.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I believe that's the one. Have you seen it?
I agree. Matt Schulza was great in Underdog. I think you would like that one.
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book.
Ok, if you like that genre, you should give The Giver or The Giver.
No problem!
Not really, I am not a big golf fan. All I know is he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
I didn't know that. Is he a team owner?
Yes, it is. Do you like football? I can't say that's the same thing.
Yes, I like her. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a comedy. Do you like comedy genres?
Yes, she is known for her poetry, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings is also by Maya Angelou.
Sure, it was first published in 1982. Same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
Sure, I can. I hope you enjoy them!
I think he is most famous for writing War and Peace.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes. It is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg and Rosemary's Baby. Have you seen it?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I'm not really a soccer fan.
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder. Do you like football?
Yeah that was great, I'm a big football fan. What's that movie?
Doctor Zhivago is a drama film
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a great speculative fiction
It is a great book, written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It was released in 2008.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I'm not sure about other romance novels, but Ray Bradbury also wrote The Martian Chronicles
I know that it was released in the year 1974
You are welcome
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Definitely. Grown Ups is a great movie. It's a comedy too. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Frida. She is a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more about those?
Yes, Shark Night is a thriller. Also a great movie.
Great. Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. I think you would like it.
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 1992 and 1996 games.
Yes he is, and he is from Santo Domeno too.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was directed by Tim Burton. Would you like to hear more movies starring Brad Pitt?
Yes. The Avengers, X-Men are some big ones if you like Thor.
OK. He starred in some great films, like The Incredible Hulk, Thor and The Avengers.
I would recommend The X-Men series if you have not.
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. I can tell you that Eric Brees wrote and directed the movie The Butterfly Effect. It is listed as a horror/comedy.
Sure, he also wrote and produced A Christmas Carol starring J.C. Spink. Have you heard of this one?
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction Mystery that was released in 1994. I recommend the film for you.
You're welcome. Happy to help.
Yes, she's a great artist. I have been a fan since she was in the movie Crossroads.
Kevin Zegers was in Pauly Shore is Dead. He also starred in Jerry Maguire. Have you seen it?
It was a drama movie that also starred Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
I don't have that information, but he did write Fantasy and Thriller if that interests you.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Matt Damon starred in this movie as well and was released in 2014.
Yes, it's a good movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Shia LaBeouf is the starring in it. It's a war film.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes i think so! Another book by Deidre Shauna Lynch is Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, he did. If you like speculative fiction, you may enjoy Persuasion.
Sure! It's written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her. Have you read it?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that it was written in English.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is a great movie. Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder also a Romantic Comedy.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Would you like to hear more about that?
You are welcome.
I think they are a good team. They lost their game today by 3 points.
Not really. I think Brett Favre is a great coach. Isn't he a good player?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. They have some terrible games, what's yours?
I believe The Plain Truth is a similar book to My Sister's Keeper.
There is another book by Jodi Picoult called The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I do! He is a great player. Did you know he plays for the Germany national football team?
I heard Thomas Müller is a great player, and they also are part of the Germany national football team.
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy series, but I do know that they are both part of the series The Golden Compass.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Tom Benson and Drew Brees are a few players. Do you like any of them?
No problem
Yes she is
Yes. I would like to know more about that.
Wow, I had no idea. I do know U.S. Women's Open was written by Terry Pratchet.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Bodyguard starred Kevin Costner and was a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, it was released in 1995.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yeah, he has a wonderful voice. I think he is one of the best Choreographyography.
I don't think so. I think he is now a musician.
Do you like animated Disney films?
Have you seen the Star Wars trilogy?
The Running Man and The Maze Runner are both good Adventure films.
She wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Yes, that's a great book! I have not, is there anything else I can help you with?
I will do that. You are welcome.
I like Rafael Nadal, he's a great tennis player. He's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great choice! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892.
Glad I could help!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Z for Zachariah is a good mystery book. Have you read it?
Happy to help!
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth as well as was released in 2012. Are you familiar with her work?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. It was released in 2012.
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a science fiction book that was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Anytime!
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
Synthpop and Rock. Do you like alternative rock?
I dont think so. Do you know if she does have a band?
I think you will like the movie Thor a lot. They are a great movie. Have you seen the whole series?
Sure! He also starred in The Garden of Eden. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend you checking it out.
Where There's Smoke is a book that was released in 2015. Have you read it?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
I don't know a whole lot but I know he plays soccer for Real Madrid.
Yes, I do like the Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
The Patriots are my favorite team! What is yours?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I don't know a lot about football but I know I'm a fan of Darryl Hannah. He's a great player.
I don't know too much about the Browns, but I do know he's a good coach. Just like the Browns.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show, which is a Crime Fiction Film
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness.
I know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like her too! Have you seen her movie Spring Breakers
Of course! Lois Lowry is a similar book.
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it is a great book. It was written by Orson Scott Card and is a Science Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. She wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote Charlotte's Web which is a documentary film. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Sure, I can help with that. Bradly Cooper starred in Warcraft and The Pacifier. Would you like to know more about those?
Pauly Shore is a good one. Have you heard of him?
Sure! Submarine is a film that was released in 1999 and directed by Richard Condon.
He is an excellent actor. He was in Star Wars!
Anytime!
Sure. This book is written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and Mostly Harmless. Both are excellent!
Yes, it was released in 1996 and was directed by Adams. It's a Science Fiction as well as Speculative fiction.
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Adams as well.
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can assist with today?
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
I like Nsync, he's a great rapper. Do you like them?
I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan but I like the Buffalo Bills.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was a linebacker. He was a midfielder.
I do. I like basketball. My favorite sport is Basketball. What's yours?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is an action movie similar to TRON: Legacy.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. The Silence of the Lambs is also in the Suspense genre.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is an action movie released in 2013. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Twig the Dog is a comedy and a great movie, have you seen it?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is a comedy. Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's right. He also starred in the Harry Potter series. Do you like fantasy movies?
You might also enjoy Rebecca and Shooting the Past.
The Pianist is a drama film written and directed by David Fincher. He also directed The Maltese Falcon.
You are welcome!
I haven't really followed her but I do enjoy watching her play. Is she a good tennis player?
No I didn't know that. What genre is that?
Yes. It also stars Sean Penn, and is a classic.
I haven't seen it. Who else is in it?
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller. Are you interested in those?
You might like Wuthering Heights, xXx: State of the Union.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read Under the Tuscan Sun? It's a great book.
It was written by A.A. Milne. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Enjoy.
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It also is in the genre of Horror Fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might also like Zoe's Tale.
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she has also starred in movies as well? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yes, it was good. It was also produced by Madonna. She is a musician as well.
Yes that's correct. It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
Yeah, you should watch that one too. She's very good in it!
That's cool. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
I don't know, but I do know that it was produced by Joel Silver.
Of course! You are welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Sure, he wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as a few.
Wildwood Dancing is a good one.
It's written by Agatha Christie and is a Crime Fiction.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He is. He was also in Larry Crowne. That one is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn.
It is a drama film directed by Tom Hardy and Evan Rachel Wood was released in 2012.
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and The Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Harry Shearer, William Apocalypse Now and William H Macy, to name a few.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a comedy starring Matt Damon.
Of course! Other thrillers I can recommend are; Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Yes I do. She's a great writer. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Have you read it?
Sarah Parish and Rufus Sewell. Are you familiar with these actors?
It is a fantasy comedy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are a good team. Who are your favorite Patriots?
Beatty is a good coach. He won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Zoe Kravitz star in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, she did and it also has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
Yes, Jodie Foster also starred in Justice league and he is a good actress
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt also starred in The Brave One.
You're welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 1936
We Were Liars is a comedy-drama written in 2014. Another good read I highly recommend that one.
You're very welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Sure, it's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes! Unknown is also a film. It's a biography.
Yes it was. He also directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Ok, I'll add it for you.
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
He is a midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales from the Cardiff region.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyracist, singer, and songwriter.
I like her music but I'm more of a rock fan.
I'm sorry, I do not know much about her music. I'm sorry.
I have not, but it's written by Anne Tyler. Are you a fan?
I have not, but I know it is written by Anthony Hopkins and is considered a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like him in that one. Do you know if it is similar to The Silence of the Lambs?
Emily Griffin is an author who wrote The Wedding Date. Have you read that?
It was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
Yes, it is a movie. Emily Griffin also starred in it, and it is a comedy.
You're welcome
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it is in English.
I think so, Zoe's Tale is a Speculative science fiction.
Your welcome
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He is born in Warsaw. Do you like football?
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Written in English, the author of The Queen is Kiera Cass' writting. It was released in 2011.
Okay, I hope you enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
X-men is an action film. Similar movies would be Terminator Salvation and Resident Evil.
I agree, Action films are very good. You might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you heard of it?
Hugh Jackman and Vincent D'Onofrio are in it. Do you like them?
I agree! Tom Hanks is a great actor. I wonder if he did!
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you read those?
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues."
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's part of a series. The next in the series is A Man Named Jackie. Have you heard of it?
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point Book is a Non-fiction book. Its that the genre you are looking for?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
White House Down is a great action film
Ed Harris is the star of Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I can. Enjoy the movie.
Sure! The Magician's Nephew is a great one. You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia if you like Speculative fiction.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1951. It's part of the series The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's married to Gisele. Did you know he was born in Mumbai?
No, I haven't. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, he starred in the movie This is 40, have you seen it?
You should check out The White Album, it is a Romantic Comedy
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written Endgame: The Calling.
You are welcome. It's a great book.
You are welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He did write the book Disclosure. Does that interest you?
hes written a lot of science fiction books
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like American Football, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Then I also like basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes, he is both a writer and a writer. He also wrote "Go Further."
Sometimes a Great Notion is a comedy film written and directed by Sissy Spacek.
Sure! You may be interested in "The Gathering Storm" or "Breathing Lessons."
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a co-authors who wrote The Alchemist which is similar. Do you like the genre?
He is a prolific writer. He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Silver Chair.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, G.O. Tom Brady is an American professional football player for the New England Patriots of the Year.
Matt Damon and Dan Scanlon starred in it. Do you like them?
Eva Mendes starred in the comedy Tropic Thunder, The Secret Life of Bees
Yes it is a great movie. It is a war movie and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was the lead in American Sniper. He was also in the movie Armageddon. Have you seen it yet?
It is considered a drama and a comedy. It's very funny
Anytime! Enjoy!
I do! What's your favorite movie by him?
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller.
You might like The Handmaid's Tale which is also a great one if you like comedy.
You might also like The Notebook by Robert De Niro.
Sure. It also stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
It's an excellent choice. It will be considered a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do and also in That Thing You Do!
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, do you want me to add it to your list?
You're very welcome!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson starred in Wreck-It Ralph, which is also in the fantasy genre.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
They are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, you are right. Another team in that year is the Dallas Cowboys. They've been good this year.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, who is your favorite team!
Good for them on winning the World Series although I am not a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know that John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
Me either but I'm more of a fan of New Jersey.
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out!
John Seelye wrote The True Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Would you like me to recommend movies similar to Divergent?
Legend of Tarzan and The Way of the Gun are similar movies
you're welcome.
Sure, Do you like J.K. Rowling's work or just thrillers?
Goonies starred Robert Davi, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and Robert Davi.
Yes she is! I love her music. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Okay, I'll have to check out the music video for a while.
I don't know, but I'm sure she is quite popular as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you referring to the book The Namesake written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I do. There is a lot of fiction in that genre, including World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Wolf Brother.
I do like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat. Do you like Dr. Seuss books?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Therese Raquin
Yes, It was released in 1999
Valiant and Ubik to name a few
Yes
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I don't really know much about the Redskins, who is their quarterback this year?
Sure! Never let me go is written by the same author who also wrote The Firm. Would you like that one?
He also wrote Never let me go which is another science-fiction as well.
Yes! He has made some films into movies. I think they would be best known to be a film producer.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them!
Ruben Fleischer directed Gangster Squad. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
It was released in 1942
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
I've not read Luftslottet som sprängdes, written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You might enjoy Män som hatar kvinnor. It is in the crime genre.
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Sure, he directed Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo
From what I can tell he's only starred in the movie Akira Kurosawa
Two similar movies are Yojimbo and Ran. Is there something else I can help you with?
Anytime! Enjoy.
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
Confessions has genre Drama. what else can i do for you?
you have Horton Hears a Who! what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
They're a good NFL team. Their coach is Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite football team?
Do you like the Redskins? I also like Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he sings a very nice song. He wrote Dancing on the Dream which is one of my favorites.
Yes, I have. There is also a movie starring Men in Black II that is a sci-fi, action and adventure film.
He was also in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yeah i like Scream. Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Then you might like World War Z, or Walking Tall. Do you like those?
Brad Pitt also produced a great film, I think you would really enjoy it as well.
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
They're a good team. If you like Orioles, you'll like the Orioles series.
Okay. They're only one game up in the AFC east right now.
He is most famous for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is a science fiction film directed by Brian Grisham. Do you like science fiction movies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes, you are correct. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
That's a great movie! It was written by Stephen Sommers.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
It was released in 1986, the same year that  1.  1 is written by Adams
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has genre Speculative fiction, if you are interested in that one.
ok great, enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Joseph Conrad. Would you like to know more about it?
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Great! Marlon Brando starred in a lot of Marlon Brando's movies, including The Godfather Part II, and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he has written so many great movies.
You might also enjoy The Godfather II, or The House of Mirth.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. They're my favorite football team.
Oh wow, I know that. What sport do you like?
Who is their coach? I know he's from Pittsburgh too.
I don't have a big fan of football but I do know they are in the AFC South division. Are they a good team?
Ok, I'm a huge fan of Drew Brees. I'm a Bears fan myself!
I like baseball too! I'm a Dodgers fan.
Yes, this movie is starring Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in and produced Beautiful Creatures, which is a romantic film. Do you like romantic films?
You Again is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Debra Winger.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, the genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Well, it's in the genre of a book. I can tell you that it's called Apocalypto.
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and is in the Speculative genre.
Will do. Enjoy!
You may want to check out Zoom, starring Thomas F. Wilson.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
He is a country singer, do you like him?
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like that genre?
He released a few years ago in Nashville. He's considered one of my favorite singers.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It's a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. If you like that, I recommend you see it.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 2002. Also by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Do you like Army/Navy because it's a sci-fi?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I think Mike Tomlin is a coach. Isn't he a good coach? I think Mike Tomlin is an amazing coach.
I didn't know that! Isn't he from Philadelphia?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Jenna Boyd were in it. I love her.
Certainly! Have a great day.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law.
That was a great year for poetry.
Yes, she is a great writer. Do you like her work?
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas. Do you like novels?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob.
Yes. If you like Defending Jacob, you might like The Book of Mormon.
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like science fiction?
It was released in 1897
Your welcome
Sure, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tragedy of Julius Caesar and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a comedy-drama written by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
The Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Cool, enjoy the film!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also by Khaled Hosseini. Have you read it?
Great, enjoy!
All I know is that he's in the NBA. He's a point guard for the Miami Heat.
Sure! He is a great Director, Film Producer and actor. He also directed Whiplash and The Silence of the Lambs.
It is a romantic drama film and film about the life of a young girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure! The Situation is a 2004 American suspense thriller film, starring Connie Nielsen and Chris Hemsworth.
Sure! Added the movie to your watch list.
He is. He was influenced by Zombieland, the broncos
I can tell you it is a comedy-drama that also stars Seth Rogen
I remember Mila Kunis in Who's the Boss? She was in that too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The House of Mirth.
Sure! You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in the Star Trek series.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
The stars of Wackness & Zach Galifianakis, Jennifer Lawrence and Roscoe Lee Browne.
I hope you enjoy it!
If you like Treasure Island I recommend The Man in the Iron Mask or RoboCop 3. Have you read those?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are two great books by him.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else by him.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Sure, Jack London starred in Toy Story 3. It is an adventure film.
Yes, that's correct. He had a great starring in that.
Enjoy your movie!
Sure! The Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thrillers?
He was in the comedy Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in that as well! James Franco also starred in Seth Rogen as well.
He was also in Silent Running.
I'm not sure about when Shadows and Lies was released.
Yes she is most famous for writing Frankenstein. Have you ever read it?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English and is also a great Romance novel.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It is a psychological thriller. Are you interested in that genre?
There are several stars in that movie, including Brad Pitt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a German author. Would you like to know more about him?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Yes he directed The Siege. Its genre is Thriller/Drama is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, you are correct. Denzel Washington starred in The Siege. He's a great actor.
Yes, Denzel was in Thor, another great movie. Have you seen that one?
You're right. Snoop was in Training Day. He was great in The Prestige.
Yes he was in that as well.
You're welcome.
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I like baseball too! What is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
I don't have that information unfortunately, but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. World Without End and Once Upon a Time in America are a few more great movies by him.
Yes, Enjoy and Have a great day!
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more about this?
Some other great books by Kurt Vonnegut Jr are Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
He's directed a lot of great movies like Winter's Bones, True Grit and The Big Lebowski.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
I believe so. He was also in The Civil War. That's one of my favorites.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1985, and if you like that, you may also like The Vatican Tapes.
Great! It also stars Carmen Argenziano.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The film is a comedy about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
Jay Leno has starred in some great movies, The Mask, V for Vendetta, The Matrix, and The Nut Job.
They are. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
If I'm not mistaken Philadelphia Eagles owner is Jeffrey Lurie.
No I do not play, but I still like to watch the Seahawks.
I like the Washington Redskins and the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite teams?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It is a classic! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Yes, it is. The movie is considered a comedy as well.
I do too, it is starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
The Incredible Hulk is starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell. what else can i do for you?
I think it was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Roderick Thorp was in that but he was also in Die Hard.
Then I recommend Die Hard if you haven't seen it
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a zombie movie or because it's a zombie movie?
Sure, do you like Brad Pitt too? He starred in one of my favorite movies, Troy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I sure do! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is the author of We Don't Live Here Anymore, which is a Comedy.
Yes! Naomi Watts has also starred in Crazy Heart and The Secret Life of Bree Tanner. Have you seen those?
Yes. X-Men Origins is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. They are amazing.
Sure, He has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman
It is a comedy-drama movie, Ryan Reynolds was in it, too. He also starred in Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Racer.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Matt Schulze. Would you like to know more?
He has starred in many films, including The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is a movie with Ben Affleck. Would you like me to play it for you?
Yes, and it's a film by Ben Affleck.
I am not sure about the genre, but I do know it is a Crime and Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. he has written a few books such as Shaun of the Dead and Olympus Has Fallen. Are you familiar with those?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was written by Gustave Flaubert.
It was released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Romance . Do you like Romance ?
Sure, A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Return of the Native, and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
Enjoy!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an director?
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
It was released in 1966. Tom Cruise also wrote Days of Thunder.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I know he was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
great. hope you do
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should check out The Voice.
I don't know much about Country music. Do you like Country music?
Oh yes, he starred in What Lies Beneath, and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen those?
Yes he was in Star Trek III is a science fiction film
I do! It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It is a speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Untamed: A House of Night Novel is a good one. Have you read it?
Journey to the East is a great book. It was released in 1985.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
Yes. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a comedy. He also starred in How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure about adventure, but I can tell you Winter's Tale is another great adventure fiction.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
It was, I think you would really enjoy it!
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, are you looking for something like that?
Sure,It is written by Luc Besson and he also wrote King Arthur and the Ultimatum.
You are welcome. There is also a film adaptation of this story if you like.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are good ones.
Don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan of his?
The Warriors are a great team. My favorite team is the Lakers
Yes, that is true. Isn't he a point guard too?
Sure, do you like the author Frank McCourt because he wrote Teacher Man?
What of Teacher Man is written by the same author
You are welcome.
It's a great book by J.K. Rowling!
A couple of his books that I mentioned are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal Rising, and Hannibal Rising. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2010. It's also very good.
Happy to help!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
I don't think so. Who is he an athlete?
Soccer is great. Do you like any other sports?
Jack London wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote The Sea Wolf.
Definitely, Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
Yes. It also starred Ridi Lindhome and Emily Blunt. I think you'll like it.
It also starred Ridi Lindhome and Morgan Freeman. Did you see it?
Yes, that's true. I also like Peter Jason. He's a good actor.
Me too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Lavant and Albert Dupontel?
It was released in 2009. Await Your Reply came out this year.
She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Cinderella Man as well as The Casual Vacancy?
She starred in The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Great, you can also try The Casual Vacancy or The Silkworm?
There are so many great one by J.K. Rowling that I think you might enjoy. Wide Sargasso Sea and Welcome to Temptation. I recommend them all too
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he starred in Finding Neverland too.
Sure, he also wrote the Cat in the Hat and How to Train Your Dragon.
I don't really know a lot about them but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
I haven't. It's my home venue for the Mets and the Brooklyn Nets. They're the only team I really like.
I don't know about that, but Labyrinth might be a good one to check out.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Social Network, and The Pacifier. Do you like any of these films?
Yes, it is a television series and a movie is directed by Simon McBurney.
I love Chealsea! It's one of the best football players in the world.
the best of them is the Broncos. Are you a football fan?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes it was written and directed by Iain Canning and released in 2005.
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and The Amazing Spider Man.
I think it was released in 2005
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, who's a good coach.
Yea, he's a very talented man. He won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year award.
Great! I would highly recommend that one, it's very funny.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League?
I guess it's funny. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I like that one. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Yes, I like LeBron James and he's a good basketball player
No i have not, but I know he's a Lightweight
Of course! Men in Black is a comedy starring Will Smith, Will Arnett, and Bradley Cooper.
Yes, Do you like Men in Black because it is a comedy?
Yes, it was a very good film! Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure about that, but Christopher Nolan also directed Insomnia and Inception.
Enjoy your movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Would you like to know more about this book?
They were released in the 1930's. The Mad Ship was also released that year.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes. Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie.
Of course! Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin James, it's a Crime movie.
You're welcome.
Sure,  was written by E.V. Rieu in English
E.V. Rieu wrote Oouooeia and was released -720.
The Flattered Fish is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Yes and it's in the genre of Thriller.
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote the book and also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Glad I could help!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor?
Shark Night is a great psychological thriller. Have you seen that one?
Sure! It is also a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Born in New Mexico one of the books he wrote was The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit is a fiction book released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, he is a great coach. Did you know that they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yeah, he is. His current coach is Doc Rivers. He's a pretty good coach.
They used to be a great basketball team especially when Michael Jordan played with them. What do you think?
Chicago Bulls : Film Executive Produced by Jerry Reinsdorf
It sure does, they have a good chance. They're one of the best teams in the NFL.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a crime fiction novel. If you like that one, you should check out The Wedding Date if you like.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Are you interested in it because it's a Romance or Fiction?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a romance novel that was published in 1817.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? I am going to add to my list of songs to my list of songs to watch.
Sure, do you like Science Fiction movies or Animation the best?
It is a fantasy movie starring Channing Tatum and Tom Cruise.
Yes, she did. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she also starred in X-Men: First Class.
I have Gossip Girl. It's a funny movie. Have you seen it?
Will do! Enjoy!
Yes, he's an author, an athlete and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
His father is actually a famous bowler, from what I see.
He is so talented. He was a writer and an actor.
No he is a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
they do. Seattle Seahawks is great. I wonder if they're my favorite team?
Yes. The King's Speech is written by Issac Asimov and starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in so many tv shows. Have you seen it?
As long as Jesus of Nazareth, I like him too. Did you know that he also starred in The Plains of Passage
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Sia Furler is a great singer. I like her song Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
She is a very talented singer. I will have to look her up
They are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan myself. They're in the NFC West division and they're second in the NFC West division for the Cowboys.
Maybe the commercials would be fun to watch. They're a great team and they're very good!
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a point guard. One of the best in the NBA at all
I'm not sure, but he does win any awards too. He certainly does!
Sure thing! Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth if you haven't seen it I think you will really enjoy that.
Yes, I recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
Sure, I recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like drama.
You are welcome.
Yes, the star of Brokeback Mountain is John Adams. Have you seen it?
I sure can, she is a great actress. She also stars in the movie Apocalypse Now, have you seen it?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I do, Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
The book was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that because it is a Fantasy?
Sure! J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It's a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It's a great movie. It stars Robert Duvall and Debra Winger. Do you like either of those actors?
I think you would like it better. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
Perhaps you would like The Muppets and The Maltese Falcon. Have you seen those?
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister then.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It is a fiction book about medical research.
You're welcome
Sure, I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and The Huntsman: Winter's War
Yes, Mindy Kaling has been in lots of movies. My favorite Mindy Kaling has to be What's the Worst That Could Happen to You.
You're very welcome!
I know he wrote The Virgin Queen, have you read it?
Yes. Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, the Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I'll send it now.
Oh yes, I love her! She is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I like that one. I know she is married to Mirkas Haas.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote and directed Inception.
He directed The Prestige, and The Dark Knight Rises, to name a few.
I'm not sure he has produced any Fantasy and Sci-Fi films, but The Prestige is considered a Sci-Fi film.
The Prestige is actually classified as Sci-Fi and Drama.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend other films by Christopher Nolan
Enjoy the film!
He plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves plays for?
They are second in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. Are you a football fan?
They are in the NFC North this year, I think their coach Tom Thibodeau is doing a good job.
Oh yea that's right, I wonder why they're doing this year?
Well, I can tell you that Ralph Fiennes is the writer of this movie. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Great Expectations is a book about social criticism. Would you like other recommendations by Charles Dickens?
I don't know anything else by him. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a book about the Vietnam War. Does that interest you?
I don't really know much about working class though. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction by Kierra Cass.
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series or other action movies?
Yes, it is an action packed movie. You should check it out.
Then you might like Days of Thunder. It is a Romance.
No problem, enjoy.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Children's Fiction. It was released in 1949. Do you like animals?
You're welcome!
It appears that he wrote Relato de un naufrago
Ralph Steadman has written a lot of books. Some of them include The Handmaid's Tale and The Green Mile.
It was actually written by Ralph Steathing. Would you like to know more about this?
I'd recommend Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream. If you haven't read it, I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these movies?
The Woods is a horror film starring Bradley Cooper.
It is a horror movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in horror?
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
Definitely. It is a thriller. what else can i do for you?
no i do not. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Maybe it's? I don't know much about soccer.
They are located inBuenos Aires, Spain.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you want a more Thriller or something that is the same genre?
There was also the X-Men 2 and the Wolverine
Of course. It is an animated movie. You might also like Ratatouille.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did and also directed The End of the Affair. Do you like dramas?
Glad to help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and Grindhouse. Have you seen them?
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like his music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Jodi Picoult, Tessa Thompson and Marcia DeBonis. Do you like the cast?
Starring Rupert Graves and Marcia DeBonis.
Your welcome!
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
I like her too! She's a great singer though. I do not listen to much of her music. Do you?
Oh wow. That's a great song too. Who's your favorite songwriter?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Man of Steel.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome.
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Yes, it's actually a comedy. I think you'd like it!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Is Youth in Revolt is a fantasy comedy
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Yes. Leonardio DiCaprio is in that film. Do you like Blood Diamond because it is a drama?
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou starred in Unbreakable?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 is a comedy. He also starred in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers.
Yes. He starred in The Polar Express. Have you seen that one?
Sure, The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
She has starred in another one called The Silence of the Lambs, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that one?
Yes she was, I believe so. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady.
Alright! Enjoy.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy that genre?
Okay, you may enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them already.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which was produced by Steven Spielberg.
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like Nightcrawler movies?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Pyramids.
It is an adventure film, I would recommend if you like that one.
Miguel Artela had a great role in that film. You should check it out.
Yes, it would be considered a drama as well as a comedy-drama.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are two of the main stars in that movie. I know it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson, Lupe Ontiveros.
You're welcome!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Cider House Rules. Have you read them?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1986. Are you interested in his work?
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
Absolutely, no problem! Enjoy the book!
Sure, good drama book is To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it is in the genera steampunk, mystery, and post-apocalyptic fiction.
I can. The Net is a good mystery book that I think you would like.
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Sure, do you like the author Jessi Klein? He wrote this one.
Pinn was known for starring in Wrath of the Titans and Peep.
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
Pinn is a children's literature
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then i would recommend you to check out The Commoner, Pachinko
A Song of Ice and Fire is the first of a series by J.K. Rowling
Sure, he wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it was.
I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but he starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
That's true. So funny. I'm not sure if she's in that movie, but I do remember seeing her in Friends with Benefits.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's another one called The Cat in the Hat. That was actually written by Dr. Seuss.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat? Heard of that one?
The movie is a great comedy and adventure movie. Did you know that Seth Rogen is starring in this movie?
Oh yes, he's been in a lot of movies. He's been in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
That's right! I think he was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
I love that movie! It was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Ben Stiller is the star of Cheaper by the Dozen.
It was released in 2004. Do you want to know more about the Dozen?
You are sure about trailers. Would you like to know more about The Dozen?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Terminator stars Christian Bale as well as James Cameron. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, that's correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie. If you like thriller, The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie.
Are you a fan of Oprah Winfrey? He starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Kevin Smith.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha MeElhone is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. I think you'd enjoy it.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It's considered a thriller and was released in 2000.
The genre is Non-Fiction and Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction and was released in 1985
You might also enjoy the Pachinko series by Maurice Sendak, it is in the family genre.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie.
Idiocracy stars Tom Waits and Kevin Corrigan.
It was released in 2013. It is a great movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie.
You are welcome.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Thomas Mitchell, Hattie McDaniel and a few more
What about Tender is the Night? It's a Romance.
I am not sure about that. However, I know that it is an animated film.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in When a Stranger Calls and The Stone Angel. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do agree. I know she is married to Serena. She know she starred in Hair Show.
Yes, he also plays tennis. I like the Dallas Cowboys though.
Sure, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. Would you like to check it out?
OK, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate?
No problem!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. How about you?
I do like her music. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year?
No I didn't know that. What type of music do you like?
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it's a movie with Sandra Bullock in it. Do you like her?
Certainly. He also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer is a great one he wrote. Sound interesting?
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is in the genre of Fantasy
Happy reading!
He plays soccer, doesn't he?
He played as a Forward. You might also like Radamel Falcao.
Yes, he was on FC Porto's national football team. He was a midfielder.
She's a great tennis player. I love her and her sister Serena.
Brett Ratner is a great actor. I liked him in Grown Ups. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino is in a thriller like Shark Night.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Greg Mortenson wrote it. Do you know that book?
Alice Sebold wrote The Beautiful and Damned. Have you read any of them?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
Sure. Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and many more
Yes, it is written by Jack London as well
You are welcome
I know she plays tennis. She was upset she lost the match with Lisa Raymond.
You know a lot about Shoaib Malik, other than she is from India.
Hantuchova is a good athlete.
Yes, Usain Bolt was. She is a good businessman.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a fantasy?
Then I recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It's an oldie but a good fantasy movie.
Simon McBurney is the star of the movie. Would you like to know more about the movie?
She is so brilliant in that movie!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, he did. He also starred in a Historical period drama, The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You might like War of the Worlds then. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it has quite a bit of romance and comedy genres. Do you like that genre?
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Monsters Inc just to name a few.
I can't believe that is the case. Did you know John Sayles wrote and starred in a few movies?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow any other sports?
Yeah, I think it is pretty funny. Is it a comedy?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, Mickey Rooney also starred in the movie The Wedding Date. It is an action film.
I would have to check out one of his movies. Other movies in that genre include The Outsiders, The Talented Mr.Ripley, and Toy Story.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It is considered an autobiography.
That's a great book! Spencer Johnson is also a motivational speaker.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Jennifer Ehle.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Sci-Fi and Comedy. It's one of my favorites.
Of course, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is written by Ralph Steadman. Would you like to know more?
He did. Hell's Angels was directed by Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about it, but I can tell you it was classified as a Political Thriller and is also classified as an Action Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997, have you read it?
I think you would like it. It's very good and has a great cast. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was directed by Jason Darabont and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Willie Garson was great in that as well!
Great, Woody Allen wrote Perfect. I hope you enjoy them!
Dan Gilroy is a golfer and won the 2012 PGA Championship. Are you a fan?
Matt Damon Starred in Bourne Legacy
It is a Thriller
Sure, He has starred in Wilde and Zulu
good series
welcome
Sure! Do you like books by the same author, Liam Neeson?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
You may want to check out The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein as well. Shel Silverstein also wrote The Missing Piece.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a lot about her. What do you know about him?
Yes, I do agree,
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It is a Science Fiction book that was released in 1999.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Matt Damon, Ethan Hawke, Frank Weaver, and Debra Winger.
Yes, The Doors is a band with Mimi Rogers and Mimi Rogers.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare plays his Kingdom of Heaven. He is a great author.
Sure thing.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read any of these?
He's a great soccer player with Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
Yes, and he also plays soccer
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion, do you like him?
Not particularly. I''m an Eagles fan.
Not really a fan of football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yeah, I believe the 49ers were the runner ups in the Super Bowl XIX.
Would you like the movie pitch based on it's genre, or on the actors?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and Underworld:Evolution.
Sure. Similar movies in that genre include X-Men, Xenocide, and Winter's Bone.
Sure! Other comedies that you may enjoy are Zoe's Tale, X-Men, and World Without End.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Road to El Dorado. Would you like to hear more about that?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know a few players like Sachin Tendulkar, and Virat Kohli.
Yes, he is a great player. If you like Kevin O'Brien, you might also try him in Waterworld.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction novel written in English
My Secret Life and Love was released the same year.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team. I don't follow soccer much.
I think he plays for the Spain national football team.
He did! He's a great coach. I think he's from Barcelona.
Yes, and he also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Oh yes, he wrote The Dark Knight. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Defending Jacob. Have you read that one?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. it is an erotic romance novel written by E. L. James and was released in 2011.
I have not, but E.L. James also wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
It's a fiction novel. You might also enjoy Winter's Tale.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was published in 2010 . Are you interested in this book?
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of Our Fathers and End of Dreams.
You're welcome. Happy reading!
He is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart!
Yes he did and it was directed by Ridley Scott
I know he wrote Braveheart, which is a drama
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1943.
Its a non-fiction book. Are you interested in non-fiction?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think so, but if you like him, he might be still playing for the Raiders.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a fiction and a children's literature. Would you like a recommendation for more of those?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel .
George A. Romero. You should check it out
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and a Biographical Film. Do you enjoy those?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Hanks, Johnny Depp, and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Sorry, I do not have any comedy-dramas.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Secret Life of Violet Grant was released in my Own Hearts.
It is a fiction novel.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995.
Enjoy!
Probably so, I'm not really a Bears fan myself. Did you know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLI?
I think they will be the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, the Bears were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. I think the Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Sure! I know that Doug Liam directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not see that information, but John-Henry also wrote Tarzan and Gone Baby Gone. Have you seen those?
Matt Damon did the music for Fair Game. Do you like his movies?
I do not know who starred in Fair Game is. I do know that Sean Penn starred in several films.
I do. He's a great writer and television producer. He has written a lot of films.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Yes, it was. It's a comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes I did enjoy this movie. Are you a fan of James Franco movies?
It has a great cast including Andrien Brody and Jack Black.
Sure. If you like sci-fi, I might suggest X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
The movie starred Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
I do not know when the movie was released.
You might like the movie 300: Rise on an Empire by Peter Mensah. It's in the fantasy genre
Yes she is. I highly recommend it.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York in 2012.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about football, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. Did you know Magic Johnson is from the United States of America?
Agreed! Anything else I could help you with?
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in both.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake.
I would be happy to recommend a book similar to The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
I don't have that information, but it is a great novel.
Philippa Gregory also wrote Zodiac, I think you would like that one.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him, other than he's a Midfielder. He's a forward.
That's cool. I think I'd like to learn more about the sport.
I would say they are more fantasy than football or soccer.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Der Zauberberg. Are you familiar with his work?
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Historical Fiction. do you like these genres?
Great, would you like me to add it to your list?
I think it was released in 1994. Would you like to know more about the book?
It was written by Emily Bronte. I recommend it for you.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Would you like the movie In Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You might want to check out Seven Psychopaths. It's written by Martin McDonagh.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Yes, that was a great movie! Some of the actors in O Brother, Where Art Thou, were you aware of this?
Sure! She also starred in Thirteen. That is a drama film.
Yes, she also starred in a Romantic Comedy called Women in Love.
You're welcome!
It is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
It is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is in English Language
He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like it because it is a fantasy?
2012 was a great year for books. A Walk in the Woods was also released that year. Have you read it?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
You might want to try War of the Worlds or The Legend of Tarzan.
Yes, The Golden Compass is a sci fi movie starring Steve Buscemi and Chris Hemsworth.
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth and Molly C. Quinn. It is a Sci-Fi movie
You're welcome
It is a young-adult fiction book
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
Zoe Saldana and Ben Stiller were both in it. Are you familiar with them?
She was in The Golden Compass, which also starred Tom Hanks
Great, hope you enjoy
The only thing I know about him is that he's a tennis player. I think he lost to Rafael Nadal.
I haven't ever a game but I've never been to a match. I've never been to a game before.
It's always fun to watch. Who is your favorite player?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
It's a great sci-fi movie. Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has genre X-Men, and X-Men: First Class.
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by Simon McBurney.
Absolutely! Enjoy your movie time.
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of great movies like Where Have You Been Kissed, and The X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of Rian Johnson?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Do any of those sound good?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. Do you like drama movies?
The Godfather also included Robert Duvall, Al Pacino, and Marlon Brando.
The Godfather was released in 1994
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those movies?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It is directed by Stephen King as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. They are all in the same genre.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi film.
I am Legend, is that the one Is Mine or The Pursuit of Happyness? I like Will Smith too.
He is definitely in I, Robot, which is also a Sci-Fi movie. He also starred in I, Robot. Have you seen it?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Hot Fuzz is also a comedy and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is an Adventure movie. You should check it out
Yes, he is a scottish drummer, do you like him?
I like him too, he has a nice voice. Did you know he is friends with Cameron Diaz from Shrek 2?
I do! He is a great artist, and he is so talented. I love his music, too.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Elizabeth George Speare
I haven't seen it but it's a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'd recommend The Book of Mormon, The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon.
Of course! Other movies in that genre include "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Golden Compass."
Yes, it is written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. It's a Thriller
The Deer Hunter is directed by Martin McDonagh
Yes, He is in this movie
It also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It was a great year for them. For sure they will make it to the Super Bowl. Have they ever won a championship?
Cold Mountain starred Charlize Theron. She's a great actress. Have you seen it?
I did. I think Renee Zellweger starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great book. I suggest you do.
J. K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you seen that movie?
He also stars in the thriller The Assassination of J.K. Simmons. He's a great actor!
It also stars Stephen Fry and J.K. Simmons. I am sure you have probably heard of it.
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, yes, He's very good. He was in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was very funny in The Rum Diary. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
Oh yes! Dark Shadows is a mystery, thriller, and mystery. I think you will enjoy it!
The actors in The Fugitive are Sela Ward and Harrison Ford. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1987. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, and you should.
He was in Star Wars Holiday Special on TV with Harrison Ford.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive, right?
Anything else I can help with?
J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Are you looking for more of a fiction or more of a drama?
It's children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
Yup he plays for France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
I'm not sure, but Vin Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes Jonathan Silverman starred in Made which is a comedy drama.
Weekend at Bernies II is a comedy-drama film starring Channing Tatum. Do you like his?
Yes, they did. Kevin Nealon also starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film.
Yes she did. The Gazebo is a drama film directed by David Fincher
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Favreau.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. This is a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a comedy.
Sure, I have no other information about Seth MacFarlane
Skyfall is a sci-fi movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes. He also starred in The Good Diary and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It was produced by Emile Zola and is an action film.
It is a fantasy film. I think you would like it.
I think I will add it to your list. Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a good one. She also wrote Wicked Lovely which is a comedy.
I am afraid I do not know of any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
It is considered a fantasy and a great movie. You should check it out.
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in the film. If you like Jamie Kennedy, you should check out Don't Go Breaking My Heart.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that book was written by John Green?
I know he was influenced by Scarlett Johansson, and Gary Oldman. Have you heard of that one?
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy.
Enjoy your book!
Yes! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
You should watch it. It's very good.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure I do! He wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Detectives. Are you a fan of this one?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
You might also enjoy The Good Doctor or The Goldfinch.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes. He also wrote the Fantasy film X-Men 2.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
You might like Days of Thunder or The Last Samurai.
Happy to help!
Your welcome.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes, he wrote that with Hayden Panettiere .
I do, would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I did, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend What Lies Beneath as well as Watchmen. Both are excellent spy films.
Yes, it is a film. It is also a film based on a book.
I know he plays for the Mexico national football team
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I do not have any books similar to O Alquimista.
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in English. He's a very good writer.
Yes, it is. Onze minutos was released in 1899 and is considered a Portuguese.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Mist. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
I know they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Are you a fan?
I like to watch college football. My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and book written by William Nicholson.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. What else can I answer for you?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. He also starred in No Country for Old Men, The Other Boleyn Girl, and Taxi.
I hope you enjoy it! You're welcome.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
I have not seen it, its a great movie!
Yes, that was a great movie! Jerry Maguire was also in it, and it's been a long time since I saw it.
I'm generally a fan of rom-coms. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I can't, but how about Stephen Chbosky?
It is a fantasy and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes. It was also released in 2014
It was also released in 2014, You Are Special: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness
honey was also released in 2014
I recommend him in the movie The Muppets if you like comedy genius.
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in the movie. He also starred in Zombieland
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan. Have you read this one?
It is a romantic comedy.
It was written in 1850
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion. Would you like to hear more about those?
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Are you interested in Horror or Thriller movies?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't know any outside of Tower Heist. Anything else I can help with?
She wrote нна аренина and was released in 1869. Have you heard of them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. I am going to add both to my to read list.
You're welcome!
Oh yes, it is a classic movie! It is regarded as one of the best Fantasy Drama films.
He also starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I think she also wrote The Lake of Dreams and the Secrets of a Fire King. Do those sound interesting?
What do you think of Lake of Dreams?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more information about the book?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote The Great Gatsby
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka, other than he is from Switzerland.
Yes, he has starred in the 2012 Olympics
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a memoir about the life of a young man fulfilling his and his life as he prepares for death. It's part of a series after the series're left to his family after his death.
I am not sure about that, but I do know it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's considered a comedy.
It is written by John Green.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a drama?
Yes, Wes Craven directed Scream 4 which starred Rory Culkin and Erik Knudsen
Yes he does he also starred in The Soul to Take. He's a great actor.
Glad to help!
Of course, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Yes, she did. It's a fantasy novel.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are so many great books to choose from! Have you read The Graveyard Book and The End of the Affair?
Happy to help!
I know that Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. That's an excellent novel.
Yes- The genre is Speculative Fiction. A great book!
It was released in 1990.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a drama. Are you interested in movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
It's a fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
They are not my favorite National Football Team. They are owned by Zygi Wilf.
I hope the Seattle Seahawks will make it to the Super Bowl XI, have you been to it?
I like the Cowboys vs. the Seahawks. do you want to know who owns the team?
No, but I would like to. I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan and live in person.
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
George Coulouris is the director
I am sorry, I do not have any information on other movies he directed.
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
Yes, I have heard of him. I think he is one of the best actor now.
I have not seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, that was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Return of the King.
by John Lee Hancock?
Matt Damon starred in Grimms Fairy Tales. Would you like to know more about it?
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure, it comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Red Pyramid. All great books.
It's the same series as The Lightning Thief, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous. Have you heard of it?
No I do not know who starred in that movie. Do you like romance films?
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Yes, he also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released in 1940.
There are so many great books by him, one of them is To Have and Have Not.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes he is a great actor. He stars in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Haha. I didn't know that. Speaking of Spirit Soda, he's from Cincinnati, and he is a voice actor.
Yes, he was a Colombian professional basketball player as well.
Are you interested in the young adult fiction genre?
Yes. The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written in 2012. Is that what you're looking for?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
It was written by Ernest Hemingway and released in 1847
Enjoy!
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and is a Romantic Comedy. Does that sound interesting to you?
It was released in 2005 and is in the English language.
Enjoy!
I think she was most famous for The Joy Luck Club. It is a novel that was released in 1969. Have you read it?
It is considered a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is considered a Gothic Fiction.
I do! He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall were both in it.
I believe it's a comedy. But, I can't think of any of Billy Bob Thornton's work.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and Superman Returns.
Tod Fennell and Chester Bennington also starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles.
It is considered a Romance and Speculative Fiction.
You are welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sure! Jane Austen has also written Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander, I would recommend that one. She also wrote Paint It Black.
The genre is White Oleander. Paint It Black was released in 2003
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a great Indie film. He directed and produced The Seven Samurai. Do you like Indie films?
I like adventure movies. Have you seen Akira Kurosawa? He is in that one.
Seven Samurai starred Keira Knightley and Ran.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that.
Gary Buscemi directed the movie.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
That is correct. He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Cool, I'll have to check that out
Okay, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many movies including the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking.
Your welcome
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read them?
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you familiar with either?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. That one is a great book. I think you'd enjoy it.
That's great! I think I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Enjoy your reading!
He is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I do not watch basketball
I like to watch football from time to time
No, I haven't but I hope they make the playoffs do.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Sure, he directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth. He also directed that movie, too.
I'm not sure. If you like comic movies, maybe you should check out Zoom, X-Men 2 or X-Men 2.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he did write We Are the Living
The book was released in 1957 and it is also a part of a series.
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy novel. Is that what you are looking for?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in Kung Fu Panda and the Spongebob Square Pants Movie.
Yes, he was in that too! Did you know that Seth Rogan starred in The Little Prince?
I'm afraid I don't know any other of his movies, but I do know he was in The Osmosist which is a comedy. He also starred in The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Great! I'll add Superbad to your list.
Sure, do you like the author James Patterson or the genre?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
I agree. If you like that one, you may want to try Wuthering Heights. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not really. I think it's located in Oakland. I don't know much about basketball.
I do. I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like football as well. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, and Tom Brady is a great player.
Yes, and Bridget Moynahan starred with her sister Serena Williams.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It is a children's book, similar to The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Casual Vacancy.
Enjoy!
The film was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Oprah Winfrey, Cicely Tyson and I like the movie.
It was released in 1995
You're welcome.
Sure, Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopia genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Cool, then you can try Wildwood Dancing or Water for Elephants.
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes. It's considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but yes, she did write Tatiana de Rosnay.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was a musician who was born in London.
No problem.
Yes, They are very good. I like their song This Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of this one?
Yes, he does play the guitar.
I thought it was a comedy as well.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like the genre?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Science Fiction?
Street Kings is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
I'm not sure but it's a Drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes! There are many great Adventure movies like Back to the Future with Lea Thompson which is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Adventure?
Sure! She's a great writer. She wrote and starred in City of Bones.
Yes, he did. That's a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers movies?
Do you like mystery or horror movies?
Yes, Zodiac is another Mystery and it is one of my favorites.
Sure, add them now.
I like Russel Wilson as an actor. He starred in Zoolander. He was great in that film.
Yes, you are right.
Not a big football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Matrix which is a drama film.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It stars Amy Poehler and was released in 2015. It's an excellent family film.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in this movie. Good Will Hunting was produced by Tony Gilroy
I recommend Insolved, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. I think you'll like these.
LOL! It's a great place to watch!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now!
I like Drew Brees, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't think so. I know he used to play for the Saints. Who is your favorite football team?
It would be good if they do, though.
Sure! Have you seen him in Hudson Hawk? Critics say it's a great movie.
Great! Have you seen the Hudson Hawk? It was released in 1963.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird! It is an action movie.
I'll do that right away!
Enjoy!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to watch it?
Ashley Judd starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about Cory Hardrict?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Would you like to hear more about those?
It was released in 2014. It is a crime fiction.
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome!
Do you like movies from the Walt Disney company?
I recommend The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
I can't find any more information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in No Country for Old Men, a Comedy/Comedy.
The Farthest Shore is a similar book. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide which is a science fiction novel. Have you read that one?
You might enjoy The Shadows if you haven't read that one yet.
Great! Enjoy them!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels is an actor. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that one?
He has also starred in the Star Wars film, Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I'm sorry, I do not know any others
You're Welcome
I liked Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that he wrote The Good Dinosaur?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great film. Did you know it was directed by Charles Dickens?
Gothic fiction is the best one, have you seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Yes. Then you might like Good Will Hunting.
Can I help you with anything else?
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Did you know that Thomas F. Wilson owns the team?
I didn't know that. I do know he was drafted by the Washington Redskins.
I did not know that. I will have to look it up.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, it is considered children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Sea of Monsters and Percy Jackson.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of speculative fiction is The Return of the King.
They are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Perfect. I would like to see it. It's been a great time for games.
Sure. I can recommend some of his films, The Tree of Life, The Magician's Land, or Things Fall Apart.
I recommend a book called The Tree of Life, which is an historical fiction.
It is a great movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Well, I'm not sure about the sequels, but I do know that it's similar to Twilight and X-Men.
It's a great movie! It stars Kristen Stewart and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Oh yes, she's very talented. You'll enjoy it!
Yes. 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun is a TV comedy. He also starred in The Santa Clause 2.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt stars in it.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
Yes, it is for teens. It's a good plan for a good period drama.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well, I like Wildcats. Did you know that Kevin Spacey was in it?
Yes, you might enjoy Couples Retreat. It's a comedy very funny.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great series, other Sci-Fi movies include X-Men, X-Men, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Sci-Fi movie Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. Enjoy the movie!
Enjoy!
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect. I remember it starred Ashton Kutcher. It was released in 2002. Have you seen it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, have you seen Shark Night or eXistenZ? They are both thrillers.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
The Voyage Home starred Kenny Baker and Amy Warren. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
ok, have a good day!
The Golden Compass is a good one if you like thriller movies. Have you seen it?
The Order if you like Thrillers you should check out Shark Night. It's also a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee.
No problem. Enjoy!
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team.
Oh, that's pretty cool. Did you know Cesc Fabregas played for Manchester United F.C?
He won the 2012 PGA Championship. He was born in Spain.
I don't really know much about them to be honest. I don't watch much basketball but when I do it's the Celtics.
Yes, he was a point guard in the game as well.
He did, the current coach of the Bucks is Larry Drew.
Memento is a thriller starring Christopher Nolan. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, and Michael Caine. Are you interested in any of them?
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know it is written by Jonathan Nolan
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Rita Ora is a graphic novelist. Shespecializes in electronic dance music.
Absolutely. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fantasy genre film?
Then I highly recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Great, I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
Great. Glad I could help.
Great. Glad I could help.
I think he plays basketball as a shooting guard. He was born here in LA.
Yes, he's definitely a good shooting guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, you are right and i don't follow the sport
It starred Shia LaBeouf, that was a great movie. Are you a fan of that movie?
Yes, you might like World War Z, or Wrath of the Titans.
Sure, The Legend of Tarzan and The Farthest Shore
Your welcome
Hush is a great book Crescendo. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read it?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen those?
Young adult fiction is The Scort Runner. The Scort Runner is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow.
Perhaps you would like The Muppets from Paris, it is a Romance and Drama film.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a highly recommended movie. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall, Kristen Stewart and Tim Robbins
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001. Thank you for the recommendation.
Wesley Stick wrote Message in a Bottle, too.
The Message in the BFG was written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, he wrote Prince of Tide and many other interesting books.
You are very welcome!
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It's part of a series. Would you like to know more about the movies?
It's a book that was turned into a movie directed by Stephenie Meyer.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Chris Bigsby is a great writer. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you read them?
Yes, that's correct. Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, which is a tragedy.
Sure! Have you heard of The Mysterious Case of Benjamin Button? It is one of my favorites.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They're a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They are looking for a good team and their coach Pete Carroll is their coach. They're on a winning streak right now.
Lolita is an American writer. Some popular books are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation
It is written in English and released in 1986.
Is there anything I can help you with?
you are welcome. Enjoy
Yes, I think he's a great singer. Do you like him?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's one of my favorite comedy's. I think you'd like it.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, both are great books that you might enjoy.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. Are you a fan of speculative fiction like that?
Of course! Other books in the same genre are The History of Frank Beddor, The Golden Compass, and the Harry Potter books. Do any of those interest you?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, it was released in 1998 and is in English.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016.
There are several books that J.K. Rowling wrote including The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure but I can recommend some other books released in 2014 like The Silkworm.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
I actually don't have that information, but I can tell you it is in English.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
I sure do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
I think he is popular in the France national football team. I don't follow soccer much.
I like James Harden, have you ever heard of him?
I have a habit of that show. I usually dont follow the sport, do you like it?
I do. I liked the movie Space Jam.
Yes. The Gordon Ramsey was great. I'll have to watch them tonight.
Inception is starring Tom Hardy, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, that's right. She also starred in United Kingdom.
Enigma was written by Anne-Marie Duff and it is a drama.
Will do.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like that one, you should check out This Is Spinal Tap.
I unfortunately do not have information on ones he produced but he also directed The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Have you read it?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the release date.
You are welcome.
I agree! She's awesome! I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a thriller.
Michael Parks was in the sequel of Michael Parks and also starred in Conan the Destroyer.
They didn't win the World Series but the Red Sox were runner ups in a few super bowl titles.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan
It would be a great team, my favorite team is Red Sox, but my team is a Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Wow, I am not so sure. I do know he won the PGA Championship in 2012.
Yeah, he lost Phil Mickelson too. He had a good career in basketball. Do you like basketball?
Yes. The Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
It's a great movie with a lot of thrillers. It's part of a series, the next in the series is called The Shaggy Dog.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member of the league's National Football Conference West division.
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York City
I do like college football. Who is their quarterback again?
I don't know a lot about Aguero, but I know he's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona.
I know nothing about soccer, but I do know that they're coached by Ryan Giggs
I like football and baseball. I'm a big fan of Brazil.
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is Daredevil. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson, are you interested in other books by him?
I'm not sure about it, but I can tell you it is also a thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It's also a Fiction novel.
No problem!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon. It's a great movie.
Yes. I'd recommend Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a great romance film.
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It is considered a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Great, if you like horror films, you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Zach Grenier and Billy Crudup
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm a Lisa See fan so that was one of the first books that came out in 2005. Have you read it?
The Sheltering Sky is considered Children's literature, Fiction and Children's literature.
It sure is! Have you heard of Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both historical fiction books.
No, I didn't know that. I know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and he was born in Hisar.
No, I do not believe so.
Yes, Hamlet is considered a Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes, that's a great play by William Shakespeare. If you like his work, you should try Romeo and Juliet.
Yes she is. You should check that out if you like her work.
Sense and Sensibility is written by Jane Austen. A similar book is City of Ember.
Oh Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
He's great! I really like his song Hero, it came out a while ago. Have you heard of it?
I think she is a good actor. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
You might enjoy The Muppets then.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
James Franco and Ben Stiller starred in The Aviator.
He's also in Talking about Tom Cruise. What else can I do for you today?
Ok. Enjoy!
He directed Red Hook Summer. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is in that movie as well. It is a romance film that was released in 2007.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
The Swan Thieves was released in 2010 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I do not know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely, I'll send it right now
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
yes i love golf. do you know any other sports ?
no i didn't know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
i like to watch Basketball what about you?
super fun. i also like college football. do you like any other sports?
i like a lot of football. do you like any other sports ?
I think they are a good team. The owner is Arthur Blank
Kyla Pratt is the star of the team.
Who is your favorite Patriots team?
I do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Yes! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and it is a Speculative fiction.
Great! I think you'll like The Man in Havana, right?
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
He also starred in X-Men 2. Are you interested in more of Vulgar movies?
Yes. William Lee Scott also starred in The Magician's Land.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Sure. They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did have a great relationship with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't think so. Do you like his music?
You're welcome! I hope you like it.
Not really. I am more of a Patriots fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is. Along with the NFL as well, it might be a really good one.
Oh, I see. I am not a big fan of Tennessee Titans.
Oh wow! Thanks for all the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
He also directed the Jungle Book 2 and the Avengers
Hotel Rwanda is an indie film drama.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2001. It is also a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes. Beatrix Potter is known for her work as an author as well. She wrote the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Hugh Jackman. Would you like to know more about it?
He has also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw.
It is a science fiction film. I think you would like it.
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy!
Yes! It is a romance and stars Sandra Bullock as well.
It was written by Tim Burton. Are you familiar with his work?
Have you heard of Alice in Wonderland?
Enjoy! Anything else I can help with today?
Enjoy the books!
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was written by Christopher Lee, who also wrote The Iron Giant.
Yes, Charlie Hunnam and Kristin Scott Thomas. Ratatouille was a great family friendly movie.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know much about it, is it a great sport?
Football is my favorite team, my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks though.
I like basketball and baseball.
I like the Dallas Cowboys if they aren't a good team.
I do,a ctually. It's an excellent movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
Yeah, I like her too, she is very talented. I also like her song Hot n Cold. Have you heard it?
Yes, she does have a good voice. I think she's kind of a mix of soul and pop.
I would recommend Heavy metal and rock if you haven't heard it already.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 1994.
Great Shooter is starring Ned Beatty who also starred in Kill Bill
Shark Night is a thriller written by Stephen Hunter. It stars Katharine McPhee, and Joel David Moore.
Sure, Rum Diary Stars Anthony Hopkins and she also starred in Deep Blue Sea
Glad to help
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
That's true. Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't played any sport but I do like baseball. Who is your favorite player?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone.
You're welcome. Sending it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. I'm not sure about it, but it's very scary.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is an actor. He starred in movies like Wall-E and The Incredibles.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Stiller and Jess Harnell.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like lloyd banks hes a great singer
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you!
He is one of the best Singers of all time. Can you tell me a lot about him?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's cool. i'll have to check it out.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season?
I do not know about Mark Hughes, but I have heard he is very good.
Sure, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, do you like thriller movies?
Randall Park is one of the main actors in this movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Would you like to hear more about either of those?
Lea Thompson is the main character in the film. It is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
It stars Judy Greer and Liam Neeson. Are you familiar with them?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few. Do these sound interesting?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
Hush hush is generally considered a comedy- drama
You're welcome
Mike Myers directed it. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
He also directed any other funny movies such as Treachery and Tom Hanks
Mia Wasikowska, Jackie Weaver, and Channing Tatum all starred in Monsters.
You are most welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Rango is an adventure film starring Gil Birmingham. He also starred in the adventure film Rango.
Yes! Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
I don't have any suggestions for movies like 21 Jump Street, but I can recommend others from him.
Ride Along is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a classic children's literature. You might like that one?
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It's written by Richard Condon.
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
I'm not sure.
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
She is an author who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Yes, if you like romance you may want to check out Beautiful Creatures.
That would be a good one.
Probably. Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was a comedy?
Yes, Victor Hugo has written some great books, would you like to know about any of them?
The genre is historical period drama and is also part of a series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a horror movie written by Louis Sachar. It was released in Louis Sachar.
You're welcome. He also starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical period drama.
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Aren't those popular?
Yes, he is fromsburg. He was in the United States of America.
He is with the Virgin Records, and X-Men
Great. Have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
He's great! He also starred in The Young Lions. Have you seen that one?
I'd recommend The Young Lions. It's a drama and also stars Meryl Streep.
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Me too, He won that award, I think
Mervryn Peake is a screenwriter and Author and he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is an original tale.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Scarlett Johansson starred in Machine Guns. He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes she was in that as well as The Notebook.
Enjoy!
I don't have any suggestions for a specific genre, but I do know that they are both Romance and Sport. Do you enjoy those?
It is a romantic comedy starring Tim Blake Nelson. Would you like to hear more about this?
I know that he is also a musician and a model.
Ok, great. I'll send it to you.
I think you would like it. It is a good movie with Liam Neeson.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a comedy and fantasy.
The Legend of Tarzan and The Time Machine are two excellent adventure movies.
It is a blockbuster and a film by Robert A. Heinlein.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 2003.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out that same year
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one yet?
Then you might enjoy The Warrior's Way, or The Manchurian Candidate.
James Franco is also in that movie. He is a great actor.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Peter Jackson also wrote The Mist and The Lawnmower Man.
Would you like that one?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
I do like his music. Did you know he was from France?
I like Urban Legend. Do you like his music?
Definitely. He is very talented, as well as a DJ, Music Executive Producer and producer.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure is it's a crime Thriller and it's under the genre
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful day.
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
It came out in 1994.
yes! Ray Romano also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You are welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football player for Manchester United F.C. and he is a midfielder.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I do like American football as well.
I don't know a lot about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a great player.
He's not my absolute favorite athlete. He plays football, right? I'm not a big fan of his.
She is in a comedy film called The Hate Me.
Yes, he did. He also directed Space Jam, which was released in 2011.
Sure, Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Forge of God. Would you like to know more about this?
My apologies, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you she has been influenced by Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she acted in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It is a Romance novel released in 2001.
That's a great book, it is a Science Fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I love her song, specially Cool for the summer. Have you listen to it?
Yes, he did. Did you know Tom Hanks is friends with Julia Roberts?
Those are great films! If you like Ashton Kutcher, you should see Love and Other Impossible Pursuits.
Do you like it because it's written by Charlaine Harris?
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Speculative genre.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is an action adventure film. It was released in 2012
Starring Rupert Graves and Jeff Bridges
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier. I'm a big fan of them.
Well, from what I've heard, the team was doing a great job.
Yes, the Steelers were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin and Kevin Spacey. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Shark Night is also a thriller.
Yes, I have. That is a great movie.
I do like hip hop. Do you like any other genres?
I like alternative rock, like Twilight and The Muppets. They are my favorites.
It was. Same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
Yes, it's written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
No, I don't know what books similar to The King of Our Stars, but I do know that it is also a mystery.
You are welcome!
That's a great action adventure film. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in That Thing You Do and also in The World's End.
It is a very interesting one! Is there anything else I can help with?
Would you like more information about Harrison Ford?
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you heard of it?
It's considered a Tennis Player.
I can definitely recommend Waterworld, it's fun.
No problem!
I'm a huge fan of Channing Tatum. Do you like him?
Seems he also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2013. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by Philip Pullman. what else can i do for you?
She has a wonderful voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in No Country for Old Men?
Oh yeah she is. I wonder if she is doing a good job on that show.
Yes, that's true. It was released in 2016. She's very good in The Goonies.
Great. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about that?
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
James Rodriguez is an American footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real Madrid.
Yes, I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
He plays midfielder and he is a midfielder.
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, In that case, You can try Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Nathaneal West and Leslie Bibb. It's a romance film.
It is. You should check it out. It's very romantic.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. were great films!
I'm not sure but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Philip Pullman.
I'm not showing any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. I do know that he was married to Angelina Jolie.
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War has genres drama, comedy, and drama.
Sure. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in the books in the series?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of that series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a big fan of her. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I actually haven't heard that one, but I like electronic dance music. Do you like that genre?
Oh that's awesome, I didn't know she starred in any movies actually, have you seen any of them?
Great choice, he's written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Emile Durkheim and Marcia Gay Harden. Did you see it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a great cast such as Patrick Stewart, Hattie McDaniel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt
I know that Steve Jobs takes place in the United States. Would you like to know more?
Yes, SteveJobs is in the genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama. Do you like those genres?
It is a drama and comedy. Did you know that Guy Kawasaki also starred in The Ninth Configuration?
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate. That might be a good movie to you as well.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I definitely recommend The Ugly Truth, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Went Hollywood was released in 2014
You are welcome
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know he's from Chicago too.
Sure, I actually don't follow basketball too closely. I know a lot about basketball except for a weird fascination with it. I don't know if that's the case.
I've heard of it, I'll have to check it out.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League?
Do you like baseball? If so, the Yankees are a great team.
I like the Red Sox and Red Sox. What about you?
He plays for Manchester United F.C. I believe he is a good soccer player
I agree! He's from Guadalajara!
Me too! I like that movie too! It's such a poignant!
Absolutely! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It is a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely see it.
Sure. You might also like The Scorpion King or The Mask of Zorro. Both are great movies.
Yes, it's an incredible movie. I think you will like it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something with same genre?
I think you might enjoy the Quiet American or the Watchmen. Have you seen either of those?
Absolutely, it is a very popular Psychological thriller, written by Richard Condon. Have you seen it?
I don't really like Rogue Nation so I do not know much about it. What can you tell me about it?
You might enjoy the X-Men Origins or World War Z.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, Wolf Brother. They're all young adult fiction.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend it for you.
You might enjoy Percy Jackson or The Fountains of Paradise. They are both young adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote ?
It is a romance novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are also considered romance.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
They're a good team but I like their coach Tom Brady. Are you a Patriots fan?
Not really, I think so. They are a good team, but I'm more of a New England fan and if I'm not mistaken. They're a great runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots fan when he was pregnant this year.
I can recommend a movie by Ben Affleck if you like the Town.
The Town starred Brad Pitt and Elig. It was released in 2012.
I do not know. I'm not sure.
Good. Have you seen it?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also good. Have you seen them?
It is a great movie with Val Kilmer and William H. Macy as well.
I don't know anything else he directed, but he did direct the movie War of the Worlds.
I think Katy Perry is an amazing artist. I like her song Hot n Cold. Are you a fan of hers?
No, I didn't know that. That is a good film based on Greek.
Yes, I do. I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brand. She was in Zoolander as well. It's a hilarious movie.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, I like Magic Mike too! Did you know he is also an actor?
I know it's a romance and comedy starring Meryl Streep. Do you like romance and comedy films?
I'm sorry I do not have any information on other movies he's starred in, but did you know he is also a director?
I do recommend The Guardian Brothers. It is a great one starring Shia LaBeouf
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class is a biographical film and action.
Sure. Some other great Fantasy movies are: The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lion, and The Witching Hour.
The main lead in this film is Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zoom. it is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it was written by Thomas E Connolly and was released in 1850. He also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he is an author and an Actor. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
No problem!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Falling Up is a good one. It is written by James Patterson, and stars Johnny Depp.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are similar.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Dragon Keeper.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Wintersmith another great book.
You are welcome!
Yes he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is a gothic novel as well. It may interest you.
It came out in 1987.
Great! Enjoy your book!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes it was released in 2014 and directed by Sarah J Maas. Have you seen it?
Sure, there is The Assassin and the Desert which is also science fiction. Have you seen those?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thrity, Taking Chance, Salt and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen any of those?
Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty, that was released in 2008.
Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about James Rodriguez, other than he plays football. Is he good?
Ah, I see. I'm not much into football but I do know that Shakira is from Columbia. Did you know she was born in Bogotá?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I like the Dallas Cowboys - they're a great team. My favorite team is the Cowboys though. How about you?
They are a football team - like the Dallas Cowboys.
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba. I think he is great. Do you like him?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I'm a huge fan of his though.
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by this author or self-help books?
he also wrote Principle Centered Leadership if that helps. Have you heard of this one?
That's the only book I know from 1989 by Stephen R. Covey.
ok great choice. Hope you enjoy!
I love it! It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a great movie. Have you seen it?
You like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a family movie
Oh yes, I have heard of the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End. Have you seen it?
He is a great actor, one of my favorite actors also. Have you seen The Rum Diary?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to know more about that?
The Man on the Moon is a great one! Another great drama you might like is War of the Worlds.
Great! You might like War of the Worlds then.
Great! I would also recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a great read.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Sure, Lauren Oliver wrote To Have and Have Not, And he is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
It's considered a Romance and Speculative Fiction. A great book for you.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon.
That is true. Did you know that he also plays the piano and the guitar?
Yes, he is also a musician like The Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yeah, it was a really great game as well!
Oh I forgot about that. Did you know he is from South Korea?
The Island is a science fiction action film starring Tom Everett. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure, have you seen Zombieland or X-Men 2?
It's a good movie. It's starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Glad to be of help
I am not a big fan of his but I do enjoy the action film Harsh Times. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, he was in a great film
The The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
You're welcome!
I know it was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Adventure Fiction genre. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure,it was the next in the series The Throne of Fire
you are welcome
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Brazil national football team
Yes, the football team is a great team.
Yes, The Dallas Cowboys are a great team.
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote a few books like Xenocide, Wyrd Sisters, and Xenocide. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is in English. Did you know that it was also released in English?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like basketball. I'm a big fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
I don't know much about them , but I do know that New York is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
I see he wrote Candide.
I actually don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
You might enjoy The House of Mirth or The Glass House. They are both musicals.
You're welcome!
Sure, Do you like the author Ernest H. Shepard or just children's literature?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Think you might like that one too.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for Liverpool and is from Honolulu.
Oh yeah that's where the New Jersey Devils play at.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks, I believe.
Football is my favorite team. Especially football movies like Remember the Titans.
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you be interested in because it is a crime fiction?
John Travolta is a great actor. He also starred in Zombieland
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, he wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
If you haven't read Spanish, let me know.
No problem!
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They have a good season, too! Are they your favorite team?
Yes. The Mets are coached by Fred Wilpon and Tyler Mane.
I think they are a good team. Are you a fan of Coach Ken Whisenhunt?
He was a wide receiver for the team. I like American Football. What's your favorite team?
No, I don't really have a favorite player. Who is yours?
Sure, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I like her. She wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. She's a great actress.
Trace is more of a thriller or suspense genre. Would you like to know more?
Oh that's great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes he is! Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891 and is non-Fiction. Do you like Non-Fiction?
It was released in 1891 and the genre is Historical period drama.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Esposito were in it.
If you like Jamel, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are the main stars. It's a Sci-Fi/Action. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, it is in the English language.
No problem! Enjoy.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I think that is cool.
Oh yes. Irish is my favorite player. I think he was born in Northern Ireland.
Yup, he's from Northern Ireland too. He has a lot of interesting subjects like Garland and Serena Williams.
Yes, I can. Scarlett Johansson is the writer and stars in it. He's a great actor.
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also a part of the series, The Strange Case of Dr. Moreau. I think you would like it!
Okay, enjoy the movie!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
Great! The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis. I'll add it to your watch list.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, I agree. Do you know any other songs from her?
I like a lot of different types. My favorite singer is Taylor Swift though, so I think she's pretty decent.
Definitely! It's new!
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that a type of genre that interests you?
Sure, Fiery Cross is a book that was written by Neal Stephenson. He also wrote Invisible Man.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II. Do you like comedy movies?
Also written by Todd Phillips, Todd Phillips wrote Old School, which is a Comedy.
Old School is a great movie. It stars many actors like Andy Dick, Joe Medjuck and Daniel Goldberg.
I'd like to watch basketball when you have time. Would you like to know more about it
Oh yes. That is a great movie. Did you know it was written by James Cameron?
I haven't read it yet but I know Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. It is a Romance novel. Have you read it?
She did! That's correct. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem! You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe in 1513.
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish.
Would you like me to add it to your list?
There are many great books like What kind of thing do you like?
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
Isn't she the author of Up and the House of Seven Gables?
It is a psychological thriller. Are you interested in those?
I would recommend Brave, it is a very funny movie
You are most welcome.
Steve McQueen is one of their major players though
Stanley Kubrick was the runner up
I don't have much information on Hardaway but I know he was drafted by the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is very good as well
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King and was released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie
Zodiac is a Thriller, Drama, and Action film.
I don't have that information at the production but I do see it is a documentary film.
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys.
That's right. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
That's okay. I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He starred in 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't have that information but I can tell you he wrote Taken
It is a fiction book about the United States that was released in 2005
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it's Non-fiction. I'm not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 1997.
Sure, you may want to check out In Cold Blood by Truman Capote.
You are welcome. Happy reading.
Yes, but tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre or the actors?
Predators has genre Sci-Fi as well as Action and Adventure, do you like those genres?
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie!
Insurgent is starring Michael Arndt and Kate Winslet, it was released in 2012.
Enjoy!
I've never read it, but I love the book! I think it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Sure. The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are a couple more. Do you like Drama books?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Yes, it is! Sex is a great actor, He starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Yes! She was! She was also in Tootsie with Sean Penn!
Yes, he was in many great films, including Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans, and The People Speak.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham was an actor. He starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, to name a few.
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a psychological thriller.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it's a sci-fi movie starring Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like their work?
Yes, it is science fiction.
No problem. Enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What's yours?
No, I am not a huge football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I do. Did you know they were coached by John Fox and Jerry Richardson owns the team?
Did you know they lost to the Seahawks today?
I like the Steelers and Patriots. What do you think?
If you like Outlander, the book is written by Charles Dickens.
If you like sci-fi, the author or the genre, the book is in the family genre.
Xeneo DiCaprio is another great Sci-Fi novel. You may be interested in the sci-fi series The Island of Dr. Moreau.
You're welcome.
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and it is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Oh, that's a great book. Then you'll like Truman, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl.
I'd recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. It's in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, not very familiar with them. I did find they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I know of FC Bayern Munich, but that's it. What sport do you like?
I believe he is a Tennis player. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, One for the Money is a science fiction book written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like crime fiction?
That was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote The Twilight Diaries and she also wrote The Chemist.
Yes, it is part of the series. There are quite a few entries like The Twilight Diaries and The Chemist.
You are very welcome!
Inside Out is a family comedy film starring Denzel Washington.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Sarah Silverman. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes she did . It has a television show and also has a genre of Drama.
She has starred in such movies as There's Something About Mary, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, and She's All That a romantic comedy.
Sure! Ron Howard has starred in A Beautiful Mind, The Missing. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Ron Howard directed A Beautiful Mind, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
He also directed Gone Baby Gone which was directed by him.
Well, it seems that he acted too, would you like me to put it on your watch list?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Or are you a fan of Angelina Jolie? She starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
No, the Box was written by Richard Kelly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and was released in 2000. Enjoy the movie!
Sure. You may also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author?
I'm not sure about the genre but Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'd recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so Zero Dark Thirty is in the same genre.
Sure! The movie was based on a book by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Go Ask Alice is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome. You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in X-Men: First Class?
All About Steve is a comedy, romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I've heard it's a good book, but I don't like young adult fiction. Is that your favorite genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you interested in any of these?
It's an autobiography.
You're welcome.
Sure, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote Toy Story and The Snake Pit.
It was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she did write My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. She also wrote Landline
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote the animation film Wreck It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the film. If you like John C.Reilly, you should check out the movie.
Wide Sargasso Sea is a good family movie. It is also a Walt Disney movie.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's romantically in love with Rory McIlroy
Serena is fantastic! Venus has great players like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal.
Hair Show is a comedy. It also starred Jena Malone.
Sure! He starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Stephen McEwan, Stephen Baldwin and Stephen Dillane
Sure, Watchmen is a comedy-drama, it is also a horror film and a suspense movie.
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past is also a science fiction movie. Have you seen that one?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you'll like The Golden Compass and The Fall if you haven't already read them.
Yes, it's part of the series. Then you'll like it. It's part of the series.
Sure, you'll like The Golden Compass and The Fall if you haven't already. They are both in that genre.
Sure, enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier.
It's a mystery novel. Do you like those types of books?
No. Do you mean the movie starring Daphne du Maurier?
No problem. I hope you enjoy!
I really don't like them. I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
Hugh Jackman is their coach. What is your favorite team?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was a great sport.
What do you think of LeBron James?
I know he's a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I do know he plays Forward.
Yes! It is located in the home stadium.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read it?
It is also a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
You might enjoy the next book in the series by James Patterson. It is part of a series.
It was! You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you know it?
That is a great song. One of my favorite songs is What I Like About You. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't. Who is your favorite singer?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
Sure, it's a fantasy book and released in 1961. I highly recommend it!
Great! Would you like to know anything else about the book?
Great, have a great day!
Well, I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Do you want a movie related to Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is also a Crime Fiction.
Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in Zulu. I'm sure you will like it.
Welcome
That's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Well, that's the next in the series is Thirteen Reasons Why.
Okay, then I'll add them to your list.
It was released in 2007. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes! It's an autobiography written by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are well liked books by her.
It was released in 1817. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. They are mystery movies.
The Red Violin is a thriller and was produced by Steven Spielberg. Do you like this movie?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
