Sure, do you like action movies?
He also starred in Who's That Chick, which is a thriller.
What about The Hitman's Bodyguard? Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is not a movie but The Hitman's Bodyguard is an action movie. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she wrote?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2012 and is a comedy
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary
She's been in a lot of movies including There's Something About Mary and Titanic. Have you seen them?
Sure. The other actors in that movie are Will Ferrell, Tom Everett, and Diane Keaton.
It was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no information about that here, but I can tell you The Truth About Forever is a good one.
no that is correct. have you ever read The Moon and More?
you are welcome do you want to know more about Dreamland?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance starring Don Cheadle. If you like Don Cheadle, you might also like The Guard. Have you seen it?
Yes, Don Cheadle stars in it as well as Don Cheadle.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. team, but I don't know much about the sport. Do you like baseball?
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know a few players on the team. Isn't he also a cricket player?
Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persuasion.
Pushing Tin is written by Robert A. Heinlein.
Enjoy and don't forget it.
You're welcome!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
No, I don't really know him. What sport do you like?
Yes, I watch it sometimes. My favorite sport is Basketball. What sport do you like?
Do you watch any other sports besides basketball?
No, I really don't watch any professional cricketers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis.
Yes, I believe so. He was also in Shaun of the Dead, which is a great movie!
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is an action film.
Of course, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the X-Men
Would you like to hear about other romantic films in that genre?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
The Game is a really good movie. Do you like it because it stars Spike Jonze?
Yes, I like them. It has genre Thriller. Are you into thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
She's great, he directed This Means War, it is a great movie.
It was written by Are Marshall. It's a great movie! McG McG McG also directed This Means War.
I do not have that information right now. But I can tell you that Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall?
Do you need anymore suggestions about movies starring Brian Geraghty?
No, it is a Horror film and it was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about The French Connection?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to know more about The Devil?
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
You might enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon, are you a fan of his, or do you like other books by him?
Do you like it because it's a Romance?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is also a young-adult fiction.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Unforgiven starred David Koepp and Kevin Smith. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Call if you like Unforgiven, you might like that.
If you like Unforgiven you should check out Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of those?
There's The Handmaid's Tale which was directed by Josh Hutcherson.
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Madonna is an icon. She starred in What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It's more of a sci-fi/fantasy film. I'm not much of a fan of Madonna, but I do know that she has a new voice.
Yes, he did. He starred in Snoop Dogg, Who's That Girl, and Swept Away. What a great movie!
He plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
Yes, he did. I know he is from India, is that who you are talking about?
You are welcome. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you like the author or Amy Poehler?
have you heard of Kristin Hannah. anything else i can do for you?
this is a drama. what else can i do for you today?
she is a screenwriter for Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
Not really but I know it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Magic Johnson.
You're welcome!
He directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Sure, Woody Harrelson, Paul McCartney, and Marcia DeBonis just to name a few.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Your welcome
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Alongside Liam Neeson Megaton, he also starred in Taken 3. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure but it does star Taken 2 and Olivier Megaton.
Can I help you with anything else?
I am not a big football fan but I do know that they are having a good season this year.
I don't think it was their last game against the Patriots.
Thanks for the info!
Sure. If you like Iron Man you might also like the movie X-Men or the Avengers.
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
She was in The O.C., When You Were Sleeping and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
Of course. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you looking for more books by Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music is written by Roger Zelazny. It was released in 1988.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
That was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like Man on Wire or Gross Point Blank.
Have you seen The Man from U.N.C.L.E?
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of her music but I do know he is a musician and a musician.
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she does regular TV appearances on the show Mad About You
Not at this moment,But I do know that she is married to Natalie Portman. What do you think?
Of course. Something Borrowed wrote is a romance novel. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, it was written in English.
Then you might like The Exorcist or The Fountains of Paradise.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy comedy This is 40 as well as the romance film Knocked Up. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was written by Shel Silverstein and produced by Peter Hyams.
Yes he did, and he also starred in Zero Dark Thirty, which is a comedy.
He directed Year One, Where the Wild Things Are. He also produced that one.
Sure, he has starred in Vacation and it has a lot of drama in it.
He wrote The Pick-Up Artist and The Man Who Knew Too Little
Sure, enjoy!
Brendon Urie is a composer and songwriter. he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
At The Disco is a good one too
Yes, i like them too. My favorite is The Disco.
He is such a great singer. I haven't heard of him
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
If you like Ben Stiller, I think you should check out Zoolander. It is a good movie.
It is a Romantic Comedy with Willie Garson.
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
If you like historical fiction you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Of course! Anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a great day!
Sure, Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
He wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes! Did you know Alice Walker wroth The Color Purple and starred in Fierce Light?
I am not sure
I would highly recommend Speculative fiction
your welcome
Would you like to hear some other Drama/Mystery movies?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information right now. Is there something else I can help you with?
Aside from Oldboy, it's a Thriller, it's a Thriller, for sure!
She stars in a thriller called No Country for Old Men.
Enjoy!
The Ice Storm is a good one from Ang Lee.
The Skeleton Key is a similar work he produced. Are you interested in any other genres?
Sure! He starred in Men in Black 3 which is a romantic comedy, and The Nightingale. Have you seen it?
She is a good actress! She was in the movie The Stone Angel. You would like that one!
It is a crime drama. Do you typically enjoy crime dramas?
Jurassic Park was written by Steven Spielberg. Its a great movie.
Yes there was. Jurassic Park III is a film starring Denzel Washington.
Yes, he did. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World as well as Safety Not Guaranteed.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, did you know he is from Honolulu?
I am not familiar with that movie, but I do know Adam Sandler is in that movie as well.
Yes. I have one of my favorites that is Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read those?
The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman was also released in fantasy, which is an adventure movie.
That's right! The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle Earth.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller, as well as My Soul to Take, are you familiar with those?
Yes! I highly recommend it!
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like those actors?
Then you might also like Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen those?
You might want to check out Zombieland if you want to watch that one.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He also starred in a movie called Affair, which is a drama.
Sure. She also starred in the movie Ack-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure. The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama and a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is that a comedy?
He was in it as well. It was a comedy too.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a Thriller and starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and it was produced by Roderick Thorp and starred in Hudson Hawk
Yes that is a great one to watch.
Alien is a series of movies. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen them?
Sure, I can recommend an excellent sci-fi movie titled Avatar. It was released in 2010. Have you seen it?
Bats was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
The Invisible Man and The Avengers are also good ones. Have you seen those?
She does, but I'm not sure about Shawnee Smith is in it, but I can add it to your watch list!
Certainly! Enjoy!
I sure can! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men.
Repo Men is written by John Lennon. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
He also wrote a movie called All My Sons.
Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room. Have you read it?
The End was released in 2014 and is a mystery/fantasy genre
Sure, he was a professor, and a professor, when he was a kidnaps a baby
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son named Justin. I think he is a musician too.
I have! It's such a great movie! I highly recommend it!
I'll send you a link now.
Yes I do. He starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama that I think you will really like. It's a drama.
It starred Winona Ryder and Michael Stahl-David. It's a drama film.
It's a good film. Enjoy!
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
Not really. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I have a hard time talking to you! How do you feel about the sport?
Sure, it was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote The Cloak Society which was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote a blockbuster starring J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Dwight Schar and John Fox. Are you a fan?
Warpaint is in a drama/fantasy genre. Do you have a favorite team?
They're also part of the AFC West. Are you a fan of them?
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great read.
Yes. 2008 was the year that they released The Lady Elizabeth.
Have you read anything by Allison Weir?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
What type of music do you like?
Of course, I like all of his music. My favorite is The Giver, though. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Boston team, but he is also a coach and a musician.
Yes they would. The Boston Celtics have a lot of interesting team, but my favorite team is the Lakers. Want to know more?
Sharlto Copley is the final.
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been made into a movie too.
Yes, рестуание и накаание and диот?
Yes, you are right. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
Glad I could help!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of The Oz books. Other books in the series are The Marvelous Land of Oz and The Ozma of Oz.
If you enjoy that one, I recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
Do you prefer the fantasy or children's literature?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Dortmund team. Do you like football?
Yes he does, the team is a soccer team that is a German soccer team. I don't know much about the sport.
Yes, you are correct! He is also a part of the Mumbai Indians team.
It's a good movie. It was written by Ron Howard. Do you like his work?
Are you looking for other books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses?
Unfortunately, I don't have any other books written by Sarah J. Maas, but I can find some other great books titled A Corn of Thorns.
How about The Assassin's Blade? I highly recommend it!
You're welcome
James Cameron directed True Lies and Aliens. Have you seen those?
It does star Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might like Welcome to Temptation, Water for Elephants or Water for Elephants.
Yes, it's considered a romance and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not a big tennis fan, but I do know Venus Williams was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Who is your favorite player?
I like them both. I thought Martina Nava was great in that movie.
I actually don't know much about her but I do know that she has a relationship with Tiger Woods
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won the U.S. Women's Gold Award?
What other sports do you like to watch?
Do you like Sylvia Day because she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day?
I don't know that, but I do know that Sylvia Day wrote Reflected in You, Is that a Romance?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin which is another great one you might like.
Sure! Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also written The Year of the Flood.
All of her books are considered historical fiction. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
You are very welcome! Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
I know a little bit about him. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you heard of them?
He also starred in "Carlos" which is a thriller I believe. He also starred in "The Murder on the Orient Express" which is a comedy.
Sure! This movie was released in 1994 and was directed by James Cameron. Are you familiar with his work?
Of course! Other novels include "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp, The Gods of Mars and The World According to Garp. Have you read those?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
It was released in 2014 and is a Romance Novel. It was written in English.
Another fantasy novel you might enjoy is The Dark Knight by George R.R. Martin. That's a great read.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
It was published in 2014. It's considered a Romance Novel.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland starring Christian Bale. Do you like historical period drama?
Machine Gun Preacher is in the genre Mystery and Psychological Thriller.
Joel Edgerton stars in Neverland. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2002 and is a mystery movie.
Sure.
your welcome
Yes I do! He wrote A Seperate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
It's a novel with the same author, John Knowles, and is considered a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, Un Lun Duns has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Absolutely!
The Waves is a good one. Have you read it?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
I would suggest Wicked Lovely, it is a historical drama.
Emily Bronte is a great author. She wrote Wuthering Heights which was released in 1847.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool. Then you'll like Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. Have you read those?
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy that movie because it is a thriller?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he's a musician who is also a musician?
I'm glad to help.
The Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy movie, would you like to hear more about this movie?
The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor is a fantasy movie. Have you seen that?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Mindy is a writer. He wrote Days of Blood, The Office, and The Right Stuff. Have you read any of those?
Sure, it is a biography and was released in 2005 in English.
I do not know that information at this time.
Enjoy!
Aylmer Maude wrote мерт вана илиа and it's in the English language.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина аренина. She also wrote аренина.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Titan's Curse. Have you read any of those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
Madsen also directed Riding Hood.
Yes he is a football player from England. He plays the forward position.
You know, I don't know much about him except that he plays soccer but I do know that he also plays the forward position.
Yes he is. You should check it out.
Yes I did. He's a great actor. He also starred in This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was, along with a lot of other great actors such as Jeremy Renner, a pianist, and a journalist.
If you liked Colin Firth, you should check out Terminator Salvation and Minority Report. Both great films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Would you like to read it?
Yes, that was a good one! She also wrote This Is the End which is another good one.
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010 and is an English language book. It was written by Lauren Kate. Are you interested in her work?
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2.
Yes. It also stars Johnny Depp. Are you familiar with his work?
You might want to check out The Rum Diary if you haven't seen it already.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Meeting was great!
I know that they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
I don't know of any of their current players, but I do know David Beckham is playing for them
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird which was released in 2015. She also wrote Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you read that yet?
There is a movie version of The Last Lecture if you haven't already
It's a teen drama.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
Tim Long and Nancy Cartwright wrote The Simpsons movie.
Yes, they are. He has a lot of different talent, including Steve Carell, Selena Gomez, and Jena Malone.
You are welcome.
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan and I prefer American Football.
You should check it out. It seems there was a lot of interesting authors.
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it stars Orlando Bloom?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor with Troy Garity.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
If you Reach Me is a young adult fiction you might enjoy The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and was released in 2002. Do you like her?
I would recommend That Awkward Moment. It is a cute comedy. Have you ever heard of it?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
Daniel Radcliffe is a TV show but I am not sure he starred in Twilight. He has a TV show but I think I'm sure it is worth watching.
No, he does not have a TV show but he starred in Someone Like You which is a comedy.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Grindhouse stars are Zombieland, West Side Story, and Death Proof. Have you seen any of these?
Oprah Winfrey, Scarlett Johansson and Tracie Thoms.
Great! It's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in movies as a voice actor?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those sound good?
He also did a great job in To Kill a Mockingbird. The Manchurian Candidate was a great one.
The Dirty Dozen also stars Emma Thompson and Charlize Theron. I am not sure about her.
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
S.M.A.R.T CHASE is a thriller he starred in.
Yes, I'll have to check it out. It's a great movie.
I'm not a big tennis fan but I know her and her sister Serena are very talented.
Serena is really better, but she seems to have never been as good as Serena Williams.
Wow, I didn't know that! But, I know she is an actress.
I don't know a lot other than he plays for the Colombia national football team, but I do know that he is also a midfielder and is from Bogota.
I don't but I believe he is a forward and a midfielder.
Yes, I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Absolutely! It is a great movie. It was written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
If you like comedy you would like Home Alone. It's more of a thriller and was released in 2010. There's also a sequel as well.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I didn't see that one but I've heard a lot of his music. I think he's married to Jordin Sparks.
Absolutely. I am going to add to my list. Thank you for the information.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it stars Morgan Freeman?
He wrote the Mists of Avalon which is a crime fiction piece. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have fun!
Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
You are correct! Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking Glass Wars, which is a thriller.
Yes. Her other books are Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a great actor. He starred in Warcraft and The Transporter 2. Have you seen those?
Our Kind of Traitor is a thriller, crime drama. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome, I'll add it to your watch list.
You are welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player, do you like cricket?
He plays cricket, what else can i do for you?
Yes, he does.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is from India, who also play cricket.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either?
It was published in 1895 and was made into a movie starring Aldous Huxley.
Yes, you are correct. It was released in 1984 and is a great book. I recommend it.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 1875.
He wrote Ant-Man, The Assassin's Blade, The Underworld, and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read any of those?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Without Remorse is a thriller, thriller and suspense movie. Are you into that genre?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you you or are you looking for something in the same genre?
The genre is Science Fiction
Matt Damon starred in Thirteenth Floor. Would you like to know more about it?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author, J.K. Rowling?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Good. I can't wait to see it. I know it was written by him but I don't know what other Romance films she starred in.
Yes. I think he starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Yes, I know that The Client is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Drama/Fantasy genre. Is that your favorite?
The Firm is starring John Grisham, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
He is a football player, but I don't know much other than he plays for the Argentina national football team
I don't know , but I know he plays as a forward
I enjoy watching college baseball and football but I don't follow the sport either. What sport do you like?
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it is soccer but i don't know much about the Packer either.
I am not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, I am more of a soccer fan
I agree. They have good players, though.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a romantic novel?
It is a mystery novel, do you like that genre?
Sure. Enjoy.
Your welcome.
Have you heard of Pride and Prejudice with Zombies?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner?
It's a fiction, but I do not have an information on the genre.
No problem. I am here for you.
Yes, she did. Did you know she also sang I Really Like You?
Yes I did, that was a good one! She also starred in The Truman Show.
Oh, yea, I like all of her music. She was a regular on The Voice.
He directed both The Godfather and The World According to Garp.
The Others starred Scarlett Johansson, Michael Glaser, and Nicole Kidman.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which was released in 1856. Do you like that book?
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance Novel.
Yes, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you might want to check out The Return of the Native by William Shakespeare.
It's a classic! It was written in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
It's a Romance novel. If you like romance novels you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
You might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too. He starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I don't have that information right now.
It was released in 2004
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
There's Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, The Road to El Dorado, and many more. Have you heard of any of these?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Scalzi
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 1988.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Villette and The House at the Water's Edge. Have you read those?
No, I am not sure if Jane Eyre was adapted to The Eyre Affair.
Have a great day!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
Other books written by Paulo Coelho are The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's Literature and Speculative Fiction.
He was an author born in San Francisco, and is considered a teacher.
I don't know a whole lot but he plays for the Boston Red Sox. Do you watch basketball?
I like sports. What is your favorite sport?
Yes I do like the Lakers. I am a Lakers fan.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it is called The Alchemist. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho was influenced by James Cameron. Would you like to know more about The Alchemist?
I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. There's another book in the same series, titled "Little Altars Everywhere". From what I can gather, they both take place in Louisiana
She wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere
Ok, I can help with anything else.
Absolutely! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read those?
Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, it is an action film. If you like Kodi's he also starred in Boogie nights.
You are welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence starred Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about this actor or genre?
If you liked that one you should check out The Passage if you like dramas.
You are welcome have a great day I know you will enjoy.
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. Are you a fan of his?
I believe he is a Psychological Thriller and a Comedy. Are you a fan of that genre?
I'm not sure, but I do know it was produced by Gary Oldman who was in The Green Hornet.
Do you like this book because it is speculative fiction?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
Another book he wrote that is adapted into a film starring Stephen Fry.
You are welcome.
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB but since he left I am lukewarm about them. How about you?
He was in the movie What Happened to Goodbye. Have you seen it?
Oh ok. That's right. Do you know of any other TV shows that he starred in?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell. He was also in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
That's right! Evan Almighty has been in so many films, including Tom Hardy, Chris Rock, and Oprah Winfrey.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi movie. It was released in 2001 and was directed by Tom Cruise.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a really good movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Do you like thrillers?
Quentin Tarantino has also written Grindhouse which is a thriller. He also wrote Grindhouse which is a thriller.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he starred in The Kite Runner. It was written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up. Have you seen those?
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help. Have you seen it?
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Sure, no problem! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was directed by Kenny Baker. He also directed the movie Star Wars. Have you seen it?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones. It was written by George Lucas. Are you a George Lucas fan?
Yes it is. Star Trek vs. Aliens is written by George Lucas.
Sure! Do you like fiction? You might want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She also wrote Circling the Sun which is another one she wrote. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015
I am not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure if she's acted in but I can tell you she also starred in A Good Day to Die. Have you seen that one?
If you like Red Dawn, you should watch Back to the Future Part II. It's a great movie.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a great movie!
OK. I'll add those to your list. Thank you!
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Talia Shire and Sofia Coppola.
Yes, he starred in that movie and was also in Apocalypse Now.
Yes he did. And the movie starring Robert Duvall, did you know that?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, another Romance Novel is Where Rainbows End. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels you might want to try Undead and Unwed or Unwed.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Män som hatar kvinnor
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitter Blue.
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Margery Williams Bianco is also a writer and an athlete. There is also a film adaptation starring William Nicholson.
Sure, The Velveteen Rabbit is in the speculative fiction genre, and was written by William Nicholson.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and is also a children's literature
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
Not a big fan but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
It's been a while since I've seen it. What sport do you like to watch?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology. Would you like to hear more about this author?
The Lost Hero is a Romantic Drama
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are very welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
I know that Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, but I don't know who else stars in it. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do! He wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Titan's Curse.
I'm not sure. However, The Prince is Science Fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. Would you like to read it?
Yes, I love his music! Did you know he is also a musician?
Yes, he is very talented and has won a lot of awards.
I am going to add to my read list. I hope I have been helpful with you.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's which is a crime fiction novel. Have you read this one?
No problem, I am here for you.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a story about the life of Henrietta Lacks.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it's a great book, written and directed by David Ayer.
She has a great voice. I think she is very talented. She is very talented.
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, but I like the movie Valentines Day, which is one of my favorite songs.
I didn't know that. Is she a popular singer?
Sure! She starred in The Princess Diaries, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for something similar to Coming of Age?
If you are looking for something similar to The Secret Life of Bees, you should give The Two Towers a try.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Posthumous Papers. Have you read any of these?
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is a Suspense influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you a fan of his?
He writes a lot of children's literature, including The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and A Christmas Carol,.
Happy to help!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime movie?
Of course, I liked that one as well. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, I can tell you that Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary which is a comedy/drama.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, I think so. Do you know Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables 2?
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt. He is a great actor.
The book written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is Fantasy, Children's Literature and Fantasy. Is that your favorite?
If you like the City of Bones series, you might also like The Iron Trial or The Princess Diaries.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Royal Kill stars Keanu Reeves and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
I don't know a lot about him but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
That's cool. What do you think of him?
I'm a huge tennis fan. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What do you think?
You are very welcome
Yes, he wrote the movie Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred in Door to Door with Sean Connery. Have you seen it?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls starring in The Fast and the Furious which was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it also starred William Petty and Emily Bronte.
You're welcome.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Its a soccer team
Yes, he is
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician who also plays cricket
That's right! He plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also directed it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in Million Dollar Baby. He was also in it. Do you like his movies?
Sure. Can I help you with anything else?
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Live Of Others Is a good one!
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I am not sure of the answer for that, but I can tell you The Tourist is starring Angelina Jolie Pitt.
I am not sure who wrote it, but the film was released in 2004 and directed by Ang Lee.
Glad I could help!
I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing a great job leading the team. Who is your favorite coach?
How are you going to watch the NBA All-Rookie of the Year?
Oh. I didn't know that! What sport do they play at?
Of course! Jane Eyre wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Man and the Sea. Have you read any of those?
Jane Eyre is actually a book he wrote. She wrote The Fountains of Paradise
Two By Two is a good romance novel
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching college baseball and baseball. What about you?
No I didn't. I know he is from Canada.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's postmodern literature fable and also children's lit.
You are welcome.
I don't know a whole lot, but I do know that he is a boxer and fiction. Do you know if that interests you?
It was written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
Yes he did and he directed The Other Boleyn Girl, The Mask, and Mystic River. Have you seen any of these?
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does this book interest you?
Yes. 1600 was the same year that The Winter's Tale was released
I am not sure about that but The Tragical Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark was.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He plays on a Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really but I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do! She's a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
Yes. She won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year!
Yes, she is very talented. She also wrote Call Me Maybe.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is sci-fi or horror?
Yes, he starred in Jaws 2 as well. It is written by Peter Benchley.
You are welcome, I am glad I could help.
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure. Amelie is written by Frances Mayes. It's a romance novel.
Amelie is a French Thriller and Drama.
Definitely! He starred in The Skeleton Key, The Tournament, and The Pathfinder. Have you seen any of those?
The skulls is an Thriller and science fiction film
It was released in 2012 and is in English.
If you like that genre, you might also like World Without End, or Zodiac, both starring Craig T. Nelson.
I am not sure but I can tell you she is also a producer and a musician?
You're welcome
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
I do. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which is your favorite team?
I do like football. I'm a Miami Dolphins fan. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is written by Nick Cassavetes. I can't agree with you, but I do know that he is also a musician!
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is popular. I think some of their music is very popular too.
Yes I do. American football is my favorite team. Who is your favorite team?
That's true. They had a good record. Who was your favorite player?
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but I'm not a big fan of the team. I like the New England Patriots.
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
Sure, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are some of his work.
Yes, it was based on a true story. It was released in 1979.
Sure, which genre do you prefer, Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it stars Sean Penn. Do you like his movies?
Garfield also stars in Vamperifica which is a Sci-Fi drama.
I don't have much information but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
Not a big fan of basketball. But I do know that the team is owned by Steve Kerr and Jason Kidd.
Not a big fan of tennis but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I haven't heard of it but I heard it was an awesome movie. Who was in it?
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. She also voices Meg Griffin. Have you seen those?
Ted starred Seth Rogen, Emily Bronte, and Julie Kavner. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
That is correct. He was in The Birdcage with Robin Williams. It is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance?
Yes, I do. It was released in 1969 and also starred Winona Ryder.
Yes I do, I know that Orlando Bloom starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I'm not sure if he was in The Good Doctor. I do know that Shark Night Stars Katharine McPhee.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Sure, he starred in Wolverine, The Proposal and The Legend of Tarzan.
Did you know Waiting also starred Robert De Niro?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is a historical period drama, or because it is a historical period drama?
He was in The People Speak, Push, and Inside Job. Have you seen any of those?
He's in some great action movies like The Third Wheel, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
Youre welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy. Are you familiar with him?
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama you may like. Have you seen it yet?
Confused was released in 1994 and is a mystery genre. Have you seen this movie yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is a thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you enjoy thrillers?
Of course, it is categorized as a drama, a psychological thriller and a drama. I think you will really enjoy it.
Of course, I think you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's pretty good, but it's more of a sci-fi film.
They are a sports team. One of the better teams in the NFC East.
They play in the NFC East, but I am not a fan of the Cowboys.
Are they looking good this year? I do not know much about the Patriots.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
Sure, It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and James Franco. Are you a fan of any of them?
Channing Tatum starred in The End. He also starred in The Green Hornet.
He also directed The Young Messiah.
The Vow stars Tom Hanks, Mindy Kaling, and Judy Greer.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a sci-fi film.
Great! Have a great day.
Schindler's List is a thriller that you might like.
The Lion King is a popular movie she was in.
If you liked that one, you may also enjoy The Prisoner of Zenda. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gill.
He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen those?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have a good day.
Yes! He is a great soccer player with Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
I don't know much about Fabrio Capello, but i know that he also coached Woody Strode.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
He also wrote The Nanny Diaries which is an animated film. Have you seen it?
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
There are so many great ones from South Korea, like The Other Boleyn Girl, and Beloved by the Coward Robert Ford.
I'm not sure, but I know they starred in a movie called Men in Black 3 which was filmed in Seoul. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network and many more. Have you seeing any of those?
It also stars Olivia Williams and Emily Blunt.
Anytime, enjoy.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Power of Forgiven.
Do you like it because it's a drama?
The Wolverine starred Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman. Just to name a few.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he is a famous athlete for soccer. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know what movies he was in, but I know he is also a musician and a model.
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in the movie A Very Long Engagement, which is a romantic comedy.
Danny Collins, who is also a musician, and a model.
Are you a fan of Epatha Merkerson films? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
It is a science fiction film. Do you like those kind of movies?
Yes! The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are two dramas I would recommend.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
Yes that is correct. Steven D. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything!
I haven't read any of his books from Duanesburg. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
Yes, Steven D. Dubner is the author of Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything!
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you heard of those?
Yes, would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, I love his movies!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like them?
Sure, I can tell you the story is a drama and a thriller
Yes I can, one of my favorite songs is The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
Yes. Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 in the English language and is a mystery/fantasy genre. Is that your favorite?
It came out in 2014. Would you like me to add this to your reading list?
No problem! Enjoy!
I think he is from Oakland, is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
I didn't know that! That's what he's in. I know he is a point guard.
I have a favorite. My favorite is the Lakers, where Don't you think?
Quentin Tarantino starred in the thriller Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It was written by E.B. White and produced by R. R. Tolkien.
Grindhouse is a thriller with a bit of drama. It is also directed by David Ayer.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and starred Jim Carrey who also wrote Toy Story 3.
Yes. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph and License to Wed among others.
Yes. I recommend Year One, Waiting to Exhale, and The Place Beyond The Pines.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Zambezia which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Zambezia also starred in Tezz, The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and Robert De Niro.
It's a romantic comedy, do you want to know more about this genre?
You're welcome, have a great day!
The Nets are considered a Basketball team. The Nets are a team owned by Wayne Weaver.
That is a great movie. Did you like the actor Zak Penn or the genre?
He's a great actor. You might also like the Avengers: Infinity War.
It is a action movie and is directed by Kenny Baker.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel written by David Ayer. Would you like to know more about Voyager?
Yes, it is a romance novel in the same genre, similar to The Way of Shadows.
Glad to be of help!
I don't know who she is. I know she is a tennis player from India. I don't watch much tennis though.
Not really, I know that Serena Williams sisters are in it. What sport do you like to watch?
Hair Show has won many awards! Especially the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He starred in Looking for Richard
These movies are Sci-Fi and Comedy.
Not that I know of but Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. If you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and is a romance novel. Are you familiar with his work?
She also wrote Return of the Jedi and The House of the Seven Gables.
You're welcome.
Yes! She is a singer, songwriter and a musician.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you typically listen to his music?
It was released in 2010. That was a great year for you.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I do, he starred in a movie called Nomad, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes that's a crime fiction. I like The Hurt Locker and The Hurt Locker. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but The Hurt Locker is a really good movie with the same actor.
Great. I'll add it to your list.
Sure. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
Yes. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Sure. How about A Christmas Carol? It's a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors added to your watch list.
You're welcome.
He is the quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like basketball?
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. It's a Romance film.
He's so funny! I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and was released in 2000.
Yes, he was. Leo Tolstoy was also a writer and a musician.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was also an author and a screenwriter.
No problem. I am here for you.
Yes, I can. I would recommend The Hiding Place, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. What would you like to know about it?
She is a good writer. I would suggest The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure. The Social Network starred Justin Timberlake and Rashida Jones. It is a Biographical film. Do you like Biographical films?
Tom Everett, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Carell, and many more starred in The Social Network.
There is A Good Day to Die Hard, which is a great one
You are welcome.
Tambling is an author who wrote a biography called David Copperfield.
He was influenced by William Shakespeare and the late great William Shakespeare. You should check it out!
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of King Richard the Third?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those interest you?
It is a mystery thriller starring John Carpenter and John Carpenter. The Fog has the genre Thriller, is that what you are looking for?
Yes I love Jamie Lee Curtis as well. He is amazing! I think he is amazing as well. Have you seen Up?
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi genre. It is a thriller and science fiction film.
The Two Towers is next in the series. I would recommend the series.
Women in Love was written by Kurt Wimmer. He also wrote Lord of the Rings.
He wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Men in the Moon.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception has a genre of Science Fiction, Sci-Fi and Adventure /Adventure...
A Wrinkle in Time is a Fantasy book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Wind in the Door which follows A Wrinkle in Time in a series of books. Have you read it?
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read either of those?
Yes. It was released in 1982 and was also considered a children's literature.
The Road to Perdition and The Ruby in the Smoke are both children's literature.
I'm not sure. He's a great actor. He also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is an an indie drama.
Swarup was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies. Have you read any of his work?
He also starred in a movie called The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Glass.
The genre is Fantasy.
The Emperor's New Groove
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
Do you like this author because it's fantasy?
Yes, Zoe's Tale, I believe was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this?
I believe so. If you liked that one, you might like The Polar Express or The Last Colony.
I do, I know that Donna Tartt wrote the film The Goldfinch and was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. The book was released in 2014
Yes. Dinna Tarrt was born in Rochester in the United States of America.
Glad to be of help
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Great, I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I don't know much about it.
Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes he did. Did you know that! John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
How about The Fault in Our Stars in the future as well?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
I am not sure. You may want to try The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help!
Do you like Tim Miller's movies? He starred in Witches Abroad and The War of the Worlds.
The Goon is a great movie starring Winona Ryder and Will Smith, have you seen it?
The Black Hat is a movie I know from the past. The Goon is starring Ian McKellen
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a war/fantasy fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
It's a Spanish and Spanish film. If you like Spanish, you might also enjoy рилаение на кан
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia which is also written by Guillermo del Toro.
Can I help you with anything else?
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lord of Tides. Have you read any of those ?
That is true, do you like movies starring George Carlin?
Yes it is a book written by Michael York as well.
Yes, I like fredéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Then I do know that Frédéric Mugler starred in it.
I haven't seen them but I do know The Godfather Part II stars Al Pacino.
The Godfather II stars Robert Duvall, right?
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild with Emma Thompson. Would you like to know more about it?
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. You should check it out.
Me too! Have you heard of A Mighty Wind?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon are some of his most popular pieces of work.
Glad to be of help!
I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like her song Spring Breakers. Would you like to hear about any of them?
I'm more of a rock fan. I prefer rock, too. Who do you like?
I sure do. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
The coach of this team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
They won the 2005 UEFA Team of the Year.
I am not sure, but I know that The Maze Runner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mark Johnson wrote The Maze Runner and The Scorch Trials.
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a Non-fiction book, have you heard of it?
Yes it was made into a movie starring Robert Duvall
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great book. Other books in the genre young-adult fiction are A Walk to Remember and The Subterraneans. Have you read either of those?
It is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative fiction
i do not have information about the movie but i know it is a great teen drama
Nina Auerbach wrote an adaptation of Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Nina Auerbach wrote a famous book called The Invisible Man.
Well, she wrote a series called The Invisible Man. Have you heard of it?
You are welcome, have a good day.
Yes, it's written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It's a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure. The Time Traveler's Wife, The Return of the King, and The Good Doctor. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome. He's also in a lot of movies.
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
Yeah, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
What do you think of the Texans owner of the Texans?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more about those?
You're right! Emily Bronte and Frank McCourt are in it, too.
It came out in 1847. It's a great movie!
Sure! Wuthering Heights was released in 1847 and is written by Emily Bronte. It's a classic!
She wrote The Good Earth which was turned into a movie. I have not read it yet. Have you?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was also a romance. Do you like romance books?
I highly recommend it.
I'm glad I could help!
Yes she is a great tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Sure, she is a professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
How are they doing this year?
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released in 1989.
You are very welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes he is a good writer
I know that it was released in 2014
Your welcome, enjoy!
Crazy, Stupid Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Tangled which may be similar.
Well, if you like romance, you might enjoy The Time Traveler's Wife with Kristen Stewart.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help!
He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you heard of that one?
He is American. He also wrote The Green Mile which is a great book!
The Dead Zone is a fantasy thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
Right now I am not sure about that but The Dead Zone was released in 2003 and is a thriller
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Post which is a Romantic Comedy. Want to know more?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes, it's in the genre of a thriller and was released in 2014.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller starring Tom Hardy.
Not too much but I know they are coached by Pete Carrol.
It's Upright Citizens Brigade is Upright Citizens Brigade. Have you ever seen it?
Do you know anything about Paul G. Allen's ?
Sure, Jerry Spinelli wrote this and it was released in 1999 and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction and was written by Melissa Marr.
He is a great tennis player, do you like tennis?
That's right. He is #1 in the WTA Tour.
I like Roger Federer too. I like tennis better than Roger Federer.
I don't have any more information on books she wrote, but I can tell you that was the year that released The Virgin Suicides.
J.K. Rowlings wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her work?
You are correct. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan but I do know that they are owned by Gary Kubiak. I am not a huge fan of them.
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who are your favorite team?
They seem to be having a good season but they haven't won four Super Bowls.
Some of the best I know is that Jason Witten is their coach
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's non-fiction. It's released in 1963 and is in the Non-fiction genre. Are you interested in that genre?
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, You can check out You Got Served, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Rules of Attraction. Have you seen any of those?
Ok. Have a good day.
Well, enjoy the movie!
Yes, I like Phil Lord. He directed my favorite The Lego Movie
Sure, Channing Tatum and Jamie Foxx both starred in 22 Jump Street.
He had a voice in White House Down, which was a comedy.
Your welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Jon Favreau. Do you like him?
Great, I know you will enjoy it!
Yes, she was. No Strings Attached is one of my favorite movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a sci-fi
Then you might like World War Z, or Wolverine, have you seen those?
Zombieland starred Mike White, Emma Stone, and Derek Graf. Do you like any of those actors?
I'm sorry I do not have that information right now.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown. Have you read any of those?
Another good read is All My Sons. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, have a great day!
That was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Virgin's Lover.
Yes. Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, and Welcome to the Monkey House, to name a few.
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway, are you interested in more books he wrote ?
You got it, Where Rainbows End is a great Fiction Novel. Have you read this one yet?
To Have and Have Not is a Romance Novel that was released in 1929. Would you like to know more about this novel?
Groundhog Day is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Charlie Hunnam and Nicholas Cage starred in Year One.
Yes he was he was a great actor
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure, that is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. What would you like to know about it?
It is a sci-fi movie. I would recommend The Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Joe Morton. Have you seen that yet?
Yes, it is good. You may also like The Dead Zone which is a sci-fi movie as well.
I'm not sure if she was in it but it was directed by David Fincher.
Sure. Jean-piert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Micmacs is a thriller starring Yo-Men Apocalypto.
I do know that he starred in the movie A Bug's Life. I am not sure of his career.
Your welcome.
Yes, The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gainman books?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you interested in the author or the genre?
Your welcome.
Well, Joel Coen starred in No Country for Old Men. Would you like to know more about it?
He was in the sci-fi thriller The Shawshank Redemption and the horror film True Grit.
Cassandra Clare produced Natural Born Killers. Would you like to hear more about her?
The Dictator is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It is an adventure film. I am sure you will like it.
It sure is. You may like Zombieland and X-Men 2.
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. She also wrote The Ship of Destiny and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
She wrote The Three Musketeers which was also a movie.
Yes, he wrote the Three Musketeers which was released in 1867.
The Third Musketeers is a very popular novel, as well as The Three Musketeers.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Red House and a A Christmas Carol. Have you read any of those?
Yes it is an adventure movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like adventure movies?
Yes I have. Peter Capaldi starred in it and he also starred in Someone Like You which is a good one.
Enjoy, if you do.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well. Have you read either of those?
Yes, there is a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Catching Fire is the next in the Hunger Games genre.
In that case, I recommend The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. It's one of my favorite thrillers.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster has genre Young-adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes I do. Walking Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire, it is a crime fiction novel
You are welcome
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. She's a great actress.
Then you might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Devil's Advocate.
Matthew Vaughn is in John Wick. Would you like to know more about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she composed You Lost Me.
Yes, she did win the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. She is a very talented man.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and V for Vendetta. Have you seen either of those?
OK then. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are Family and Comedy.
Yes, it is. It's a great romance film. Have you seen it?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you looking for other books by the same author or genre?
She was also a graphic novel creator for a children's novel called The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
It was written by Richelle Mead, would you like to hear other titles by him?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did.
Sure! Did you enjoy that movie because it starred Tom Cruise or because it is an Action/Adventure movie?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring Will Ferrell or Morgan Freeman?
You might also enjoy The Rules of Attraction starring Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. It is in the Comedy genre.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that Will Ferrell was in the Action/Adventure Films. You might enjoy that one.
I'm glad to help!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is an action comedy.
You're welcome.
You might enjoy The Princess Diaries or The Secret Garden. Have you read any of these?
Yes. Have you seen the hit movie The Modern Prometheus?
You might be right. They are in English, like The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
He wrote Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
It was released in 1856, but I don't know when it was released. But I do know that it is a Romance novel.
Yes, she did. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novel?
I know they are in the NFC South Division and is coached by John Fox. Do you like them?
Are you a fan of the Cowboys? I know they are owned by Shahid Khan.
I love baseball as well. I'm more into basketball because I don't follow baseball. What sports do you like?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, there are many stars in it, including Patrick Wilson, Helena Bonham Carter and John Ratzenberger
It's more of a drama, but it's more of an action movie that I would recommend.
Yes, I will send it now. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl for the commercials. Do you have a favorite team?
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
Blade Runner is a sci-fi movie written and directed by Steven Spielberg. Both are highly recommended.
He has also starred in Thor and The Dark Knight. Have you seen those?
It has an amazing cast. It is also entertaining for a lot of people!
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr and Sarah Silverman. Do you like them?
He is in a good movie starring Keanu Reeves.
There's The Wolf of Wall Street starring Stephen Collins. It's a Horror Film, right?
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's an action adventure film.
The Way is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of these?
Roger Bart starred in Water for Elephants which is a crime fiction. Have you seen it?
The fourth element is similar to The Fury which is a Thriller.
The Bonesetter's Daughter is a good one
You're welcome
I am a fan of hers, but I haven't heard of her before. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure of any of her songs but I do know that she has a good voice. She also has a good voice.
Yes, that is a good one!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It's a children's literature that was released in 2000.
Yes. It was released in 2009 and is in English.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Its fiction.
She also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
That is an action movie and a biography. What do you like about Capone?
Capone is a drama and crime movie. If you like that, you should check it out.
It stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett.
You're welcome
silence is written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Silence?
It is a thriller and science fiction movie, do you like those?
Sure, have you watch Smurfs or All the Real Girls? They are also Drama movies
Am not sure, but the main lead in The Suspense is X-Men
Sure, enjoy
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
I believe it's a Romance Novel.
I'm not sure about that, but I believe it was adapted into a film.
Glad to be of help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
I'm not sure who stars in that movie. But I do know it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Dead Zone.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy.
Shopaholic and Baby is my favorite.
She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is a Romance Novel
Do you like Voyager?
Absolutely, Enjoy
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn that was released in 1943. Have you read it?
Yes it was released in 1943
Yes it was in the English language
How are you referring to the football team?
Well, I know that the team is owned by William Shakespeare.
Oh, I like baseball, too. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Red Sox! What is yours?
He's one of the best director's, but he directed Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo - seen any of those?
Yes, I have seen it, but I don't know much about the other movies he's starred in. He's a great actor.
Yes, he has directed many films including Full Frontal and MTV Video Music.
Yes he starred in Shackleton, Winged Creatures, and Thirteen Ghosts.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh and Kevin McNally are also in Shackleton.
It came out in 1994
He wrote Lord of the Flies which has a genre Speculative fiction.
He wrote a sci-fi genre.
If you are looking for a novel with William Goldman, he wrote The Princess Diaries which is in the fantasy genre.
You are welcome.
Sure, Sarah Dressen wrote a few famous books, including The Throne of Fire and The Wild Life. Have you read any of those?
I would recommend What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. They are both dramas.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stan Lee is in it. It is a great movie. It is a great movie.
Yes he is. She also stars in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Pet Sematary.
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about The Social Network?
You are welcome!
He wrote Things Fall Apart. Do you typically read poetry?
The Tales of Beedle the Bar is a good fiction novel, have you read it?
Yes it is and it was directed by Peter Hyams.
Your welcome have a good day
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Yes, and Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in mystery as well, crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Jason Statham, and Khaled Hosseini.
I'm not a huge fan but I do know that they are coached by Gary Kubiak. Are you a fan?
Yes, you are very talented. I like Echoes of Silence too. Have you seen it?
It looks like they made it into a movie! I think I'll watch it now.
I do. It's a mystery/sci-fi movie starring Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of his?
Some of his thriller books are The Pelican Brief and The Firm. Have you read those?
The Brethren was released in 1987. It's in the genre of Horror, Drama, and Comedy.
I am not sure of the suspense genre but I do know that The Pillars of the Earth is a thriller.
Yes. It was written in English and is also in the Drama genre.
You're welcome.
Of course! Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr Seuss Favorites.
Then you might also enjoy The Cat in the Hat or There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
How about The Cat in the Hat, How the Grinch Stole Christmas, or The Cat in the Hat?
You're welcome.
Yes, I love his music! I especially liked Maroon 5 songs. Do you like him?
That is a great song! Do you have a favorite artist?
I haven't watched any of those shows but I do know that it has a lot of actors, including Adam Levine, Kate Winslet and Jennifer Lawrence.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, that's correct. X-Men: Apocalypse Now is science fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Are you referring to The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream
Wrath of the Titans and A Midsummer Night's Dream
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes he starred in Bobbye.
I am not sure. It is a drama but I do know that it is directed by Ivan Reitman.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder which is a good one.
your welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, that's right. It's a great movie! Do you like dramas?
He was influenced by Stephen King, Tom Waits, and Peter Hyams.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature in the genre of Children's literature, Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson starred in the sci-fi film The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Ok, in fact you're right!
Under the Skin stars Scarlett Johansson, but I don't know her. I'm sorry.
I'm glad that I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action movies?
You might enjoy the movie Grindhouse, it is a thriller starring Uma Thurman.
Yes, he is. You should check it out.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
I don't know much about him, do you know who he is ?
Well he was a mayor in Mississippi Burning, he was a mayor in Chicago!
Sure, he starred in Twilight and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. If you like that movie you should check out The Apostle.
Of course, he also starred in The Last House on the Left and The House of the Seven Gables.
Yes, she is a wonderful singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years.
no, I did not. do you like her?
Wayman is a talented man. do you like basketball?
that is true. do you like basketball?
I think he is a really good artist. Do you know if I'm not mistaken?
Have you heard What Happened to Goodbye?
Did you know that he has a relationship with Chris Brown?
Yes, the movie is based on The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you he also starred in The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe you'd enjoy The Blood of Olympus. Would you like me to send it to you?
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed and starred in The Simpsons Movie. He also directed it.
You might like The Simpsons Movie, or The Road to El Dorado, if you like animation movies.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Wicked which is also a musical. Do you like musicals?
Yes, that is correct. Wicked came out in 2014 and is a play. Would you like me to add the play?
No, I do not know that but I can tell you she was influenced by Rachel Cohn.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It also starred James Cameron, Michael Byrne, and Patrick McGoohan
I don't have that information, but I do know it is also a film
You're welcome
I do! I liked The Bonesetter's Daughter. Are you familiar with that?
It is in the English language. Did you enjoy it?
The Bone Clocks was released in 2001 and is in the English language. Are you familiar with the author?
Glad to help!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
In Slither, Jack Black, Ryan Reynolds and Glenn Plummer star in Slither.
Sure, he also starred in Understood and The Usual Suspects.
I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you he is also a writer and a musician.
Yes, I believe so.
Yes. It was written by John Grisham. Would you like to know more about this?
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I can. It is a great movie! It stars Matt Damon and was directed by Chris Rock.
He was in The Green Mile, but I haven't seen it yet. I'll check it out.
If you liked that one, you should check out Gravity!
Good luck!
I am not a big fan of his. His last album was released in 2016. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, I can't remember when that was released, but I do know that The Thrill of It was on the radio for a while.
I like him as well. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Its in a language I cannot translate
What genres do you like to watch?
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu.
He also plays for the Brazilian national team.
Yeah, but I'm not sure. Miesha Tate also starred in AFC 94, which is science fiction.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure thing! He wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Are you familiar with this one?
It had a tv role in a movie titled A Brief History of Time.
Enjoy!
I like his song New Perspective. What is your favorite song?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about this author?
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Magnolia was released in 1999.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Comedy.
Underdog is a biographical film, do you like those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama starring Jason Statham and is a thriller.
Yes. He starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you heard of it?
Of course. Young adult fiction is a must-read movie. It's a speculative fiction.
It was released in 1981, would you like to know more about it?
Glad I could be of help!
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost souls and City of Bones was also released in 2011.
You are welcome. I am here if you need more recommendations.
I sure can! The Historian was written by Elizabeth Kostova. It's a great suspense movie. Do you like suspense movies?
Gone, Baby, Gone and Prayers for Rain which is one of my personal favorites. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure. I haven't read Without Fail yet. It was written by Blair Underwood. It was released in 2015.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Messenger is a good one or The Mark of Athena.
Help is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tate Taylor?
You are correct. He was also in Welcome to Sarajevo. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance and Comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
Your welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman which is a fantasy
She did, she was also in Warcraft.
He also wrote Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Your welcome, enjoy!
I know that The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology novel by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan?
Yes, I love The Titan's Curse, it's a great one! I highly recommend it!
You're welcome!
I really don't follow music as much as The Weeknd, but I do know he is married to Monica. Do you like her?
That's right, I loved her in Hotel Transylvania too.
I liked him in What Happens in Vegas, but he was nominated for Best Actress in Leading Role.
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she is also a singer?
Yes, I love Will Smith! He's a great actor! Have you seen his movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Zombieland. He was also in it as well.
he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
You might like Your Highness or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger. Have you seen any of those?
Yes Man is a great movie, that's also Romance and Comedy.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This Is The End and The Interview. He also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, This is the End is a fantasy, comedy and adventure film.
You are welcome enjoy
He starred in the Karate Kid and Rocky to name a few. Have you already seen those?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Devil's Curse, starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen it?
That one stars Tom Hanks, Heidi Klum, and Kenneth Branagh. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
You're welcome!
Would you like to hear about other movies in the same genre, or do you like other fantasy genre movies?
The Queen of Attolia is a Romance Film
No problem, do you need any other information about this movie?
I am not sure, but I know that The Order of the Phoenix is a Fantasy movie
Kevin Spacey directed this movie but I do not have that information
Your welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses.
The Shelters of Stone is a historical novel that was published in 1993.
You might also enjoy The Plains of Passage if you like that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of action genre movies. Is that what you are looking for?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Hawkins and Michael Lewis.
He sure does! He was also in Time Bandits as well.
That is correct. Would you like to add it to your playlist?
Gautam Gambhir is an athlete who plays cricket
Yes, I like it. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. I like tennis. Serena Williams is great. How about you?
What sport do you like to watch?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Michael Jordan is a great actor. I liked Space Jam. Do you know who starred in it?
I loved that one. I think Ivan Reitman also produced it as well.
I am not a fan of a coach, but I do know that they are having a good season this year
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
It is speculative fiction.
The Winter's Tale is a great one
He has written a few great books, including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
This Side of Paradise was released in 2002. Have you read it?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those?
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he also wrote a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Michael Crichton is related to Michael Crichton. He wrote a book titled Pretties.
Robin Cook has written a lot of thrillers including The Robots of Dawn, The Dark Knight, and The War of the Worlds.
You're welcome.
Well, if you like Ratatouille, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Yes he is! Jason Lee also wrote Catalyst.
You are so welcome. Enjoy!
Tambling wrote a popular version of David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
I do not know it is a biography but I do know that it was written in English
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Solo are two books written by the same author
I don't know what else he is. But I know he is married to Caroline Wozniacki
Yes, he wrote them.
Have you heard Men in Black 3?
It is speculative fiction starring Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
The Thief of Always was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He also wrote Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It's a great movie! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might also enjoy The Return of the King or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
Yes, I love that one too. I think I'll watch him now.
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a short story detective fiction novel written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like detective fiction books?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The War of the Worlds. Would you like to know more about this novel?
It's a detective fiction novel.
Yes, it is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Nick Cassavetes.
The only one that I filmed in Mexico is The Women of Brewster Place.
Sam Smith is a great singer. I love his music. Do you?
I loved her in the movie The Human Stain. I loved her in the movie The Human Stain.
I love her! My favorite song is Step Brothers. Do you like her?
I do! He's such a great actor! He starred in Two Girls and a Guy which is a romantic comedy.
No, Nora Dunn starred in it.
Do you like movies starring Ken Foree?
Great, hope you enjoy it.
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It is a novel that was published in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama.
Yes. There's My True Love Gave to Me and The Wimpy Kid if you like drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is. She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
She starred in a movie called Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
No, but My Cousin Wild Wild West is a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, he has. He also directed Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them which is an action film and The Legend of Tarzan.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Sure. Joseph Heller starred in Looper a thriller starring Denzel Washington. Have you seen that one?
World Without End is a similar piece
You're welcome!
Yes he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Sure, Diana Gabaldon and Charlize Theron also starred in Deadpool. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a good one, with a lot of action like You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
Yes. That was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fantasy fiction book
Absolutely, some books written by E. Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
That is correct. It was released in 1929 and is in the English language. I highly recommend it.
Certainly. Enjoy reading!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like those kind of movies?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand
It stars Emmanuelle Seigner,James Franco, and Danny McBride to name a few. I'm sure you will like it!
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like The Sorcerer's Apprentice or The Manchurian Candidate.
I do! He starred in We Rode in Trucks and We Rode in Trucks. Have you seen those?
I don't know that, but I do know that his song I Don't Want This Night to End is a pop album.
I don't know of any other genres. I do know that he is married to Miranda Lambert.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You're right! They are great together on Friday Night Live. Do you like that genre?
She's a great actress. If you haven't seen it I'll add that to your watch list
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Throne of Fire and The Wild Life. Have you read either of those?
I am not sure but I do know that he is a scientist and author.
I believe it is a crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books written by Kiera Cass are The Siren, The Prince, and The One. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Steven Soderbergh. what else can i do for you today?
It is. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure it is starring Ethan Hawke
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
That was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I would recommend Paper Towns.
Are you looking for other books written by John Green?
Any other recommendations you would like by John Green?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He sure did. He also directed A Walk to Remember and Water for Elephants. Have you seen those?
That is correct. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
I would recommend The Chronicles of Riddick. It was a great movie.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information, but I know that SantaLand Diaries was released in 2006. I know that it was also made into a comedy genre.
Apparently, I am not to familiar with Dorothy Parker. I know she wrote a lot of TV shows like High School Musical
Sure, it was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on that, but I can tell you it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes he is an actor who starred in Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
Thirteen Moons was written by George R.R. Martin.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I don't know off the top of my head. But I am a fan of their music. I like Dance wiv Me, too. Do you know that?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins a science fiction film starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt wrote a few books he wrote : I Am Number Four and Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt.
He plays professional table tennis. I don't know a whole lot else about him. What do you think of him?
I am not sure. Can you tell me more about Ma Long?
You are welcome, do you know about Ma Long?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English, would you like to know more about it?
She wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which was released in 1877.
You are welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Gallo and Robert De Niro. It is a Romance Film. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a good movie. If you like Robert DeNiro, you might like The Gods of Mars or The Dark Knight.
Do you like it because it is a thriller?
that is a great movie. Richard Portnow and Robert DeNiro also star in What Just Happened.
Yes. What Just Happened is also written by Art Linson.
you are welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama?
Beneath stars in What Lies Beneath, Heather Locklear, and Alden Ehrenreich.
I am not sure of the release date
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them, they are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not a big fan, but I have a favorite team. Where's your favorite team?
I don't watch much basketball but I do enjoy watching basketball. Who is your favorite team?
I like him, right? I'll watch the Lakers as well!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes Jason Statham is in that movie and he was also in The Wedding Date?
Simon West also directed The Messenger which is a comedy too. Have you seen it?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it would be considered a children's literature so I would say it is perfect for your children.
Yes, Voyager would be considered a romance but it is more suitable for the children's literature.
You're welcome.
Yes, do you like comedy-drama movies?
Other movies starring Mark Emmerich are The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, that is correct. Tom McCarthy starred in that movie.
You are welcome.
Sure! Basher Savage starred in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
There is Aeon Flux starring Hugh Bonneville which is a Sci-Fi movie. Gravity was also released in 2011.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about the football team, but I do know that they are owned by Bob McNair. Do you like football?
Who was their home venue for the Super Bowl this year?
That's true. Do you have a favorite team?
The Prestige is starring William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlett Johansson.
The Prestige is starring William Morgan Sheppard, and Roger Rees.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the other films she starred in
You are most welcome, please enjoy!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. It was released in 1918. Have you read it?
No, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
There is a book similar to Catch 22. It is written by Joseph Heller.
You are welcome
He wrote Tempted, a thriller that is similar to P.C. Cast. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It was released in 2008 and is a romance novel.
You are very welcome. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Yes I like it. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
It is. Did you know that it is in the genre of Speculative fiction?
You are correct. Did you know that Zadie Smith is a scientist?
You are welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Road to El Dorado and The Titanic. Have you seen those?
Toy Story 2 was released in 2010 and is an animated movie.
Sure, Tom Hanks, Bonnie Hunt and Timothy Dalton all starred in the film.
Of course, enjoy the movie!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great. Did you know he also did a couple of movies?
She starred in Ocean's 8, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes they are. There is a lot of information about him, especially if you like him.
I know that they are owned by John Fox and John Fox. Are you a fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Whoa. They play in the AFC West division?
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett wrote Wyrd Sisters
Wyrd Sisters and Witches Abroad are very good Speculative fiction books
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know he is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I think he is 47 years old
No, I am not sure about that! The Warriors is tall.
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Ted Tally wrote Outlander and directed The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like comedy movies?
If you liked that one, you should check out The Silence of the Lambs as well. I think you would really enjoy that one, too.
Enjoy your movie!
The Transformers is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes. Shia Lebouf also starred in The Wag the Dog. Have you seen that movie?
If you liked that one, you should check out The Philadelphia Experiment or The House of Mirth.
I do know that he is from Oklahoma City, is that right?
Not so much into basketball either. I prefer movies like Space Jam.
Yes, they played it all in the 90s. I believe it was a big game.
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes it is a series
Yes it is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London. He is a golfer from London.
That's what I am seeing right now. Do you know if Tiger Woods was in the PGA as well?
I haven't seen that one yet but I know I will check this out
Not bad, right now they are second in the NFC North. Also runners up in the super bowl XLVIII.
How are they doing this year?
Yes, they are doing great in the NFC East!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his?
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You are welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Yes I did. She was also in The Giver. Are you familiar with that movie?
The Giver was adapted into a film by Oprah Winfrey, based on the book.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
If you like young adult fiction you will like The Fault in Our Stars.
You are welcome.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes he did. It was produced by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about In Cold Blood?
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Truman Capote. You should check it out.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno starred in a lot of movies. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in The Mandymoore which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
How about Madagascar or Mornings with Joaquin Phoenix? They are both in Tangled.
You should check it out! It's such a great movie!
Larry Crowne is one of my favorite movies. It's a family movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It's starring Steven Spielberg. Are you a fan of his?
The Goonies starring Steven Speilberg is a Science Fiction movie. anything else i can do for you today?
This movie was released in 2006. Would you like to know more?
Great choice! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, it is an action movie.
He was in Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
You're welcome
Yes, it stars Scarlett Johansson and Marlon Brando as well.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Donnie Wahlberg. He is also a great director.
No, Joe Mantegna is actually the director. He does not star in The Scent of a Woman.
I'm sorry I don't have information on his films, but I can tell you he was also a director of The Godfather Part II.
Witless Protection is a drama film that also stars an amazing cast. It's a great movie!
Of course! Witless Protection is a thriller movie, and also a romance film.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl, Speak, RocknRolla, and Mama Said.
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. I like the song One Step Closes. Do you like it?
I personally like their music. I am more of a classic rock person. How about you?
Not a fan of their music but I think I might try to listen to some of their music. My favorite is The Voice. Have you heard of it?
Sure, he starred in movies like Wag the Dog, The Devil's Advocate and The Road to El Dorado.
He was in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
He was in quite a few such as The Incredibles, The Road to El Dorado and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano starred in The Family Stone as well as The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure. She was in any other movies she's starred in but The Family Stone was directed by David Ayer. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. Have you heard of these?
Of course, she also wrote The Collected Poems and Ariel.
Would you like me to send it to you?
I am not a big fan but I do know he was in the movie Moonwalker which starred Will Smith.
Thanks, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
That's right! It was written by John Lennon. You should check it out.
Sure, I can tell you he directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Ben Stiller's great. Enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Unfortunatelly, I'm only seeing Il Principe at the moment. But it was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with those?
It came out in 2014. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I am not sure about it. Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Drama, a coming of age story. The genre is fiction
Yes, it is musical. Do you like music?
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
I do not have that information right now but I can tell you Memento is a thriller that is produced by Christopher Nolan
You are welcome
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
Wow. I didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
Personally they aren't my favorite team but I think they are a very good team. What do you think?
The Scarlet Letter is considered a Romance Novel. You might also like The Princess Bride.
He wrote The World According to Garp.
Would you like to know more about The Cider House Rules?
It was published in 1979.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox.
She was in the movie The Princess Mononoke, which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It is an animated short starring Charlize Theron and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was released in 2004.
Of course. I hope you enjoy!
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in Ocean's Thirteen which is a drama. Do you like action?
Sure! The Fight Club is a drama and action film directed by David Fincher.
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that The Heath Ledger is in that movie.
Brad Pitt starred in the Men in Black 3 which is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome
It's considered a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
Certainly! It is a romance film, similar to Wild Grass.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know a lot about Cricket either. What sport do you like?
That's a interesting fact. He is from India. Have you been there?
I'm not much of a basketball fan. I do know that Lakers are coached by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown. Who is your favorite player?
Mike Brown is a good coach. Do you know if he is a good player?
Yes it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998. Have you read it?
He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well. That is a great book!
Would you like me to send it to you?
I know he plays basketball. He plays point guard position. Do you follow basketball?
I'm not sure, but he's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They're a basketball movie, but basketball isn't a sport I like. Who is your favorite player?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes X-Men Apocalypse is a thriller and was directed by Kevin Smith. It has a lot of actors in it.
Sure. Vulgar is directed by David Ayer. It is a thriller and was released in 2011. It has a lot of thrillers.
Kevin Smith is a basketball player, a point guard, and a shooting guard, averaging 3.8 shots per game. He has had a chance to win a NBA All Star Team, averaging 3.8 shots per game.
Absolutely! I am here if you need more recommendations.
I know that it is a German football league correct?
Not really but i have seen a match here and there.
I know it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure, have you read The Pillars of the Earth, The Matrix Revolutions, or The Pillars of Creation?
Confessor is a drama. It falls under the speculative fiction genre.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four starred George Clooney. Do you like his work?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a Historical Novel.
Down and Out in Paris is a historical fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
You are welcome.
It is a children's literature that was released in 1933.
I hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome
I think he is/was a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Yes they are. Did you know their team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Lennon?
I like Stephen Gostkowski as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes I do. I know he is an boxer that boxed for many years. His nickname is Money. Do you have a favorite fight with him?
Yeah, I think I'd have to look it up. I don't know much about it either.
Yes, I did know he was also a politician
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien. Are you familiar with his work?
The genre is science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to see more movies in that genre?
You could try The Warrior's Way, The House of Mirth, or The House of Mirth. Have you seen any of those?
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Carrell. It's an action adventure film.
Great, I think you will enjoy it as well.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film starring Emma Stone.
I am not sure about Emma stone. I know she starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sure, How to Win Friends and Influence People is a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living Living
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It is a great mystery thriller.
Some other great Jack Reacher movies are Zombieland and World War Z.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, I love him! He composed the Recipe have you heard of it?
Yes, I like Ziggy Marley. He has a great voice. Did you know he is from canada?
I don't know a whole lot but i know he is married to Maria Sharapova. Do you know her?
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
In that genre, I'm sure you will like The Incredibles.
Toy Story 3 is an animated movie. I hope you enjoy!
Se7en is a great movie, is that the genre you are looking for?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? It's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Hope you enjoy them!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I haven't, but I heard it's a pretty good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015.
No, but it's in English.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she has also starred in Some Kind of Miracle?
I really like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you know that one?
I am not sure if she has or not. I know that she has a lot of celebrity friends. I think I saw her on American Idol.
Yes, I do like reality television. My favorite is The Truman Show. What is your favorite?
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is a Romance movie?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this story?
The Emperor's New Groove is a good one. Have you read this?
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seend that?
It is an adventure film
Tobey Maguire starred in The Other Boleyn girl.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller, similar to The Clan of the Cave Bear.
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Frank Finlay. The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2012 and is in the English language. It's a thriller that you might enjoy.
That's a good one. It's considered a Drama, a thriller and horror film. Do you like those?
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that movie. Catch Me If You Can is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Sophy. Have you read either of these?
I am not sure but the movie was produced by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a Drama. Is that the genre you are looking for?
That's a good one! It's similar to The Selection which is also a fantasy novel and The Queen.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley
There is a movie starring Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
He was also in The Last Man and The Patriot. Have you seen any of those?
How about The Last Man written by Percy Bysshe Shelley?
Yes I do, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I know that The Fault in Our Stars is starring Tom Cruise, who also starred in Paper Towns.
I think he is a good basketball player, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes he was, do you know who starred in that movie
Yes they does become a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a Young-adult fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome, do you need more recommendations?
Yes I have, I would recommend The Maze Runner, it is science fiction.
Sure, do you like X-Men because it is sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Roger Rees is in that film. Do you like X-Men?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dillane. It's a Thriller. Does that interest you?
I have not seen it but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
I believe so! Missy Eliot was in a movie so I'm not sure about her.
Keanu Reeves starred in it and he is a great actor.
You're welcome
He's a great player with the Portugal national football team, but I prefer American football
Not a big fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I sometimes watch football but I don't like soccer. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, I do like football. What is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the redskins, who is your favorite team?
Oh they are in the superbowl. I hope they win the Super Bowl.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like movies starring Al Pacino?
Oliver Stone is an amazing director. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield starred in it as well, it's a drama.
Glad I could help!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Wonderful. What do you like about Little Miss Sunshine?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter and a musician. Do you know if he is a musician?
I like his music but I don't know if I like his music. What do you think?
Yes, she is a very talented man.
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary and The Hypnotist's Love Story.
That was a great book. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and The Time Machine are also speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you be interested in some other speculative fiction examples?
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like Aladdin because it's a family movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Woody Allen.
You are most welcome, please enjoy
She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film. Do you like musicals?
Definitely. She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Matrix?
She was in the movie The Muppets too. Have you seen it?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like them?
I like Yellow too. I think I'll watch this time of year.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know if they were in Amsterdam, but I do know that they both starred Jim Carrey.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The Lorax which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know of her, but I do know that she starred in the movie The Painted Veil.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you today?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, I do. I think he's a romantic actor. Do you like romantic films?
Sure, one of my favorites is "Love Songs" and "How to Train Your Dragon 2."
It's more of a sci-fi/adventure film. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The book is in the genre of fiction and Social Criticism.
It was released in 2008
Is there anything else I can help with?
The Wolverine is in the genre of Thriller and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like Thrillers?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote The Wolverine, which is a Fantasy genre.
No problem
Yes, that is a great movie. It stars Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis.
Mike Starr has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Mike Starr also starred in The Last Dragon and The House of Mirth.
Mike Starr wrote Blood and Wine.
Great choice, the Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ryan Reynolds and Rob Zombie.
Yes he did. The O.C. is a great family movie.
You are welcome.
Do you like it because it is a drama or crime movie?
If you liked that one, you may want to check out The Recruit. It's written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Do you know who starred in the film?
Of course! Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Patton Oswalt and Emma Stone. Do you like those actors?
Sure. She also starred in a sci-fi movie, The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Do you like that genre?
Yes! She was in it, too.
Yes. That was a good one, too. Did you see it?
Owen Wilson was in a lot of action movies, but I didn't realize it was an action movie. Did you see Men in Black 3?
He plays for the Germany national football team, but I am not a big soccer fan.
I'm not sure about that, but he plays the Midfielder.
He plays on the Germany national football team, but I don't have more information on him.
I do, he's a great player with the Portugal national football team, but I prefer American football
Sure, I am not familiar with that sport. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is also a Midfielder.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
Yes. He starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Did you know that?
Some other examples are Zombieland, Underworld, and The Last Airbender.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. Would you like to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
Awesome. I will add this movie to your list.
That movie is ok. Did you know that it is starring Zooey Deschanel?
I like thrillers. I liked Joseph Gordon-Levitt in it though.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it but I heard it is a good movie with James Frain. I love him.
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
Some of her books are What My Mother Doesn't Know and Walk Two Moons.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you she wrote a book called Beautiful Darkness. Would you like to know more about her?
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
He's from California. Are you a baseball fan?
Yes, it was written by Spike Jonze. Would you like to know who else wrote it?
I do not know who produced it, but I do know that Tom Sawyer starred in it.
Yes he also produced That Thing You Do which is a crime thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that Tom Everett and Steve Carell starred in Inside Out.
I'm not sure of that information. However, I can tell you that Tom Everett produced it as well.
Yes he also starred in That Thing You Do which is a comedy.
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yes, they starred in it as well along with Good Will Hunting.
Yes I have heard of them. Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in The People Speak?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like their coach John York. Do you like them?
Yes I do, I like the team he played on the 49ers. Isn't Joe Montana on the team?
Yes, I do like the Steelers, though.
The Thorn Birds is a Drama, written by Colleen McCullough. Other books are The Giver, The Giver, The Giver, The Giver, and The Giver. Have you read any of those ?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick. It was released in 1951.
I am not sure about that. But I know she was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Oprah Winfrey starred in Oprah's House.
You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. It was also released in 2005. That was a great year for fiction.
The Mist was directed by Chris Rock, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read that one yet?
There's The Shining and The Death and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Certainly! Anything else?
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning with Scatman Crothers is written by Harper Lee and is a horror film.
Sure, I would have to find it for you.
Certainly!
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred James Nesbett and Chris Hemsworth. It is a great thriller.
I do not know anything else she was in but the Invasion of the Body Snatchers was written by David Ayer.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's in a relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
Cadillac Records is one of her most popular movies.
Yes, I love lady Gaga. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
I haven't seen it yet but I know it was good. The Muppets movie was written by Harold Ramis who also wrote The Plains of Passage.
It's been a long time since I saw it. The Muppets was a comedy. But, I'd say, I'd have to check it out. I'd like to see it.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland starring Martin Gardner. Have you seen that?
Sure! Essential Readings for the Non-believer is a Sci-Fi novel by Christopher Hitchens.
I don't know any other works written by Victor J. Stedberg, but I know he also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome.
The Zack and Miri Make a Porno are really good movies like The Lord of the Rings.
He starred in Troy, Wilde and Zulu. I can play one for you now.
He starred in Troy, Wilde and Zulu
You're welcome
I like Sylvia Plath, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I am not much into golf but I do know he is from Murrieta
Yes I love Adam Sandler in that movie. How about you?
If you liked Hot Tub Time Machine, you should check out Love and Other Secrets.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It's a psychological thriller and horror film. Are you into those?
You are welcome.
Sure. Now You See Me is starring Will Smith, and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief was written by John Grisham. It is a drama/thriller and was released in 1999.
I can give you some more information on The Pelican Brief. Would you like me to add this to your watch list?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Bradley Cooper is a good one, have you seen it?
Bradley Cooper has been in lots of films, including Wildwood Dancing and The Words. Have you seen any of these?
He is in a lot of comedy movies, but I think you should check it out
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is Drama.
Yes it was produced by Roland Emmerich and was directed by Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure can, some really good thrillers that I would recommend are The Bourne Legacy, The Silkworm, and The Dead Zone. Are you a fan of any of these?
Are you into thrillers? If you like that I would recommend The X-Men 2. It is an excellent movie.
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books by her?
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Great Gatsby.
To name a few Chuck Palahniuk wrote Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Emma.
Great choice, the Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
She was in the movie The Rio 2. Are you a fan of his?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Another good one is Tomorrow Never Dies. Have you seen that one?
Are you looking for movies starring Rocky or other movies written by Sylvia Plath?
You might like The Mummy, Predators or The Cat in the Hat. Have you seen those?
It's a martial arts film and action film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Good to hear! I think you should check out At the Water's Edge. It's a good one.
The Age of Innocence was written by Kate Chopin. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he was a basketball player but I know he starred in The Dallas Cowboys.
My favorite player is Cristiano Ronaldo. Who is your favorite player?
I agree! I love the sport. What is your favorite player?
Wow! What do you think of Lakers?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon, as well as The Silkworm.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies starring Al Pacino?
Yes, it is. The Godfather Part II and Scarlett Johansson were in it as well.
Apocalyps Now is a great movie, have you seen it?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie, have you seen that one?
She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries?
Of course. Other movies in this genre include The Slippery Slope and The Reptile Room
Great. Happy to help
It's a Drama starring Robert De Niro and was released in 1999
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Underworld: Evolution is the genre fantasy and fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
She also wrote Underworld: A space Adventure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Then you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction movie.
I don't have that information right now, but The Perfect Storm is a thriller starring Veronica Cartwright. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen those?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, Rio 2.
Saving Grace was released in 2007. Are you interested in watching it?
Yes I do, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
Sure I know a lot about tennis but I don't watch much tennis but I do know that she competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Oh wow ? I didn't know she lost to Maria Sharapova before but I think Serena is from Belarus.
Yes, I do like their coach John York. Do you like them?
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football as well. Do you like comedy?
I am not sure. I would say Tragicomedy is his thing.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
A Christmas Carol is a good one that he starred in.
A good one for him would be Fantastic Mr. Fox. Have you seen that one?
I know it was written by Robert Zemeckis, but I don't know much about The Wrestler. I know he also wrote Zack and Miri Make a Porno.
It's a drama
Your welcome
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes, I like soccer. What's your favorite team?
There are many great cricket players, such as Patrick Ewing and Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that?
I believe it was a drama.
No problem.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
Are you looking for something similar to Peter Pan?
Yes, you may like The Winter Soldier and The Nightingale, have you heard of them?
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a genre of children's literature.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction book with the genre of children's literature.
The book is a children's literature written by Elizabeth George Speare.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
J.K. Rowling wrote Ecbl, have you heard of it?
I do not have that information at this time. However, I do know that it was also released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard, would you like to know more about it?
I believe it was written by Joss Whedon, but I don't know who wrote it.
It is, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird which is also a thriller.
Can I help you with anything else?
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
If you liked that one then you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes he wrote The Shining and The Green Mile
Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
That's true. You might like the sci-fi movie War of the Worlds.
I recommend The Blind Side. It is an action film.
Yes, The Blind Side is a good one. I highly recommend it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm glad I could help!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Not at all but i know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles.
Venus is married to Serena Williams. I have her doubles, but Venus has lost matches to her siblings as well.
It is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds, Chris Hemsworth, and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like any of them?
I have seen Woman in Gold and The Proposal but I don't know any of the actors. I know that Tom Cruise is in it too.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, but I haven't seen it yet. It is good.
Sure, Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in This is 40.
It is directed by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in other films by him?
Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
It came out in 2008. Are you interested in who else came in it?
Yes I do! Superman Returns stars Kevin Spacey, did you know it was written by Michael Dougherty?
It is a Comedy. do you like comedies?
You've Got Mail is a great movie. You should check it out. It is directed by Dennis Hopper.
Yes he is, I like him too. You should check it out.
I'm sure you will like it.
your welcome
The Deception Point is a thriller like The Dark Knight. Have you ever seen that movie?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
Yes, Lemony Snicket also wrote a book called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Wide Window is a Drama, Comedy and Drama.
OK, have a great day!
Yes, you are correct. Daniel Handle was also a screenwriter for The Wide Window.
You are welcome.
Enjoy your movie time!
I haven't read Outlander, but I know that it is a science fiction piece. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Besides the Outlander, she also wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Have you read those?
I can't find any information on that one but if you like Outlander I can give you some recommendations for you.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second in the Outlander series.
I have heard he is a great football player, do you know who he is?
Not really. I don't follow the sport much but I do know that he is a Midfielder.
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie! I loved him in Training Day. Have you seen that one?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
That's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in I, Robot, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That one is directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
I don't know much about Madonna, but I do know he is a musician from Aleppo. Are you a fan of his?
Thrillers are my favorite. You should check out Men in Black 3, too.
I like the New York Jets, but I'm not a huge fan of the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know they are apart of the NFC East.
I did not know that. I do know that the New York Jets is owned by Steve Ballmer and John Johnson.
He wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it stars Robert Downey Jr. and Eddie Marsan.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes I know a lot, BTS is a south korean boy band
I am very familiar with them. I haven't heard of them. Do you?
All I know is that it's called a martial arts film.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2. Are you a fan of his?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
That's right! I think I've heard of them being friends as well. I don't know who they are all friends.
Yes, he did! It's a thriller and was directed by George A. Romeo and Juliet.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is an action film. Do you like action movies?
It's a comedy/drama film written and directed by Scott Bakula.
She was also in The Wicker Man. Have you seen that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these?
It's considered a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Donna Tartt also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like it because of its story line?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
Not that I am aware of, but you might like State of the Union with Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen that one?
It's a psychological thriller with Dwayne Johnson, who is also in Wonderland.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a cricket player, do you like Cricket?
Not really, I know a bit about it. I know that Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur. I don't follow cricket so I don't follow it either.
Yes, I do like football. What's your favorite team?
Well, I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
She was also in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Sure. She was also in American Gangster which is a good comedy film. Have you seen that one?
I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic comedy. Are you interested in that genre?
I'm not sure about the genre but I can tell you The Time Traveler's Wife is a romantic comedy
I believe it was written by Frank Beddor. I'm not much of a sci-fi person.
Sure, she starred in both "Memento" and "Memento." Would you like to know more?
Memento is written by David Jorja Fox and also produced the movie Memento.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is a thriller.
Yes, I will add this movies to your watch list.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that the team is coached by Mike McCarthy
My favorite team is The Dallas Cowboys. What do you think of them?
I don't know too much about them either. I do know that they are owned by the New England Patriots.
I don't know too much about them anymore. I know they are owned by the New England Patriots.
He wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Does that interest you?
I haven't read any of those yet, but I do know Victor is also a writer. You might like Edgar Allan Poe.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo also wrote Something Borrowed.
I am not super familiar with his work but I do know that they are both superhero films.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name written by Ryan Reynolds and directed by Ryan Reynolds.
Sure, no problem!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he plays for the Belgium national football team, but I don't know much about him.
Football? I like American Football. What about you?
Wow, I'm glad to hear that!
Yes she is one of my favorites that she starred in and wrote is Spring Breakers
Yes, I do. I like Men in Black 3. It's a good movie.
No, I haven't seen it. I'll check it out.
It's a great movie. It was written by Brothers Cassandra Clare. It is a musical. Do you like drama films?
John C.Reilly also wrote I Am Number Four, I Am Number Four, and I Am Number Four
Slapstick comedy is a great one!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is the same year as the release of The Tragedy of Macbeth.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Tragedy of King Richard the Third is considered a Drama.
Yes, you are right. He wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
The Kings Speech was rated PG - he also starred in the movie The Damned United.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that, I know he coached at the AT&T Stadium when he was a quarterback.
He sure did. He's a great coach.
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta are in it.
Yes, I love Rihanna. She's my favorite artist!
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred in Love and Other Impossible Pursuit of Happyness.
You should. It is similar to The Wildest Dream. You should definitely check it out!
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
I prefer tennis. He was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Great, I think you will enjoy that song!
It was written by Johnny Depp and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes I believe so. I like Johnny Depp. Did you know he also wrote The Rum Diary?
Yes I have. The Pirates of the Caribbean is a fantasy thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I haven't seen any of them. Enjoy!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
He wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Juraissic was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like him?
Some similar movies are X-Men Apocalypse and X-Men
Yes, he was, along with Tom Hanks.
Some of the actors in X-Men Origins are Rachel Cohn, Angelina Jolie and Robert Duvall
Some of the good ones are Time Bandits and The Time Machine
I'm sorry I do not have information on those movies
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. It is a young adult fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. Do you enjoy his books?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes! And that was written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano. Do you like football
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played a forward, but my favorite player is Adrian Peterson
They are having a bad season
Yes, I think she is a great singer. Did you know she is also a singer?
I think I have watched several of her movies. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yes, I like them too. Skarsgard is a great actor. I know he was in a relationship with Justin Timberlake right?
No, I haven't, but I do know that he is a legend!
yes he was. he was also in Desperado. do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
Do you like historical fiction? I would recommend The Professor.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Professor. It's similar to The Professor. Both are great reads!
If you liked that one then you should definitely check out The Professor. I think you will really enjoy it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Animal Farm, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer just to name a few. Have you read any of these?
It was actually written by Robin Buss. It was released in 1867.
Station Eleven is written by Emily St. John Mandel. Are you interested in other books written by St. John Mandel?
Of course, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal which is a drama/fantasy genre.
It's a drama, similar to Station Eleven.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
Yes I am, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you interested in his work?
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that The Last Star is in the genres of Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes, you're right! I think you will enjoy that as well.
Robert Jackson also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Are you a fan of his?
It was written by HG Wells
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was actually made into a movie as well that was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
If you haven't watched those movies, I would recommend The Notebook. They are more of a historical period drama, though.
At the moment i do not have that information.
Certainly. I hope you enjoy them.
I do not know it's written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
You are right
Eureka is a woman in Southern America.
That is correct. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you like the Batman Begins because it's an action movie?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of these?
He starred in The Civil War and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
It is written by John Grisham. Are you interested in other books written by Grisham?
It was written by John Grisham and is considered a mystery, so you might also like The Scorch Trials or The Kill.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
Yes he did. He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Return to the Monkey House which was released in 1891. Have you read it?
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it was released in 2013
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Speculative fiction
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one
The genre is Fantasy, Sci-Fi
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Simmons wrote it.
There's The Difference Engine
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Green Mile and The Dark Knight. Have you seen those?
I'm not too sure, but he was also in a movie called Armageddon.
James Coburn also starred in Young Frankenstein. Have you seen it?
Mys, I think you'll enjoy those comedies!
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
I agree that he is a good player, he is from Oakland, do you follow him?
Since he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award, I think I'll watch one now. Thanks for the information!
He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. I think he is a good player.
Sure, Do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
I don't but J.D. Salinger also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is that the genre you are looking for?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she like any other type of music?
It is a great book written by I know it was released in 2001.
It was released in 2005, and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
I would recommend World Without End if you liked that one.
I recommend The Tales of Beedle the Bard if you liked that.
Enjoy!
Looper stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling and Russell Crowe. Do you like Thrillers or Dramas?
He wrote A Beautiful Mind which is a psychological thriller. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote Who Moved My Cheese and The Last Hero.
It is a comedy
Absolutely!
Catcher in the Rye is a great book. It was written by J.D. Salinger.
Franny and Zooey was a great book.
Absolutely!
I don't know much football but I do know he is a forward
Do you like it because it is a science fiction movie?
No it is a mystery but it also starred William Hurt and Emily Bronte.
I would recommend Waiting to Exhale which was also written by John Scalzi.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's an adventure film. Is that what you are looking for?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical Novel that was published in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I'm not sure. I know they play in the NFL as well!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Wally Lamb starred in The Hour I First Believed?
I Know This Much Is True is actually a novel written by Wally Lamb.
Yes, would you like me to add this one to your reading list?
I do too.
Not bad, right now they are second in the NFC North. Also runners up in the super bowl XLVIII.
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure. That was written by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
The main star was Xander Berkerley who was in the Jurassic park movie he starred in
I'm not sure of the exact date but I know it was written by David Ayer and directed by David Ayer.
Absolutely!
Yes, she is a great singer. I do like her friends as well!
Yes, I like her as well, she is a very talented person.
I am not sure, but I know that Selena Gomez was also in it.
Yes, and she also starred in Baby Mama.
Downfall is a war film written and directed by Teri Garr. Are you familiar with her work?
Berkels wrote Apocalypse Now, which was released in 1999.
Absolutely!
The Catchter in the Rye has a genre of Speculative fiction.
I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad.
If you like Wolf Brother, you might also want to check out The Passenger. I hope that you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes it's a great movie! Big Hero 6 is starring Daniel Henney and Damon Wayans Jr.
Yes, Wreck-It Ralph
Yes! That is a great movie. It was released in 1998 and directed by Chris Rock.
It sure was! Mindy Kaling was also a voice actor. She starred in the Wreck it Ralph.
No problem, enjoy!
The are a good team in the AFC East. I am not a huge fan of the Dolphins. What do you think?
Who do you think is going to the Super Bowl this year?
There are so many people who don't know much about Tony Romo, like the Giants. Did you know he was a quarterback for the Dolphins?
Yes, he wrote Wes Anderson which is a Thriller and Sherlock Holmes. Do you like Horror movies?
Owen Wilson was in The Royal Tenenbaums. It was great movie!
Do you need to watch anything from Owen Wilson?
Justin Rose is a professional golfer from London. He is a golfer from London.
I don't have any stats about him.
I'm not much of a golf fan. He has a lot of subcatagories, but he is a very good person.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, A Walk in the Woods, and The Power of Six. Have you read either of these?
It came out in 1927 and is in the speculative fiction genre.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Isaiah Thomas was a basketball player a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I know he is a basketball player but I don't know much about the sport. Do you like basketball?
Of course, have a good day.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
You're right! Michael Mann directed the movie Wimbledon. It's a thriller, so you might like it!
It is a Tom Cruise action film.
Frances Mayes is an author, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun was made into a movie. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Can I help you with anything else?
I do, she's a great singer. Did you know she has also starred in Valentine's Day, The Lorax?
Did you know she is in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Yes I do as well. She is one of my favorite actors. She starred in The Lorax too.
I don't know much about footbal but I know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
What about Tomlin? I know that he also plays for the Seahawks.
She wrote Shadowland as well as Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
I'm not sure if she's the author but you might also enjoy Shadowland, as she writes vampire fiction.
You're welcome, I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward
What is your favorite team?
Yes he is a good player in the Colombia national football team.
Yes, it stars Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. It is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
It's a Drama.
There's The Shining with Shelley Duvall
Im sorry, I don't have any more questions for you.
Of course!
He's such a great actor. He starred in quite a few movies including The Very Hungry and The Last Templar.
Yes, did you like that one? She wrote quite a few including The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
Yes, I think it was adapted into a movie starring Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
It's a German language book, but Milan Kundera was also a teacher!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in it. what else can i do for you?
Good to know if you like The Bourne Legacy you should check out The Scarlatti Inheritance.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption.
My apologies. Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a book that came out in 1999.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, I believe so. It starred Reese Witherspoon. Would you like to see the movie?
It won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award. I can't remember when it won.
Of course! White House Down and Beautiful Creatures would be considered a romance as well.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Another book written by Harper Lee is a drama.
Okay, I am going to add it to your reading list!
Sure! Jason Cope starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, Return of the Jedi, Return of the Jedi, and many more. Are you interested in any of those?
Spud is a comedy drama
He also stars in the movie Spud and Dredd
Philip Seymour Hoffman
Yes, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Templar?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1985 American drama starring Tom Everett Scott.
You are welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Other Guys stars Will Ferrell, William Shakespeare, and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those actors?
The Other Guys was released on February 15, 1994
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He starred in The Civil War and The Republic of Love. Have you ever seen them?
If you liked Ned Bellamy in The Shawshank Redemption, you might like The Civil War. It was directed by Frank Darbont.
Yes he is. He also starred in The Civil War.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a Diamond and is in the genre of Thriller.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Interesting. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator. Did you see that movie?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
He did! James Cameron also wrote True Lies as well.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie like 50/50. You may also like the movie Friends with Benefits.
Well, I can recommend a movie similar to 50/50, which is also a Romance.
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in What Happened to Goodbye, The Nightingale, and Shadowboxer. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. The Washington Red Sox are a good team!
I haven't seen it but I did hear that! Do you know Stephen Dorff also starred in Zoolander?
Yes, I do. She wrote These happy Golden Years and The Long Winter both are good.
Sure. The Long Winter is a novel that was released in 2014. It is a historical fiction novel.
If you like historical fiction you might also enjoy The Three Musketeers and The Second Winter.
Sure thing. I'll add these to your reading list.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck
Okay, would you like me to add this to your list?
Sure. You might also enjoy The Dead Zone by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read that one?
It's kind of a coming of age film, just like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was written by Dave Pelzer, who also wrote The Silver Chair.
It is written by Dave Pelzer, do you like adult fiction?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's That Girl and The Mask. Have you seen any of these movies?
It was released in 2003!
You're welcome.
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
The characters in that movie are Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
Romance Film is a romance film, have you seen it?
The movie was directed by Camille Delmarre
Water for Elephants came out in 2011
You're welcome
Sure, do you like movies she's starred in or ones similar to The Wild One?
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is also a midfielder and forward.
Yes, they are top in their division right now.
I think he's only played as a Midfielder but I believe he's also a Forward.
Robert De Niro was also from Columbia born in Bogota.
Yes, it stars Will Smith, Shia LaBeouf, James Cromwell, and many more. Do you like the genre Sci-Fi?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That movie stars Danny Huston and was released in 2010. Does that sound interesting to you?
This movie was released in 1999, would you like to watch it?
No problem, enjoy.
I'm not much of a football fan, I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
The owner is Steve Ballmer. I love him!
Yes I do, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Did you know she also played in the 2012 Olympics?
She did! That was an amazing trip. She was also in the 2012 summer olympics!
My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you follow any sports?
He was actually born in Rochester, California.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Two by Two, True Believer, The Notebook and many others. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
He also wrote The Notebook
Yes he was. It was directed by David O Russell.
He is, as well as a writer and a musician.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
No. It's a sequel. Resident Evil is directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. Do you like her movies?
Your welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film that was directed by Sergio Leone.
Gentlemen Broncos starred in Wilde Salvation and The Manchurian Candidate.
You are welcome.
It was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. It was released in 2001. Do you enjoy Romance Novels?
Yes, it sure was! Do you want to know more about the movie?
The Kite Runner is a really good one! Have you seen it?
Of course! Enjoy!
Do you like her work? She wrote I Am Malala: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that The Pilgrimage is a film starring Michael Bacall.
peter pan
I'm not sure but I can tell you the story is a thriller.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was released in 1925.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925. I am not sure of the release date for The Great Gatsby.
Some other drama books in the same genre are Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Damned, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was written by Benjamin Button and is considered a Drama.
It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
The Fighter is an action movie. If you like action movies you should check out The Road by Viggo Mortensen.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, Villette & Héger letters. Have you read any of them?
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the author or genre?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
This Lullabye is a romance novel.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you read those?
That is correct. Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man as well as The Amazing Spider-Man.
Great choice! Some of the stars are Steve Kloves, Steve Ditko, and Stan Lee.
Can I help you with anything else?
I think he is a good singer
Are you a fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan.
The Great Gatsby is a good one, it was released in 2006.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Rupert Everett.
Glad I could help
You are welcome
Yes it is a great comedy!! Your family would love it. It was very funny too.
Some other good Disney movie are The Truth About Forever, The Princess Diaries and Little Man.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching movie. I haven't seen any of them yet.
You should check it out. It is such a fun story.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a great historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
White Night and The Sea of Monsters are two examples.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
Are you a fan of his?
I would recommend Beautiful Sacrifice, it's a very good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
ok have a great day.
She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook as well.
Yes, it is a comedy. Meet the Parents is a comedy also.
You're welcome
I don't really know much but I do know that they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I would say they are doing well. Do you know who is their coach?
That was written by Toni Morrison. Were you looking for something in the same genre?
You might like The Gathering Storm then. It's very good.
That one stars a lot of people including Matt Damon, Holly Hunter and Charlize Theron.
Ariana Grande is a great performer. Do you know if she writes music?
Yes Liam Hensworth is a great singer, but I don't follow the other songs. What do you like about him?
I haven't seen it either, but I've heard it already. It is a good movie.
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Notebook and The Time Machine.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a biography.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wildest Dreams.
It's a War film, similar to Wild Grass.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
It stars Robert Duvall, who also starred in The Princess Diaries
Okay, ok. I'll have to check those out.
Sure. She starred in Wildwood Dancing.
Sure. Sending it now
Sure, do you like it because it is an action movie or because it is starring Vin Diesel?
I'm not in the latest movie but I can tell you about the Fast and Furious which is starring Vin Diesel.
Fast Five is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and many more
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like War Z?
World War Z was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Wimmer ?
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He was also in Wedding Belles and Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen these movies?
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
You are welcome.
It is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you might like The Sirens of Titan or The Guardians of the Galaxy.
Yes. In that case you might like The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome.
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
Yes, he's a great player as well. He was a point guard for the New Orleans Saints.
I didn't know that! Are there any other sports you enjoy?
Yes I do I like his voice he's a great singer song writer. Do you like him?
Too Good at Goodbyes is written by Nicholas Sparks, did you know he is a singer?
Yes that is true. I do know that he was influenced by Tom Hanks and Julie Kavner.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
I didn't know that! Do you know who owns the Knicks?
Do you know who owns the Philadelphia sports team?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
Ethan Suplee and Nathan Lane both starred in it. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about it or some other movies starring Chris Weitz?
The Last Stand is a similar movie.
I did. Did you know that Jake Gyllenhaal starred in Zodiac?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Oh, I'm not a fan of Iron Man either. He was in a lot of action movies like The Dark Knight.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team.
I didn't know Philideon was in Men in Black II, but I did know that he's a legend!
Oh he did! That was a great movie. I'm a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Madame Bovary is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1856 which is the same year the romance novel I recommend.
Yes, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ara Celi is starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
Penn Badgley and Kelsey Grammer starred in it.
He starred in X-Men Apocalypse and The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
I do, she is a great tennis player, right?
Good Deeds is a favorite of mine. I think she is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes he produced The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Well he also wrote Alien: All The Money in the World
Sure, All The Money in the World is starring Charlize Theron and Bill Murray, have you seen it?
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Your welcome enjoy
I don't know if Shakira has a new album, but I know she was in the movie Friends with Benefits. Have you heard those?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a movie starring Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is a romance film.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Original Song
I love James Cameron movies. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information at this time. However, I do know that he is also a musician and a scientist.
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade? Both are highly recommended.
Wicked City is written by John Hodgman and is in the genre of Thriller.
Margaret Atwood this time wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote another children's book, The Witch of Blackbird Pond
It was released in 1958, have you read it?
Absolutely!
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
I'm not seeing any romance novels, but I can recommend some other romance novels if you're interested.
There's The Wedding, The Best of Tomorrow, and The Best. Have you read any of these?
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right! It was released the same year as The House of the Seven Gables.
Glad to help!
He wrote The Best Nest, Go Dog Go! Are You My Mother?, A Fish Out of Water to name a few.
A Fish Out of Water is considered children's literature, as well as children's literature, and children's literature!
He did. There also starred in that movie, Go, Dog, which is a drama. Do you enjoy drama?
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen any of those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller, Drama, Comedy released in 1982
Surviving Picasso also starred Michael Fassbender, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Eminem Dafoe
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian, The Last Don, and The Last Don. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola a very good actor.
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance, Trainspotting is a great movie he was in. But I am not sure about his acting career.
It's a Drama starring Tom Holland. Would you like to see it?
Brad Pitt starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
There is no information about that
Tootsie is a good one I recommend
Angelina is also in this movie
your welcome
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in the movie What's Your Number. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like her. She won the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like soccer?
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller, so if you like Thrillers you might enjoy The Dead Zone or The Black Dahlia.
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and Treasure Island.
You're welcome.
Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is a fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. He also starred in Taking Chance.
Yes, it is. Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I think you're right. She also starred in House Bunny.
Twin Towns is a good movie. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming great author.
Simón Andreu is in it.
It was released in 2003.
Yes, it was.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Did you like Cloud Atlas because it starred Tom Hanks?
The most popular sci-fi movie is X-Men: The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Charlize Theron has been in many great films such as The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
You're welcome
It has genre Science Fiction just like the Hunger Games which is a great movie
Taxi Driver is a Thriller, would you like to know more about that movie?
Then you'll like The Guilt Trip and Milk and Honey
Some of the most popular ones are The Blood of Olympus, The Pursuit of Happyness, and Taxi Driver.
It's a great one! Enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical fiction novel. Is that your favorite?
It was an attempt of a Thriller with an assassination attempt. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Sure, she starred in The Diary of a Young Girl. Are you familiar with that movie?
Pretty Little Liars is another great one from that period.
Well it was released in 1817 and is considered a children's literature. Both are excellent!
Good luck!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006. Is that what you are looking for?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman. Do you like Star Wars?
He was in What Happened to Goodbye, The Man from U.N.C.L.E. Hinton. He was in all of those.
It is a good one! Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated movie.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Return of the King or the Lord of the Rings.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which was produced by Ron Howard.
Yes, he is a writer, director and producer. He directed the movie This Means War
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy film starring Zoey Deutch.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Meryl Streep. He also directed The Greatest Showman which is a comedy.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano. Do you like football
Yes. He did coach the Chicago Bears. Are you a fan of any other teams?
Agreed!
I do agree. I think she is one of the best players in the UK right now.
I love baseball. What sport do you like?
The New England Patriots, I can't say I love the New England Patriots.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a thriller?
Yes, that was a good one.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like that genre?
The movie stars Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
V for Vendetta is a Science Fiction/Action film. Would you like recommendations for other adventure films?
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Cinderella is a Thriller.
It starred Scarlett Johansson and was written by Andy Weir. Have you seen it?
She was also in Amazing Spider Man and The Time Machine. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by Ron Nyswaner and starred Naomi Watts.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's a coming of age, romantic comedy and genre. Are you interested in that?
Yes, she does a great job. She wrote, directed, and starred in the movie The Five Minutes of Heaven. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him, but I know he is also a musician and a model.
Capra wrote, directed, and starred in it. He also directed It's a Wonderful Life.
He is also a musician and a musician
He was also a musician and a model.
Did you know that he produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a great actress! She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm sorry I do not have that information
It is English and was released in 1958
yes it was also released in 1958
i don't have that information right now
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of it?
It's crime genre. Is that what you are looking for?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Shining and The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like football? I like the Raiders.
Yes, I like tennis, do you like any other sports?
Sure! Do you like movies starring Craig Monahan? He wrote this one.
Sure Easy is a Drama written by Tammara Webber, Do you like Drama or Adventure?
Between the Lines is a good drama book that was released in 2012. If you like drama books you might also like Where You Are.
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like like drama?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I'm sure you will like it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Sandra Bullock, Bill Hader, Kristin Scott, and Bill Cobbs.
He's been in so many films, including The Green Hornet and The Campaign. Have you seen those?
No problem, I am happy to help!
He wrote Watchmen which is a Historical period drama. He also wrote V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta was released in 2005. It is a science fiction/fantasy film. Do you like science fiction?
You are welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights which was released in 1847.
Well, if you like Gothic fiction you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and Bernie Wright. It's a great Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
It was released in 2004 and is a fantasy book.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing and The Twilight Series.
You're welcome.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Posthumous Papers, and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read any of these?
That seems to be an influence for a lot of people. The Pickwick Club is influenced by a lot of people like Leo.
Great Britain is a History of Great Britain.
Yes, History of Gnshar is an amazing story. Have you seen any of these movies?
Great, have a great day
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and many more! Have you seen any of those?
He was! The Longest Yard was directed by Peter Segal. Did you know he also directed The Longest Yard?
Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, and Adam Sandler. Do you know any of those actors?
Yes, he was a fictional character in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good one.
It's genre is considered children's literature. You might also like The Silkworm.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a film that was released in 2001. It's an Action Film. Do you like action movies?
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama starring Michael O'Neill.
Have you seen Apocalypto? It is a crime drama film.
You're welcome
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am more of a fan of soccer but I don't know much about the other players. Do you like soccer?
No problem. Have a great day!
Also similar to The Hangover Part II are Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Temptation.
It has a great cast including Will Smith and Todd Phillips.
You are welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It's a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
Yes, I like murder mystery too. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's a great choice. You should check out Annie Hall and Paul Simon.
Do you like the Mansfield Park because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books by her?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, I know it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
Yes, she does. She starred in it as well.
That is a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in Beyond the Sea. Have you seen that one?
He is a great tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
Not a lot but I watched a match from time to time. Who is your favorite player?
Not really, I am more of a tennis fan, but I have watched a match from time to time because it was very entertaining.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Way of Zen are other family novels, have you read them?
I haven't read any of them. But I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama and science fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
How about X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both thrillers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you today?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I don't know that, but I know it was starring Evangeline Lilly. That was a great movie!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
If you like crime fiction you might like The Return of the King or The Last Templar. Have you seen any of those?
Happy to do it.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Hunt for Red October are some other good ones
He's a great soccer player from Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is similar to Alice Walker.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and Lord Jim. Have you read any of these?
Can I help you with anything else?
He's the player in the Argentina national football team, but I don't know much about him.
No, I did not know that!
Yes they are, do you know who they are?
Yes, and he also played on the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel that was published in 2015
Your welcome
I do! It was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard?
The Siren has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into fiction?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Guard. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
His genre is rock. Do you like rock?
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a really good movie starring Jesse Eisenberg.
It's a great movie! The Hummingbird Project was released in 2014. It got good reviews.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
The genre is Treasure Island and crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
If you like that genre, you will also enjoy The Road to El Dorado. It is a great book!
I did! That was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson. Do you like it?
Danny Aiello is in my favorite movie, have you seen it?
Yes he did and that was a great movie. Robert De Niro is in it too.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read this one?
It was released in 2002. This book was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a family movie?
Aladdin is a family movie and movies similar to The Princess and the Frog or The Beastmaster.
The Lion King came out in 2014. It's in the genre of Fantasy, Comedy and Adventure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
One that comes to mind is To Have and Have Not. Have you read that one?
Old Man and the Sea was released in 1926.
No problem!
You are welcome.
I do! He is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, the team is coached by Sean Penn. Do you know who is he?
Well, from what I've heard, he was in the movie Kiss Tomorrow.
Yes, I like Young Buck. How about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
Reese Witherspoon starred in White Oleander as well as The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Do you like his movies?
It's a Psychological Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1945
Well, that is a great book! It was released in 1950 and is a children's book.
Done. Have a great day!
Sure! He starred in The A-Team with Morgan Freeman. Are you familiar with that movie?
I know they are coached by Mike Woodson. Do you know him?
Not yet but I know that it is owned by Jerry Bruckheimer
You like more of a baseball flick, but more of a baseball flick, you would like to know more about the Hornets.
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was published in 2005. Would you like to know more about that?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to the director Jose Mourinho, who produced it?
He also wrote The Goonies which was a mini-series on Hulu.
He sure did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great soccer player, do you know who he is?
Weilheim Oberbayern was a great player in this sport. Do you like football?
Oh, I'm not much of a football fan. What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Yes, he has some good stats. How do you think he plays?
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a crime fiction film starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Well, then you might also enjoy The Mexican starring Tom Waits. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film
The Prestige is directed by Christopher Nolan
Memento stars are Amanda Seyfried, Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Dark Knight, The Sixth Sense and The Dark Knight
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Some other fantasy books are The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Ozma of Oz.
If you are into speculative fiction, you may want to check out The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Baum.
Yes, you are correct. Diana Gabaldon wrote The Great Gabaldon which is speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information at this time.
Sure, enjoy the books!
Kate Winslet is a classic! It is written by Thomas Lennon and was released in 2017. I think it is a classic movie
I know she also starred in The Princess Diaries which is a romantic comedy-drama film.
I'm not sure, but Sarah Parish was in The Wedding Date too.
Annie Hall is a great thriller movie. You should check it out.
yes she starred in that movie as well.
WALLE is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
SCi-fi starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that yet?
Sure! X-Men: The Last Stand is a great sci-fi action movie.
Yes. Brett Ratner also produced The Wolverine which is an action movie you might like.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence starred in Wolverine. Both great movies!
That's a good one- it was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction genre
If you liked that one, you might also like What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. Have you read those?
Sure, other books you might like are What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
He wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature. If you enjoy children's literature, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered a children's literature.
I have not seen it but I know it is a historical drama starring George Clooney. Do you like those actors?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Good, if you like Matt Damon, enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is also a politician
Yes, I like football. What about you?
I don't know much about SC Freiburg, other than he's from Germany. I don't know if he is a good player.
He starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you seen those?
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read that?
It is a fiction/fantasy film. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes, he starred in it. It's a movie starring Diane Keaton.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls was published in 2005 and is a Drama/Comedy.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
Absolutely! Anything else I can help you with today?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
You might also like Zombie, which was written by Rob Zombie, who also wrote Grindhouse.
It stars Robert De Niro and it is a Crime/Drama film.
Sure, it is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes it was released in 2009 and is a Romance Novel.
You're welcome!
You are welcome!
Yes he starred in Wicked, Tusk, The Throne of Fire and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those ?
Wicked is a Drama/Thriller. It's also a movie starring Vanessa Lee. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote The Usual Suspects and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, I recommend that you read it. It's an excellent choice.
Alright, enjoy!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard, have you heard of him?
I don't know much about him, other than he was in Space Jam. Do you like him?
Yeah, I too love Ghostbusters. Do you know if I can recommend any of them?
Yes he did. That's a great movie starring Michael Jordan. Would you like to watch it?
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, the movie A Man Apart was released in 2009 and starred Kevin Smith.
No problem! I am glad that I could help.
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of Our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
He wrote What Lies Beneath Her Feet. Do you like Romance?
Yes he did and he also did a great job in it.
Yes I bet you do. The Lies is a great family movie
I do not know much about them, but I know they are owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
I'm not a huge fan but I do know that Eli Manning is from New York. I do know that he's a good QB. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a fan of action thrillers but I do like action movies like The Giants.
Some similar books are Salt to the Sea and Life After Life
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, is a year that Circling the Sun was released.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
That movie is a Psychological thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that kind of movie?
Eraserhead starred in Eraserhead. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There is! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is an historical drama starring Ken Daurio. Would you like more information about it?
You're right! It was written by Roland Emmerich and was released in 2001.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
OK. He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Have you seen those?
Robert Zemeckis wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Olympus Has Fallen, The Selfish Gene and many more. Have you seen any of those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman, are you a fan of the genres?
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dawkins, who also wrote Non-Fiction.
Glad I could help!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection which is a thriller. Do you like action movies?
Other movies that you may like are The Running Man and The Dark Knight
You are welcome, please enjoy
I know he's a great actor. He starred in the movie Star Trek. Do you like that movie?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
Crescendo is a horror novel with a bit of drama. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is actually the author of a book called The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel
It is a memoir and was released in 2005
Glad I could help.
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those sound good?
Yes, you are right. The Escape from New York is starring Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Yes, you are right. I would recommend The Haunted Man, The Mask, and The World Without End.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret. It's a Documentary. Do you like documentaries?
I do not have that information but it was adapted into a documentary starring Sean Byrne. Do you like his books?
Greider wrote Apocalypse Now, which was made into a documentary.
He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
Your Friend the Rat is written and directed by Roland Emmerich. He also directed Ratatouille.
You're welcome
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
I recommend The Goodbyes, it's kind of family friendly.
I'm sure you will love it!
Still Alice was in a good movie. It was released in 2001.
Love Anthony is a good one! Do you like his movies?
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Can I help you with anything else?
Sure! He starred in The Incredibles with Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yes, they adapted into a film starring John Sherrill. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger is a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Kevin James also starred in that movie.
I don't know about that, but Kevin James wrote it. Kevin James also starred in Zoolander.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well, I would recommend The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Do you mean who starred in Nightcrawler?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little about him. He starred in The Patriot
The Order was released in 2006
Casper Van Dien, Michael York and many more starred in it. The Order was directed by Ken Daurio
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
The Blind Side is a musical starring Will Smith and was written by Philip Seymour Hoffman.
I can't think of any other Drama movies, but Michael Lewis also directed The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Sure! Moneyball is an action movie directed by Roland Emmerich and produced by Steven Spielberg.
City of ashed is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Cassandra Clare was born in Tehran.
Sure, The Clockwork Angel was released in 2013 and is an adventure film. Is that your favorite genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes he directed Children of Men which is an adventure film
Yes he did. That is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was a Romance and Fantasy film. Do you like those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It was written by C.S. Lewis and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Gregor and the Code of C.S. Lewis as well as The World According to Garp.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon.
Not a huge fan of his. But I do know that he is a good musician.
Yes he is. Liverpool is a great place to visit. Do you like his team?
Do you like the songs starring John Lennon?
Great! Laurie Halse Anderson starred in Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Sure! Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction novel released in 2014
Sure, enjoy the rest of your day.
Yes, I do. Some of my favorite songs from Rihanna are Till We Have Faces and The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, I like that song too. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It's a great movie. It's a comedy.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure. Marc Forester starred in The Last Days on Mars, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy them!
Mockingjay is an actor who has starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear some more about Mockingjay?
Another good one is X-Men Origins: Wolves of the Calla, X-Men, X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes, Gregor and the Overlander is one of my favorites.
Yes, he is an American actor, best known for his role in the TV show Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
No, I am not sure if he was in it. The version of Elizabeth is written by John Green.
It's okay. She has a good voice. She also starred in Tangled which is Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
It is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Two by Two is True Believer and The Wedding. Have you read them?
Yes, it was. I think it was a movie that was released in 1999.
Kidnapped is a good one, it is a good one. I think you would like it.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix Revolutions also starred Keanu Reeves, did you know that Keanu Reeves acted in the movie?
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
He has starred in "Outlander" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
Mystic River is directed by Christopher Walken, who also directed Mystic River.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Do you like that one?
He hasn't acted in movies as recent as he was in
You are welcome
No problem. I am here for you.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure. He also directed a favorite of mine, The Three Musketeers and The Return of the King.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Do you like history?
It was released in 1937.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Family.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that the team is coached by Mike McCarthy
Who else do you love the Steelers?
i like his wife Cameron Diaz. do you like her?
i am not a big football fan. have you ever seen a game live in person?
They sure did, it was a great year for the Packers.
Not really, but I do know that he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz.
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, Virginia Madsen and Emile Zola are in it, too.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Do you like her?
American Idol has genre Music and was directed by Chris Rock. Do you like music by him?
I'm not sure. I do know that Sean Penn is also a host. I love his music.
I didn't know that! She also starred in American Idol, it was good.
I can't find any similar to Rudy, but Joseph Sikora and Joseph Sikora, who starred in The Dark Knight.
Sure! The Watcher is a thriller and was directed by Damien McCullough. Other thrillers I recommend are: The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight, and Pet Sematary.
You're right, he did star in it, along with Leonardo Dicaprio.
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that?
Would you like to know some more poets from Mayes, or do you know some other poets?
Can I help you with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. What do you think of it?
Toni Morrison wrote the Bluest Eye and Sula
It's a fiction novel
You might like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters
Enter's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Other movies that are similar are Awakening and Awakening.
Aside from The Devil's Advocate, he also starred in The Crimes of Grindelwald.
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed The Godfather. Would you like to know more about this movie?
He was also in Toy Story 3. Do you like animation movies?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton and was directed by John Lasseter.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you might also like The Painted Veil, or The Painted Veil.
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote "The Great Gatsby", which is a drama and is also a movie. He also wrote "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button".
You are welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus Has Fallen.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2010. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure! Playing for Keeps.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, but I don't know much else
Thekla Reuten also starred in the movie Seven Psychopaths and the Hollywood Homicide.
Yes, he did. Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt was written by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
He also directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz and starred in American Pie.
Yes, it's directed by Chris Weitz and is considered a comedy too.
He directed both The Godfather and The Trial. Have you seen those?
The Nightingale is the genre of a . Fairy tale,and Mythology. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, she wrote Winter's Tale, The Things We Do for Love and The Nightingale. Have you read any of these?
I don't have any more information on those books right now but I do know that Winter Island is a film that was released in 1999. It is a drama.
I am a fan of him. Didn't he star in The expendables 2?
It's a very good movie. I can also recommend another movie Expendables 2 if you like that genre.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a Thriller and starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did. It is a very good movie. I highly recommend it.
Of course! How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Romance Film, is that what you are looking for?
Yes, it was released in 1957 and is a children's literature that I enjoyed.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is written by Theodore Lesieg and is a children's literature.
You're welcome!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She does star in The Longest Ride along with Holly Sampson.
If you like Tiago Riago Riago Riago Rigga, you should check out The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romance film as well as a comedy.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I will add both to my watch list.
You're welcome
My favorite team is the Lakers. They are a good team, though. Do you have a favorite team?
Well, from what I've read, I'm a fan of LeBron James since he drafted him.
Do you know if the Lakers will play in the San Diego Chargers?
Larissa wrote рат арамаовести, рат арамаовести, рат арамаовести, рат арамаовести, рат арамаовести, рат арамаовести, арамаовести, арамаовести, ассссссссссс
He wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's Romance?
Okay, have you heard of Apocalypto? It is similar to Post-Apocalyptic Fiction, have you heard of that one?
Yes, it actually wrote it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder.
I don't know too much about Pete, but I do know that he is a competitor with the New England Patriots. Did you know that?
Oh wow! I didn't know that! What sport do you like?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome enjoy
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2013. What can I tell you about it?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. I highly recommend those.
It's a speculative fiction novel. Are you into that genre?
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he starred in Twilight. Do you like movies he's starred in?
Yes it is. Have you seen it? It is a great show.
Yes it is a crime fiction movie. I like it a lot of people like Johnny Depp. Do you like him?
That book was written by Scott Westerfeld. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie which is a great book.
Sure. You could try The Little House on the Prairie by John Green
Not that I know of but that it was released in 1933
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Wow, that's interesting to know that. I did not know that.
The Lost Symbol is a classic movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to list more of his movies?
That is a thriller. Ron Howard also directed The Da Vinci Code which is starring Tom Hanks as well.
He did. That is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch it?
He produced The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
Some other dramas you might like include The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Happy to help
Yes, I like X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
It's a Thriller. Similar to X-Men Origins: Wolverine is in the genre X-Men: First Class.
You might like The Wolverine, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, that is a great movie! If you liked Robert Downey Jr., I also recommend The Avengers and The Avengers.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Historical period drama and was released in 1891
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
He wrote Seven Pounds, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way, The Cat in the Hat, and many more. Have you read any of these?
Absolutely! Glad i could help.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Yes, The Ten is a great movie. He also starred in Zoolander and Dear John.
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Okay, then you'll like World Without End, The Time Machine or The Men Who stare at goats.
The Untouchables is starring John Grisham and was written by John Grisham.
Sure, no problem!
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two by Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in reading them?
The Last Song is a Psychological Thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a popular fantasy book that became movies.
You are welcome.
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Temptation.
It is written by Robert Zemeckis and is in the genre of science fiction
No problem
Yes, he was a fictional character in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series.
The book has a genre of Thriller, Fantasy, Comedy and Action. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome, I hope you like it!
I know he was in Hook Ya Crook. Are you familiar with his work?
What sport do you like to watch?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in Hook Ya Crook.
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was published in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
There are so many great children's literature that you should read, like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, He wrote The Twits and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are. Do you like their coach David Platt?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes, to name a few. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and directed The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Thor and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, have a great day!
Howls Moving Castle starring Jean Simmons is similar to The Robe.
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silver. Have you seen any of those?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
You might also like The Transporter starring Chris Evans. It's an action movie
Yes! He starred in Captain America: The Fifth Avenger. He also starred in It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2014 and is a mystery book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Sure! Do you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
It's a great movie! It was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1986. Are you a fan of his?
Yes it was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure thing! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classic illustrated book The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a vampire series. I highly recommend it.
You should check it out. It's part of a series.
You are very welcome!
He wrote and directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark movies?
Sure, it is a psychological thriller starring Glenn Morshower and Kevin Corrigan
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like the book because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Gap Creek is a young adult dystopian novel by John C. O'Brien. It does not appear in a novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
I know he plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I don't like Golf either. I know Adam Sandler is from Murrieta, too.
I love Julia Bowen! She was in the Harry Potter movies too!
Sure, she starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but Connie Nielsen starred in it as well.
The Situation has the genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Action. Do you enjoy those genres?
The 5th Wave is a Thriller and a Sci-Fi. It was released in 2014.
Sure! I am sorry, I don't show the name of the movie that released in 2016.
My favorite is The Infinite Sea. Do you like those?
Sure! The Last Star is a mystery movie written by Rick Yancey as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
She was in Valentine's Day, isn't she still alive? I do as well!
Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. I love that movie!
Yes. I loved it. X-Men Origins: Wolverine was a great movie.
Yes, I like Ted. I liked The Proposal. What was Ryan Reynolds in?
I'm glad to help. Enjoy!
Do you like him as an actor or singer?
I like the song Love it. Do you like it?
Yes, I like his music too. Do you like the genre?
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes he was, he was in it as well
I don't know but he was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure Grown Ups was directed by Steve Coogan, who also directed Deep Blue Sea
Yes he did
You are welcome
He has written some great books, would you like to know some more about him?
That one was released in 2000 and is a Romance Novel. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes it was. Another good Romantic Fiction book is Zoe's Tale
Another good Romantic Fiction book is Welcome to Temptation, have you heard of it?
Any time! Enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones.
Yea, I like the song You Need Me, I Don't Want This Night to End. Do you have a favorite song?
Yea, he is, similar to a lot of people.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a comedy.
Sure, I know that Tom Everett and Eddie Murphy also starred in Peter and Paul. I'm sorry.
I hope you enjoy it.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They have a good season. I'm not a big fan of that team, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Are you a fan?
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know that they're coached by Mike Shanahan.
I do, he was a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I didn't know that! Who is his favorite player?
It's one of my favorite basketball movies. I haven't seen it either.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
My apologies. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
ok enjoy!
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I do not watch women's tennis but I do know Serena Williams is very talented. I like Serena a lot more.
I see. Do you watch any match with Maria Sharapova?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell
He coached the New York Jets and New York Jets.
It was the year that they drafted him.
Yes, I like him, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1886, have you read it?
It's a thriller that was released in 1886.
In that case, You may like The Lawnmower Man or The Matrix.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sure, I'll send it over.
There is one called Gremlins, directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
The movie is directed by Chris Columbus. He also wrote Fantastic Beast and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen those?
Yes he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote The One Minute Manager. The One Minute Manager is a motivational speaker.
Sure, it was released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead and is in the Romance genre.
She also wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
You may want to check out The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Dracula. Do you like Horror?
It was written by Stephen King in 1897. Would you like to know more about Stephen King?
He won an MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist in the Year
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that yet?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel. Do you enjoy Romance novels?
No problem, I am here for you.
Do you like the movie starring kill A Mockingbird?
Yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman which is a good fiction novel
ok great enjoy
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which is popular
Yes, I did enjoy that movie. It starred Al Pacino and was a very good movie. Do you enjoy crime movies?
Yes, I have seen it and it was produced by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Al Pacino.
Do you like Al Pacino? I think you will really enjoy that movie.
He was in a movie called The Godfather. It was released in 2006. I highly recommend it!
Vampyres also stars Tom Cruise and Bill Murray. If you like Tom Byrne, you might like The Godfather.
No problem, enjoy!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Perhaps you would like Romeo and Juliet. It is a Romance.
It is written in English and is also considered a tragedy.
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Lionheart is a football movie and was released in 1999 and is an action film
Woody Harrelson, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Jena Malone.
Woody Strode, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, The Grass of Destiny, Bill Murray, and many more starred in this movie.
ok enjoy!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter starred Jason Statham and Molly Shannon. It is a great movie.
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological Thriller and Seven Psychopaths is an action film.
Yes he is! He's from London and plays for the LA Lakers.
I watch a lot of basketball but I am not a fan of it. I prefer basketball. Do you know who is your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler that's great to watch if you haven't seen it. I'll check it out sometimes. It's something I can give to you.
The Name of the Wind is similar to The Wise Man's Fear.
Sure, do you like it because Yaphet Kotto and Tom Skerritt star in it?
Yes he is, he is the director of that movie Righteous Kill.
I don't have any more suggestions at this time but i can tell you he did all three.
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
he Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
She also wrote Witches Abroad and The Rosie Effect. Have you read them?
Yes, it is Called to Rise was released in 2014. I highly recommend it.
Antoine Fuqua starred in the Movie Olympus Has Fallen.
Susan Saranden great actress. If you like Olympus, you might also like Love and Other Impossible Pursuits.
I don't know anything about Olympus. However he also produced The Last Olympian which is a thriller.
The adaption comedy is written by David Fincher. I highly recommend it.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, they were, along with Selena Gomez.
I am not sure if he has, but he was also a celebrity friends as well.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about it or would you like me to add it to your reading list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Yes, you are correct. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
No problem! Enjoy.
I am not a huge fan but I do know that they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the American League East.
That's right, he owns the Boston Red Sox.
I am not sure of that but I know that The New York Yankees are one of the best teams in the American baseball series.
What can you tell me about the Yankees?
Yes, I know that Tiny Tim is a singer, songwriter and television personality
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of badminton? I only watch the 2012 summer olympics.
Yes it was Western Europe. I'm not a big fan of his. Is he a good athlete?
I haven't seen it but I know that it's a paranormal romance, historical period drama. Is that your favorite genre?
The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It's a great sci-fi thriller. Do you like those genres?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, it is a fantasy movie starring Maggie Smith. Would you like to know more about Emma Watson?
ok
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It has genre Young-adult fiction
What genres do you like the speculative fiction?
Your welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, have you heard of this one?
It was published in 1980. Would you like to know more about the film?
Sure, no problem! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller?
That is a great family comedy! You might also like the Royal Tenenbaums, or Gone, Baby, Gone.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's a great book written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with him?
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great movie. If you haven't seen it I'd recommend The Marvelous Land of Oz.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Little Miss Sunshine is a Romance movie like Little Miss Sunshine. Do you like Romance films?
Sure! It was released in 2005 and is a Romance/Comedy. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't read it but I hear its great. The movie is written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
I haven't read that one. But I heard it's a great movie. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes I have. Ape House is a great movie.
Yes, I will add that to my list.
What do you think of it?
OK, have a great day!
Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster. It is an adult novel . Do you like adult Novel?
Beautiful Oblivion and Walking Disaster are both popular books written by him.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in The Warrior and Insomnia. Have you seen those?
She was in Walk the Line which was a really good one. She was also in Self/less and After.
Sean Penn and Sam Shepard were in it.
Okay. Michelle Pfeiffer and Rebecca Hall were also in that movie
He is! He wrote The Shining and The Death and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of him?
He wrote a lot of poetry. Would you like to know about some of his works?
Zodiac was released in 2002 and is an action movie.
It's a great movie! Some other actors include Yul Vazquez. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
I am not sure, but I would suggest The Looking Glass Wars.
It was released in 2004.
I know that she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The genre of this book is Fantasy. Would you like to know more about this novel?
The Mists of Avalon is written by Philip Pullman. Would you like to know more about this author?
No problem!
He directed My Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Have you seen any of those?
What If is a romantic comedy and also a romantic comedy, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another good one.
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also like Ratatouille.
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! Jennifer Weiner wrote The Sea of Monsters which is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The genre for The Next Best Thing is Comedy-drama.
Any time! Enjoy!
Yes, I did. O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by the great William Shakespeare. It starred Keanu Reeves. Did you see that movie?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski. Have you read that one?
O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars. He was also in Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb starred in a lot of movies. Do you like Thrillers or Dramas?
Yes, Hopin': A Christmas Story was released in 2005
Yes, that is correct. Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
I haven't, but I heard he's a great singer/songwriter. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes, I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you a fan of his?
Sure. Similar to Leo DiCaprio, which is a thriller?
Yes, I can tell you he starred in a romance film called The Lost Symbol.
I can't find any others that he starred in but I do know that he was in a romantic relationship with Farrah Fawcett
Lukas Haas Haas In the Cloud and The Other Boleyn Girl are two movies she was in.
Whalberg is a great movie, I am not sure of the other movies she starred in.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven D. Levitt and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
He also wrote The Silver Chair, The Great Gatsby, and The Horse and His Boy. Have you read any of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the genre of children's literature.
Yes, he directed District 9 which starred Jim Carrey and Jeff Bridges.
I believe so. District 9 is in the Thriller genre.
Yes! She was. She also starred in House Bunny.
You are so welcome, enjoy!
I do not know much about her as well, but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
I don't have any other songs by her. However, I do know that she is a talented singer.
You're welcome.
Javier Hernández is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C. and on the Mexico national football team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I know that Javier Herndez is from Guadalajara.
I believe he is from Mexico other than he was also born in Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly wrote the movie Stuck on You
If you like movies with Bobby Farrelly, you should check out There's Something About Mary by him as well. It is in the comedy genre.
Jim Carrey also starred in Out of Jim Carrey.
Glad I could help!
Yes he plays basketball for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if he plays anymore, but he has had a recurring player on the TV show Entourage.
Who is your favorite player?
Of course! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry, would you like to know more about it?
Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was released in 1985. Do you like her writings?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre
He wrote The Twits and The Witching Hour. Have you read any of those?
Well if you like that then you'll like The Witches.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the Fantasy genre?
You're welcome
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
Yes it was written by John Grisham. Are you interested in more books written by Grisham?
It's an action film. I highly recommend it.
You are welcome.
He wrote Island. Are you familiar with that book?
Yes. The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
Yes. The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is another book he wrote that.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Are you familiar with these?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Glad I could help.
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like most?
You also like Robert Redford and the movie It's a thriller that Mary McDonnell stars in.
That's right, she is a great actress. I loved her in The Wind in the Door. Have you seen that one?
Slapstick is a War Film
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read those?
It's science fiction. It was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. A good year for writers, would you like to know about any other books released in 2008.
You are most welcome and you should check it out!
Yes, I do. Did you know she has a lot of celebrity friends as Taylor Swift, Miley Cirus?
I don't know that, but I know she starred in a lot of movies. Do you like horror films?
Yes, she is a Woman is a Woman is a Woman is a Woman is a Woman.
Robin starred in movies such as The Other Boleyn Girl, The Making of Star Wars, The Hero. Have you seen any of these?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire is produced by John Grisham?
Yes, I believe so. If you like Leslie Dixon, you should check out Blade Runner as well.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in it. anything else i can do for you?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Clarke both starred in Fair Game.
If you like Shark Night, you may also enjoy X-Men Apocalypse or X-Men Apocalypse.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Tracie Thoms and Christopher Bigsby.
Yes I would recommend The Wimpy Kid and The Invisible Man. Do either of those interest you?
Sure. The Fall of the House of Us is written by William Shakespeare, who also wrote The Virgin Suicides have you seen it?
You are most welcome. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
He is a great basketball player, he is a point guard, do you follow basketball?
I do not know much about him, but I know he wasdrafted to the Seattle Supersonics.
There's a basketball comedy called Space Jam. It's about basketball.
He is a point guard.
Sure. Mary Harron wrote American Psycho and starred in American Psycho. Have you seen this one yet?
Mary is a Psychological thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2006
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote the Matrix Revisited.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi movie starring Veronica Cartwright. Would you like to know more about her?
It is a war film, would you like me to recommend other action movies?
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has the genre Drama. Are you looking for something in that genre?
Yes, he starred in that movie. I am a fan of his.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Bounty Hunter with Matthew McConaughey. Are you a fan?
Yes, he starred in The Bounty Hunter and The Silkworm. Have you seen any of those?
Charlie Korsmo starred in Fool's Gold.
Yes he did. He and McConaughey starred in it as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Seven pounds is a good one
your welcome
Taxi Driver is a Taxi Driver starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors.
Sure, Taxi Driver is a psychological thriller starring Robert De Niro. Do you like that kind of movie?
Enjoy.
I know that Luis Suarez is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team, but that's it. What can you tell me about him?
Yes he did. Liverpool is a great team. Do you like football?
Yes he is. Do you know who he is?
Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft star in the team. Do you like Patriots?
The Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to hear more about it?
Thank you. I will have to check it out.
Fantastic. Have you read any of these?
O Brother, Where Art Thou was an indie film starring Jack Nicholson. It was an animated film. Have you seen it?
The Odyssey is starring Tyler Labine, Miley Cyrus and Leonardo DiCaprio.
No problem. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005 and is in the English language.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more about this author or genre?
You might enjoy The Glass Castle by Frank Beddor. It is a great story.
It was released in 1945. It is a drama that was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Sitter and The Messenger. Have you seen those?
It stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo.
Yes. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Wam Bam Pac and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome.
I don't know too much about him but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not too sure about that but I know he went to Romeo and Juliet and was friends with Miley Cyrus.
Sure, have you heard of Under the Tuscan Sun? It was a romantic drama.
Nice, I can't wait to see their game against the New York Giants tomorrow.
Yes, I do like them. Who is your favorite player?
I do not know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown
Not much of a fan, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. You know that?
Not really. I prefer American Football. Soccer tends to bore me.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Hmm, I don't know that one. But it was written by His Boy. It definitely doesn't appeal to you.
Hmm, I don't know what they are. But I do know it is in the children's literature genre.
You're welcome
Sure! She wrote In Her Shoes, a drama. Are you a fan of that genre?
I am not sure, but I know she also wrote The Sum of All Fears which is a comedy.
Okay, I would recommend That Awkward Moment. It is so good.
Me, too!
Great, have a great day!
Thank you.
Yes, Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Are you interested in his movies?
You might also like The Watchers or The Fountains of Paradise. Those are good movies.
Worth Dying For was written by Ron Howard. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was written in 1817 by Jane Austen. Would you like to read the same author?
Certainly! Emma stars in a few films, including Sense and Sensibility, Emma, and Mansfield Park.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like James Cameron?
Then you might like You've Got Mail or You've Got Mail.
Yes, it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Name of the Wind.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Sandra Bullock because she is in a romantic comedy?
The Proposal has genre Romance
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction?
They Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy.
I would recommend They Do it with Mirrors by Agatha Christie. It is a mystery novel.
She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, that's correct. I haven't seen that movie. I've heard it's a good movie.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, but I haven't seen any of his movies. Isn't Mirnanda Richardson?
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action Film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a war film and drama. Would you like to know more about it?
You might also enjoy the War film starring John Woo, it is a war film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Comedy, Sci-Fi and Comedy. Which genre do you prefer?
He wrote and directed it. Did you know that Darnell is a writer and director?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you seen those?
Scott Pilgrim starred in The Worlds End, which is a Sci-Fi/Action film. Do you like that genre?
Yes! Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright as well. It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Happy to do it.
Isn't he drafted by the Seattle Supersonics? I'm not a big fan.
He is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
That is correct, have you ever seen him play the basketball movie Space Jam?
Sure! A Grief Observed in 1961 is a book written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis.
He also wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Men in the Moon. Are you familiar with those?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player, do you like tennis?
Yes, he is from London. He won the 2012 PGA Championship!
I didn't know that! I know that he is a famous tennis player from London.
Yeah he does, I would have to look it up, would you like to know more about it?
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes. Walt Whitman is also a journalist. He wrote Fast Food Nation as well. Are you familiar with that?
It would be considered children's literature, but I prefer the genre of children's literature.
You are welcome. Hope it helps.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
Yes, The Death and Life of Peter Sellers is another good one.
Yes, he's a great actor. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't know he passed, but he was in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
It's a Comedy.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Yes I know he is an athlete in the Indian national cricket team
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
I am sorry I do not have that information right now
I do not know of any psychological thrillers that I am aware of
Sure, enjoy the read!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is an animated film starring Tom Hanks. You should check it out.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Something Wicked This Way Comes is a good psychological thriller. Have you ever seen it?
Vanilla stars Conan O'Brien and Cameron Diaz. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
Yes, I would recommend "The Clan of the Cave Bear" and "The Plains of Passage." Would you like to know more about those?
Yes, you are correct. I will add it to your reading list.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like me to send it to you?
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. I do not follow soccer that much.
Are you a fan of German football?
You're right! I don't know much about him either, but I know he is a midfielder.
i love Alex Morgan too! i also like the forward position in the forward position. do you like him?
i also like soccer. do you?
Are you into family movies?
Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars.
Yes, she is arguably the most famous work of hers in television shows at this time.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations
I did like National Treasure. Wasn't that written by Orson Scott Card?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a Kate Winslet fan?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a great movie. I haven't seen it yet, is it a Romantic Comedy?
Sure. I will add this now.
You're welcome!
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is a Historical Novel?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like Grapes of Wrath?
The Secret River is a Historical Novel that was published in 1981. Is the the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone?
I know that Chelsea is a member of many people including Henry Cavill and Richard Richardson.
You are right! I actually don't know more about the football team, but I do know that they play at Candlestick Park and Frank Grillo.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that the team is owned by Thomas F. Wilson.
I'm not sure. I know that they play in London as well.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carrol. Are you a fan?
He wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
Brandon Sanderson wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it was adapted into a film starring Mark Wahlberg.
Yes they were, and a great one!
Absolutely, hope you enjoy it!
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, I don't have that information right now but I do know that Zodiac is a crime Thriller that is starring Robert Downey Jr.. Is that your favorite?
If you like action/adventure films, I would also recommend The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy 2. Both are great Thrillers!
Excellent choice! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Sure! Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men 2 and was written by Bryan Singer.
Yes, it is a Thriller / Sci-Fi.
I like those Thrillers, I'm a huge fan of his!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Unbreakable is a thriller with Bruce Willis. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was in Unbreakable and the Legend of Billie Jean as well. Have you seen them?
Those are all great movies!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Parnassus was influenced by William Shakespeare and was influenced by William Shakespeare
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetter and Nicholas Sparks. What do you like about it?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is a film that was directed by Valerie Plame.
Yes, Zane Grey is a very good actor.
You are most welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because it's a crime movie?
Yes, Mastering the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of theart of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of theart of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of
Enjoy the movies!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by John Lasseter.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft.
eXistenZ is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
You might also enjoy Film Executive Produced by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She's also a thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Scar is written by Elizabeth George Speare and was released in 2000. It's a thriller.
Yes, it was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He also directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King is a drama film released in 2015 and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
He was in Angelina Jolie movie, The Ice Storm.
He was in The Cat in the Hat and The Scarlet Letter. Have you seen any of those?
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
That is correct. He also wrote a book called The Awakening. It is a mystery novel.
This book came out in 2006, have you read it?
Brave was directed by Steve Purcell, who also directed Brave. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Another great one by that production is The Usual Suspects.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a soccer player, do you know a bit about him?
I am not familiar with that sport
Yes he does
Yes he wrote The Shadows, The King, and The Bourne Legacy. Have you read any of those?
Yes. I think you might like To Kill a Mockingbird, which was released in 2014, is a drama.
Sure. It's a drama. It's directed by Ridley Scott.
You're welcome!
I know he is a cricket player from Jalandhar.
I don't know much about cricket, I've heard it's very popular in places like India.
It does look like they are playing well this year. The Mumbai Indians, who are currently playing for the Indian Premier League.
Yes, She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read any of them?
Yes. That's the same year that If You Give a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it.
I don't have that information right now.
No problem! I am happy to help.
Yes, Simone Elkeles is a writer, athlete, and athlete.
I don't show any copy in German but Wild Cards was written in English and is in the English language. Would you like more information on anything else?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Harold Ramis is in Stripes is probably the first of his movies, would you like to hear about other movies starring him?
Since you like Harold Ramis, you should check out Zoolander. He's such a great actor.
You are correct. Groundhog Day is a comedy genre with Bill Murray in it.
Steve Jobs takes place in the United States. Have you read it?
Wither is actually a book that was written by Steve Jobs. Would you like me to add the book to your reading list?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Crucible by John Steinbeck.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus, have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 2000.
It was released in 2003 by Nicholas Evans too. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction genre. It was released in 2011.
No problem. Enjoy!
Do you like the dallas cowboys? I don't know much about the cowboys.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know that they are in the National League East and are in the same division with the Green Bay Packers.
Yeah, I too would love to see them play at the AT&T Stadium when it first opened.
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, you are right. He was in Slumdog Millionaire which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You should check out The Invisible Man. I recommend that one, it is an indie film.
Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar books
Harper Lee
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Yes, I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians team, did you know that?
Venus is married to Serena Williams, but I prefer American football.
I love him! I especially enjoy his music. I really like Stereo Hearts. How about you?
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Sure, it's a great label. Other than that, it is a romantic comedy, I highly recommend it.
Certainly! That was a great movie! It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but Nicolas Cage produced it.
Nicolas Cage actually produced and starred in a romance called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War is a crime movie.
He is the first movie in the Sorcer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome
Yes, I love him! He composed the Recipe have you heard of it?
Yes, I know that Zakir Hussain is a musician, I know he is also a musician!
That was so impressive. I know he is a musician, a musician and a musician!
The Inside Man is a drama starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Yes, he's in a lot of movies. She was in Cloverfield with Dennis Hopper. Would you like to see that one?
Sure! Nell was great in it, it actually has a lot of action and thrillers. It's a great movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Gangs of New York is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like Tim Pigott-Smith?
Do you like Liam Neeson because it is an action movie?
Sure. Schindler's List is an action film and drama. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome
The Great Sleepersby is a book in the genre of young adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
I'm sorry I do not have that information at this time.
The Long Goodbye and The House of Mirth are both fiction books.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain, and is in the genre of children's literature. It is also considered a children's literature.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in 1987 and is a children's literature. Are you a fan of this genre?
That is correct. I hope you enjoy!
You are most welcome!
Of course, she is an actress who has been busy. She starred in The Muppets! Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 1986
The Muppets was a comedy drama produced by Nancy Allen, who also starred in Water for Elephants
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, I am not sure
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I like Lamar Jackson as a quarterback. I don't know much about him, but I do know he was a quarterback for the Ravens.
Have a great day
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other books in the genre of Young-adult fiction include The Golden Compass and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Speculative fiction, Drama, and Adventure.
Absolutely! Other books in the genre young-adult fiction include Wes Craven, Looking for Alaska, Sleeping Doll, and Shadow Kiss.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. anything else i can do for you today?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
Some of his notable works are Quentin Tarantino, and Wintergirls. Have you seen any of those?
It's a great movie! Some other stars include Will Smith, Stephanie Sigman, and Vince Vaughn.
Of course! Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I have seen it. It was written by Roger Avary
It stars Roger Avary and was released in 2002 and is a drama/mystery.
He is also a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sorry, I don't have that information at the moment. But I can tell you that Silent Hill is a Horror movie that I would recommend.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
You should check out Women in Love then, it is a really good song.
I'm not too sure about her but I do know that she has a lot of celebrity friends as well.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2009. I do know that it was also a film.
Sure! House is a drama film, have you seen it?
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen any of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 2004
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was directed by Frank Darbont
Your welcome enjoy
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets in a series. Have you read it yet?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
Ok enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, but it's in English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is one of my favorite movies that he's starred in. The Muse is a biography and drama film. Do you enjoy those?
Some other recommendations you may enjoy are The Muse and The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like movies starring Steve Carell?
Yes, he did. Steve Carell is a great actor and director!
Of course! Zach Galifianakis is in a lot of movies. You are welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote a number of famous novels, including The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read those?
Susan Meissner wrote a series called The Iron Trial if you are interested.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie starring James Cameron. Do you like Sci-Fi?
That was a good one too. I would have to check back later.
You are welcome.
Well, I'm a Niner fan, sadly, so I'm not a big fan of them. Who do you like?
What do you think of Tom Brady, the Patriots or Patriots?
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. Did you know he starred in The Philadelphia Eagles?
He starred in The Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tour.
Sure, X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Van Helsing are great movies he is in.
I have The Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk.
I've heard of The Postman by Tony Goldwyn, who is a great actor.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Enjoy your movie!
Pearl Harbor was a War movie and it was starring Jennifer Garner. Do you like War movies?
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you that Pearl Harbor was a historical period drama.
Yes, I love that movie, it was written by steve Kloves
Yes there is. It is directed by Chris Columbus as well.
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies.
You are welcome and enjoy!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yeah, I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know that he's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure if Steve James was in it but I do know that he's also a voice actor.
Yes! That's my favorite movie. I haven't seen it yet. It's been a long time since I watched it.
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life is a Science Fiction. Do you like reading Science?
You're welcome.
The coach is John Fox. Have you been to any of his games?
Yes and Packer is a team drafted to the New England Patriots.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
The Apostle stars Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Are you familiar with his work?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. He is also a snowboarder. Did you know he starred in the movie Friends with Benefits?
He did. He was a great actor. He was also a model.
He was also in American Graffiti. Have you seen that?
Total Recall has the genre of sci-fi, thriller, and science fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
If you liked that one you might enjoy The Scorpion King or The Dark Knight. Have you seen any of these?
Stephen K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau. I think you would enjoy it if you like science fiction.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I do! He is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, I do follow him, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
Did you know that Will Ferrell is also a star in Wildcats?
Yes, I do! I know that it's a paranormal romance, written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that author?
I am not sure, but I know it was released in 2012
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Your welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is fiction.
Absolutely! It's a great children's movie, have you seen it?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on any other books written by him.
One of my absolute favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read that one?
The House of Mirth and The People I Hate About You are two of her books.
She also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs, Kate Winslet, and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you watch the Packers play?
I haven't won any championship since he retired, but he hasn't won any championship once
Mike McCarthy plays for the Packers too, he's a great player
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
I don't have any more information on anything she's starred in but I can tell you the Historian was also a great horror book
I don't have that information right now but I can tell you she was the Executive Producer for the Historian. Would you like to know more about her?
You are most welcome.
That's a great story. The next in the series is called A Little Princess, have you heard of this?
Yes, they are in the same genre as Winnie the Pooh.
Yes, you are right and I am sure you will like it.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
My favorite player is Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was in the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I'm not much of a fan of the Greek Freak, but I did hear that he did a good job on the Titans.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great movie. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Linkin Park is still a film together. I believe it is a romantic comedy
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction piece written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is that what you are looking for?
Some other science fiction books you may enjoy are: The Time Machine, The Invisible Man, and The Book of Mormon. Do any of these interest you?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
He writes speculative fiction as well as science fiction.
He wrote Zoe's Tale, which is considered science fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
If you liked that one, you might also like You Can't Take It with You.
That one is considered a drama. If you like that, you might also enjoy The Shining or The Mask.
You are most welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote two books called The Stone Angel. Do you like her books?
She also created her on Youtube with Meryl Streep. You should check it out!
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of scottish comedy guy, who is one of my favorite actors!
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Terry Pratchett. Have you ever seen her?
Yes, you're right!
Yes, he is a talented athlete, a very good football player.
Well, I'm a huge football fan, but I'm not sure of the name. But I know he's a really good writer.
Yeah. She was born in Dallas, Texas and is an English professional soccer player.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, me too. I liked her when she came out with the song Everybody Loves Raymond. Wasn't that?
Oh, I see. I like Yellow Submarine too. I know that he is a song writer, right?
She wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
Yes, that's right. Would you like to know more about Beatrice Sparks?
It was. A great one with Beatrice Sparks was in it. It was directed by David O Russell.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury was an American illustrator and writer best known for writing The Martian Chronicles. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it's genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Not sure. However, Wintersmith is written by Terry Goodkind.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses. Do you like animation films?
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more about it?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team
Yes, I believe so. What sport do you like to watch?
Yes, she is. I'm not much of a fan of her, but I do know that she has a lot of celebrity friends as well.
Total Recall has a genre of sci-fi, thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Of course! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator, Predator, and Total Recall
Sure, the current playing is Steve Coogan, the lead role as True Lies.
Ella Enchanted starred in this movie. Do you like her work?
Ella Enchanted has genre Drama
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Drama
You are welcome
Yes, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Templar?
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse and was in the thriller The Titanic.
He wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856, do you like the Romance genre?
I am not too sure when it was published but I do know that it is a Romance novel.
It's both speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
Yes, and it was written by Mark Jacobson
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
Certainly, I would recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Lord Jim. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is. I think you would enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904
Yes. J.M. Barrie also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
I'm sorry, I don't have any additional information on that title.
You're welcome!
The Guest is a good one. Have you read it?
Certainly! Wuthering Heights is a romantic comedy and is similar to Wuthering Heights.
Done! I hope you enjoy them!
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you familiar with that author?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you seen those?
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead and is in the genre young-adult fiction.
I am not sure about the genre but I do know it was released in 2012
Wicked Lovely is a good one.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He plays in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Do you know if that's true?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
That's right. I think he's from Chicago too.
Wow! I am pretty tall. I am actually more of a basketball fan.
Are you looking for other books written by Chris Columbus?
The Chronicles of Narnia series is similar.
your welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2014. It was directed by Tate Taylor-Johnson. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, she was. She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Viola has been in quite a few films including The Help, a Sci-Fi and The Specials.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ghost Writer. Have you seen that?
That's a great one, isn't he?
You are right! He was a great actor!
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides which has a similar genre. What do you like about Pat Conroy?
I don't know, but Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide Sargasso Sea.
Flannery O'Conner wrote The War of the Worlds. It is a tragicomedy.
Children's Literature.
Your welcome.
She starred in the movie Aliens
He's been in lots of films. I like him too. He's been in a lot of action genre films. Two of my favorites are Witches Abroad and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Sure, Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall also starred in Weird Science and True Lies.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. anything else i can answer?
You are welcome
He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
Some other books she wrote are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read these?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
He is a movie starring Robert Duvall. Are you a fan of his?
He also directed SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy movie written and directed by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more about it?
You are correct. Do you want to know more about Snow White and the Huntsman?
Undertow is a fantasy movie. Do you like movies in those genres?
Some of the other actors in this movie are Tom Cruise, Holly Hunter, and Al Pacino. Do you like any of these actors?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen any of the Lord of the Rings films?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Sure, enjoy!
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
That is correct. Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies in 2012. I highly recommend it.
If you liked that one, you might also like You Got Served or You will meet a Dark Stranger.
You're welcome.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Tim Russ, Johnny Depp, and Jeff Garlin starred in Total Recall
Clint Eastwood, Jay Hernandez, and Tom Everett starred in it.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a good team. Their coach is John Clift. Do you like baseball?
You agree! Did you know that 2014 was the same year that The San Francisco Giants home venue?
Who is your favorite team? Mine is the Red Sox!
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes, I believe it was released in 2006.
You're welcome.
He plays professional table tennis. Are you a fan?
Yes, you are right. He is from China. Have you been to China?
Yes it is. It also stars Rob Huegel. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, along with Guy Cardwell
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great one.
Mark Twain also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is in the Speculative fiction genre.
Your welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to hear other books written by Jane Austen?
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion and Hunger Games.
Persuasion is a Romance novel. Would you like to read it?
The Hunt for Red October you are talking about the movie written by Tom Clancy. Would you like to know more about this author?
The genre for The Hunt for Red October is historical fiction.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure, he starred in Zookeeper and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen those?
Yeah, he's hilarious. I loved him in Zoolander. Do you like his movies?
You are correct! Eddie Murphy was in it as well.
Glad I could help!
I like the song Almost Isn't she married to Madonna?
Yes, I believe she was married to Sean Penn. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like Black Snake too. Have you seen it?
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a romantic comedy released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I think you would enjoy it, it also has Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2014. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great choice! The Towering Inferno stars Amy Ryan. She's a great actress!
Of course! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella. Do you like the genre or the author?
Sarah Clarke is the author of it.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Eric Carle.
That one is a classic! If you like Monty Python, I would recommend Beyond the Sea.
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
Keanu Reeves wrote this wonderful movie
I am not sure about that, but Would you like to know more about The Adventure Genre?
Absolutely, here it is!
Yes I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't know much about him either.
I'm really into basketball. My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you know if that's true?
He was. Louis van Gaal also coached the Manchester United F.C. soccer Sports Team. It got great reviews.
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in The Fugitive.
Yes, I would recommend The Graveyard Book and The Fugitive.
You got it.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Do you know that Stephen Chbosky starred in it?
She was. She was also in The Missing Person.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Emma Watson starred in The Pledge which was a comedy.
You're welcome
Yes I do. It's written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Paris Saint-Germain
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they do. Who is your favorite player on the team?
That is correct. The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara. Who is your favorite player?
Yes it does. The world series is fun to watch. The world series was always fun to watch.
Are you a fan of Ms. Jones or Anne Hathaway?
Aline Brosh McKenna directed and wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short was also in Treasure Planet. He did an amazing job.
That movie stars Tony Cox and Carmen Electra.
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, I would say it's a Drama, starring Toni Morrison.
Not that I know of but I can tell you he directed a thriller film called Shark Night, which is starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She's a great actress. She wrote The Good Earth which is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-and White is more of a romance film.
Is there anything else I can help with?
If you haven't heard of it I do know that they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like Basketball. What about you?
Who is your favorite sport?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Other movies he directed are Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, some of the stars in Little Miss Sunshine are Amanda Seyfried, Rachel Weisz, and Lorraine Toussaint.
Alan Arkin also starred in True Grit and The Devil's Advocate.
Yes she is! She is a great tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams.
She is currently number one on the WTA Tour.
You are very welcome, please let me know if there is anything else I can do
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Cat in the Hat. Have you seen those?
Absolutely, I can tell you he was a writer and director! He was a very prolific writer. His most well-known role is probably from Spiders and Spiders and Dogs.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Fairest
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a Fantasy novel
The Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2001, is that the genre you are looking for?
I'm not a fan, but I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I do not know who he is. I do know he is a musician and athlete.
Who owns the Denver Broncos. I think he's a free agent. Is he a good team?
He is a football player, he is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team, but I don't know the name.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team. I don't really follow soccer.
Sure, you'll like The Ugly Truth and The Long Haul
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome enjoy!
Apocalypto is a thriller, written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of thrillers?
He wrote Apocalypto which was directed by James Dashner. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you like to hear more about those?
Titles related to Divergent are; The Wish, The Giver, and The Insurgent.
You're welcome
Yes, Allegiant was written by Veronica Roth.
PS, I Love You is written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novel?
I am not sure. She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is in the genre Fantasy. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Cool. The Golden Compass is directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Philip Pullman wrote the movie, do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Last Don, which is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It starred Reese Witherspoon, Tom Everett, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
You are welcome.
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she composed You Lost Me.
I like Shakira, Usher, my favorite. Do you know her?
Yeah, I like Ricky Martin too. Did you know he is in a relationship with Cameron Diaz?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Vince Flynn, who also wrote The Iron Giant. Have you read that one?
I am not sure about that, but I do know that The Regulators starred William Hurt and Matt Damon.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right? I'm a big fan of tennis.
Yes. Venus is really talented. I love watching her at the 2012 Olympics.
How are they doing this year?
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know that Mike Woodson owns the team. Do you like basketball?
Do you watch any other sports ?
I did not know that! What genre do you like to watch?
I know he's an athlete on a Wales national football team.
I watch it from time to time. I like american football, what about you? What sport do you like?
It is a good movie. Enjoy!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lord of Discipline.
I don't know, but The Water is Wide
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure. Fear Nothing was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, enjoy the book!
Oh yes, that's a good one. It was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Adventure?
Well, it was produced by Sergio Leone, who also produced it.
Unfortunately I don't know much about The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, but The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is in the action genre, but The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is in the western genre.
It starred Russell Crowe and Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with them?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate to name a few. Do any of those interest you?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and starred in the genre of Thriller.
Yes, it was released in 2006. It's a drama.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Calvin Harris, is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Yes he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray is a great player, but I do not know his relationship with Andy Murray though.
I like tennis. I like golf and baseball. What about you?
Well, you know the Venus Williams, and Serena Williams. What do you think of them?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day, have you heard of it?
It is a Non-fiction Novel.
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Would you like to know more?
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you know that song?
I forgot she was in the movie Friends with Benefits. Did you know that Taylor Swift was also in the movie?
Sia Furler is a really talented singer. I like Shakira. She's also from Nashville, too.
She is a great Lyricist! I loved her in the movie The Bluest Eye. Have you seen it?
He is a cricket player. Do you know anything about him?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Absolutely! He starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is a Romance Film. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in River of Dreams as well.
Yes, that is a great movie! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. I think you would like it.
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might like The Wolfman.
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a book that I would recommend. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is written by John Lennon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is. Kevin Zegers also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
No problem!
Sure! Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Are you familiar with these?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Yes, she does a lot of work. She writes dramas as well, do you like dramas?
Sure, enjoy the book!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He plays cricket and is from India. Do you watch cricket often ?
Not a fan, but I do know he plays cricket.
Well, I'm not a big sports fan but I'd like to learn more about it. I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'd like to learn more about it.
Sure, did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time but I can tell you other titles by her if you like.
It was released in 2015. She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, you are right. Mamma Mia also starred in you know that Keanu Reeves acted in this movie.
You are welcome. Warcraft also starred Ian McKellen. It was a great movie!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Yes, I love the Giants! It's a great place to visit.
I've seen it but I'd love to! It was great! It would be fun to watch!
Who's your favorite team?
It came out in 2013. Are you a fan of baseball?
Louis Sachar starred in Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you seen either?
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another popular novel, have you heard of it?
I am not sure but I do know it is children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes Phil Mickelson is actually a top golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in Tusk.
Yes he does, he is a great golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, did you know Phil won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
That's cool. Did you know Phil Mickelson was also a producer on Entourage?
Awesome, I think you'll enjoy them!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
It came out in 2010. Did you know that The Time Machine was released in 1960?
Yes I love Caddyshack! I liked it when it came out. Do you?
No problem, enjoy!
A Space Odyssey is starring Daniel Radcliffe as well as Jennifer Lawrence. Does this help?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is! He is a great shooting guard for the Houston Rockets.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner. If you like baseball, you might be interested in watching the World Series.
Of course! I know that the Yankees are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
It's a good one. It was written by James Cameron. Are you familiar with his work?
i do not have that information right now but Robert Bloch also wrote a slasher book called No Country for Old Men.
I am not sure about his recent work, but I can tell you that Alfred Hitchcock directed a drama called The Trouble with Harry.
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
What do you think of the team?
Are you a fan of both teams?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
He starred in The Princess Diaries and The House of Mirth. Have you seen any of those?
Creed is a thriller, directed by Roland Emmerich.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama and Fiction book. It was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
It's a great movie starring Ridley Scott. It was released in 2013.
It also stars Xander Berkeley, Michael Byrne and Regina King
He was in a great movie called The Young Sherlock Holmes
Yes it was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, both historical fiction novels.
In that case, I have The Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
It's an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
You may want to check out Terminator Salvation if you like thrillers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Things Behind The Sun and The Waterdance. Have you watch them?
She's great. I think you'll enjoy her as well!
I'm not sure. It is a drama.
I haven't seen that one yet, but I've heard it's very good.
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB but since he left I am lukewarm about them. How about you?
I am not sure of the mascot is. Do you know who he is?
The only one that I know is the Dallas Cowboys. Would you like to watch the Superbowl?
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Templar
He also directed Star Wars: The Force Awakens with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with it?
It's a Thriller with Sean Connery. Are you familiar with him?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian wrote Dark Places and Dark Places. He also wrote Shadow Kiss and Dark Places.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. He also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do. I think that is a great writer.
Yes I like science fiction. I like X-Men 2 and World Without End. Have you seen any of those?
Great. Have a good day.
He plays cricket and is from India. Do you watch cricket often ?
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you know if he is in the cricket team?
I haven't heard of him, but know that he plays for the Mumbai Indians team, do you like cricket?
I've seen many games, but I haven't watched many games. I like baseball, too. Who's your favorite player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who do you like inflate-gate?
You're welcome
Yeah, I know that they are a team in the NBA. Do you know who they play for?
It is a drama. Looper stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Good, you will like Warlock. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. If you like Stephen King, he is also in it. He is a great actor.
You might also enjoy the movie Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You may be interested in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden
Im Westen nichts Neues was released in 1929 and is in English.
Yes, it does have a English translation and is from Germany.
My pleasure. Glad I could help.
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
She played tennis. I haven't seen a movie yet, but it's kind of a sci-fi.
Yes, Williams sisters are a great tennis player. Do you have a favorite player?
Yes, I like it as well!
I agree. I love fashion movies. How about you?
Yes I do, it was written by Tennessee Williams and stars Tom Sturgess. Have you seen it?
Tennessee Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and along with Meryl Streep
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
your welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a Novel as well as Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is an athlete who plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
He has directed a number of films including Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, and The Usual Suspects. Have you seen any of these?
It appears that David Ayer is the lead actor. I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
Sure, he starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige, The Dark Knight
your welcome
I haven't watched much football but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
My husband loves the Bears. I think the Saints are doing well this year.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen those?
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network. Would you like to know more?
The genre is Thriller and Drama
The Social Network was released in 2010, and The Other Boleyn Girl released in 2010
2010 is the genre for The Social Network.
2010 is the sequel to The Social Network if you are interested in watching it.
you're welcome. Enjoy!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
Yes, I know Tobey Maguire starred in The Throne of Fire and The Silkworm. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a thriller.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, it is a Young-adult fiction. If you like Inheritance Cycle you might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because it was written by Sarah J Maas or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2014. Are you looking for something new?
Sure, I think you'll enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
I'm not sure but I can tell you she was an author of a book that was released in 1817.
Yeah, I haven't read that one yet. Would you like to read it?
Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player
I'm sorry, I do not I know of any players like her.
I believe the most popular players in the world are Wrath of the Titans and Ran.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and Other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark movies?
Yes, he was a scientist and a scientist. Are you a fan of his?
He directed Milk and Honey. Have you seen that one?
Robin's a great actor! He starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you interested in any of those?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It is also a good family movie.
Rebecca Hall and Cameron Diaz starred in it.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about the Homer but I do know that he wrote The Crazies which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
How about The Iliad or The House of the Seven Gables?
All I know is that she wrote it in the English language.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan but I do have a favorite team. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants are a football team?
No, they haven't played this game but they have a good chance of going to the Super Bowl.
Proposal is a drama starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality and Two Weeks Notices with Justin Timberlake
Sure, that is a great movie I would recommend.
The Sum of All Fears and Without Remorse are great books he wrote.
It looks like they are released in 2008. Do you want to know more about this book?
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
They are coached by Mike Woodson. Do you know if they are in the NBA?
The team is owned by Mike Woodson
The team is a part of the NFC South Division
You're Welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
He starred in Minority Report and in the movie In Bruges. I am not familiar with those movies.
If you liked Colin Farrell in Seven Psychopaths, you might also like Good Will Hunting.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are ok. I'm not a fan of their coach, but I do know that they are owned by John Fox
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that one. But I believe it's written by Michael Blake.
I love Michael Irby! I think he was in X-Men 2 and World War Z.
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book. If you like children's literature you should check out The Giver or The Giver.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Yes he does. Is he a good player on that team?
Yes it is, and he played the Manchester United F.C. team as well.
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is quite popular. Have you read it?
Her other works include The Return of the King and The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read any of those?
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It talks about the personal experience of a woman and her life.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
I do not know too much about him but he wrote она и мир.
He starred in Your Highness and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Sure, it is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. Are you familiar with him?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome.
He plays soccer, right? I'm not much of a soccer fan. What about you?
Yeah I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know that I like some other sports. What sport do you like?
I have not seen that one either. I love that movie!! It's a great family movie though.
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie! I loved that one too.
It's a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Yes! The Sea of Monsters was written by Riordan and is a Fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
it has genre Historical period drama
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. She also wrote The teeth of the tiger is in the same genre.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote Fahrenheit 451, The Martian Chronicles, and The Illustrated Man. Have you read any of these?
Then you might like The Martian Chronicles or The House of Mirth.
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1987. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Sure, enjoy the book!
He plays for the Chile national football team, do you like soccer?
Not really, I know he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
That one stars Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because it's a family movie. It's a comedy too.
Yes, she was. Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath that starred in
Beneath was in What Lies Beneath as well. You may like The Watchers or The Dark Knight. Both are thrillers.
Great. Do you want to know more about the movie?
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player
Yes, he actually competed in the 1998 Olympics.
Yes he is, and he is also from the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is an action movie?
Great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson, have you seen it?
Hmmm, I'm not sure if he has done any other movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hmmm, I'm not sure about his movies but I would recommend The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Final Destination 2 is a thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now but I can tell you the author of the film starring Eric Brees. Eric Brees is a well-known director.
William Scott wrote and directed The Skin I Live in, he has also written The Magic Pebbles.
October Sky is a crime drama starring William Lee Scott.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I like her as well, she has a lot of celebrity friends as she is a singer, songwriter and actress.
I am not sure, but I know it was a film that Britney Spears starred in it.
You're welcome.
300 is directed by him.
My apologies. I don't have that information right now. But he did a writing star in this movie.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Diane Keaton starred in this movie.
Yes. Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Keanu Reeves starred in Kill Bill. Would you like to know more about it?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, Persuasion is a Romance Novel as well as a Romance Novel. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yep, if you like romance novels, you might enjoy Persuasion.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Best Man and The Emperor's New Groove. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that The Mortal Instruments is a mystery.
Tom Cruise - Gnomeo & Juliet. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he was Days of Thunder also starring Robert Duvall. Do you like him?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. He also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
You are welcome
I think they have lost their game today. Are you a Packers fan?
Well, I'm a Packers fan, but I haven't been following them since 2012.
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, Where There's Smoke is a movie that is similar to My Sister's Keeper.
No, I don't have any information on that one but there is a thriller called The Tenth Circle by Karen Chance.
I do not watch much soccer but I do know that he is a midfielder from Germany.
I agree with you and any other sports to watch. I like basketball better than football.
I agree with you on that. Did you know he also plays for FC Bayern Munich II?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners. Have you read any of these?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't show any other fantasy books. However, The Dark Tower and The Shadows are also part of a series.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. I do know that he wrote The War of the Worlds.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I do! He is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Tom Benson and Dwayne Johnson are some of the players. Do you know who is on that team?
You're welcome
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Yes. I would say she is from Honolulu.
Wow. I did know that. What do you think of her?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Bodyguard starred Robert Duvall and is a comedy. Do you like comedy films?
Sure. It was released in 1991. It also starred Ian McKellen.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I do! Did you know he starred in Shrek 2?
Yeah, the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography. I haven't seen it yet, have you ever seen it?
I believe he is married to Michael Jackson. I think he has had a long career.
Sure! Monster Inc was written by Dan Scanlon and stars Thomas Lennon. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Have you seen the Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor?
A Good Day to Die is a Disney movie starring Kenny Baker. It's highly recommended!
She wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a Romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of The Oz books. Other books in the series are The Marvelous Land of Oz and The Ozma of Oz.
I haven't, but I know that The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was made into a movie. I haven't seen it yet. Have you already read it?
I do. I'm glad I could help.
I'm not a big tennis fan, but I do know he's married to Serena Williams
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player?
You're welcome
I sure can! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes, and The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of these?
It was published in 1895. Would you like to know more about Arthur Conan Doyle?
Glad to help. Enjoy the book!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Z for Zachariah is a great mystery book that I think you will enjoy. Have you read it?
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have a great read!
I haven't. I haven't read it yet but I know it was written by Veronica Roth
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and Insurgent. Have you read them?
Free Four: The Son Son is a story of a dystopian children's literature that was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years. What do you think?
I like song Love is a good one. Do you know what type of music she plays?
Yes she did, and it came out in movies. Do you know what type of music do you like?
Sure! Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is a thriller?
Sure. He also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure. Have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend you checking it out.
She also wrote Where There's Smoke and The Tenth Circle. Have you read those?
It is a fictional novel. Does that interest you?
He is a soccer player, he has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who are your favorites?
I am not much of a football fan, but I know they are coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know he's married to Helena Bonham Carter. I love his music.
I don't know a lot about it, but I know he is married to Helena Bonham Carter.
He directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. It stars Stephen King, Tom Everett, and Corey Johnson. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I liked her in that movie Spring Breakers. Did you know she was in that movie?
I like the song Love Song. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a great one. It's a mystery novel.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, Xenocide is a book categorized as Speculative fiction. Xenocide is a novel with a science fiction genre.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
Yes, it was! Rosemary Wells was also a screenwriter for the movie.
You are welcome!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie yet?
Have you heard of Heart Huckabees?
Sure. Submarine is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was in the movie American Gangster which was a really good movie you might enjoy.
Your welcome.
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams. Have you read the book?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Yes, it was released in 1996 and was directed by Douglas Adams as well.
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a mystery/thriller novel by Douglas Adams as well.
Absolutely! Anything else I can help you with today?
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I like Nsync, a lot of different people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I like that team I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yes, you are right. Did you know he is in the Football Hall of Fame?
I like basketball. My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
That is a great movie starring James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
Other science fiction movies you might like are Zombieland and World War Z.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. It stars Matt Damon and was directed by Chris Weitz. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. Please enjoy!
Taxi Driver is a Taxi Driver starring Ryan Reynolds one of the actors in it.
I do not have that information but I do know Wag the Dog is a comedy. Do you like comedy too?
Yes. Denzel Washington has done a great job in it. I highly recommend it.
No problem, I am here for you.
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, and he also starred in Psychological Thrillers. Do you know that?
You might also enjoy The Truman Show or The Secret Life of Bees.
The Pianist is a drama and crime movie. If you enjoy those, you might also like The Wolf of Wall Street.
You are welcome
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is dating Rory McIIroy
No, I did not. What genre is that?
All I know about her is that she also starred in Serena and Hair Show.
I think Serena lives in Palm Beach, California. Have you seen it?
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a Drama. Do you like those?
There's Jennifer Donnelly, Without a Trace, and Without Remorse.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was a Romance novel?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is in the genre of Thriller. I think you'd enjoy it.
Certainly!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It was directed by David Fincher.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Pandemonium is a good one in the speculative genre. Another speculative genre is speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she has also starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl
Yes it was good. It was also produced by Madonna.
Yes, you are right. Did you know that she also starred in the movie The Art of Loving as well?
Yeah, she was in the movie Two Girls and Love Actually. Have you seen any of those movies?
That is a good one!
Sure! That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a great read.
No, I'm sorry.
You are welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman. Are you a fan of them?
Yes it is in English, do you like that genre?
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här.
He wrote You've Been Warned, Worst Case, and With & Wizard. Have you read any of these?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13.
Do you have any other questions that I can help you with?
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne too. It's a romantic comedy
That movie was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed The Polar Express. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream which is a romance film. Have you seen it yet?
The Wrestler is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams stars Ellen Burstyn, I know that it is written by Darren Aronofsky
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you see that one?
Sure, some of the stars in Apocalypse Now are The Godfather, The Godfather, and The Godfather.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but Apocalypse Now is a war film and drama.
Sure! The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a popular one that he starred in. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama/mystery film. Are you interested in those?
Well, if you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier. Have you read any of those?
Vanessa Redmayne, who all stars in The Pillars of the Earth, are you familiar with her?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Are you a patriots fan?
Belich, isn't he? He starred in that movie The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, it stars Tom Hardy and Bill Murray. It's a great sci-fi thriller.
That's right he starred in Mad Max: Fury Road. Would you like to know more about that movie?
Yes, she has a great cast including Will Smith and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes, Zoe Kravitz has starred in The Brave One and it is a drama film.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City of Ember. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2014
Another good one would be The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction movie?
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it does have a film and it's a psychological thriller.
Yes it is. It's a German language movie.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I know he's an athlete on a Wales national football team.
Yes he is, and he is also a midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales
Sia Furler is a musician, lyracist, producer and lyricist.
I'm a fan, I really like her music. Did you know she starred in a movie called Footloose?
Yes, she is a very talented singer. I am a huge fan of her music.
I have not, but I know it is written by James Cameron. Do you like him?
I have, if you like The Silence of the Lambs, I know it is written by Anthony Heald.
I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. I think I have seen that one. It's a great one.
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie! Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it, too.
You're welcome
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
It's the Story of a Happy Marriage and The Time Machine. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction.
Your welcome.
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
The Selection is a historical novel and it was released in 2011. Do you like Kiera Cass' writting?
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was a sci-fi?
Would you like me to choose Action movies or Action movies?
Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman star in it. Anything else I can help you with?
You are right! I think I'll have to check this out.
Do you like it because it's speculative fiction?
Some of her other books are What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day and The Mark of Athena.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do not have that movie, but I can tell you that The Hangover is written by Yann Martel.
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
It is considered a Drama/Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Tipping Point Book is a Non-fiction book written by Richelle Mead and is also a movie.
The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference are also written by Malcolm Gladwell.
Yes, he does. Are you a Tony Robbins fan?
Your welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. He also directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen those?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
White House Down is a great one by Valerie Plame
Fair Game is starring Sandra Bullock and Bill Murray, who is also in it
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, Amadeus, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he did. That's a historical fiction. You should check it out. My apologies.
Yes, I can.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1951. It's a children's literature that was released in 1950.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The athlete Gautam Gambhir is okay in Cricket
I am not a big cricket fan but I do know he is married to Slumdog Millionaire. Are you a fan?
I haven't! Is he a great athlete?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I am not sure about his , but I know he is a singer/songwriter. I am not familiar with his work.
You should watch The White Album, it is a really popular one
It was written by James Frey which has a Speculative fiction.
Sure. He wrote Three Cups of Tea and The Others. Have you read those?
You are welcome. Glad i could help.
You're welcome.
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
he wrote the book Tuesdays with Morrie
it is a drama film
sure you're welcome
I think he is a talented footballer, do you know who he plays for?
My favorite sport is American Football. What is yours?
Then I prefer American Football as well! Who is your favorite player?
Yes, I can! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote The Thorn Birds and The Wild Life.
Unfortunately, I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. However, I can tell you that he is a writer and also a scientist.
You got it. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that.
He is a writer and author. There's a movie called The Aleppo which was released in 1987.
It's a fantasy novel. You should check it out.
You're welcome.
G.O.T. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the New England Patriots.
Sarah Clarke, Katharine McPhee, and Dustin Milligan are all in the movie.
Eva Mendes was in the movie What Happened to Goodbye
Yes it is. It is written by Neil Gaiman and stars Adam Levine. Do you like him?
Sure! He was also in American Sniper. I don't know of his other movies. Is that your favorite?
It is considered a drama. It's a good movie.
Any time! Enjoy!
I do! What's your favorite movie that he starred in?
Gangs of New York starred Robert De Niro. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You might also like The Women of Brewster Place. It starred Robert De Niro.
You might want to try You've Got Mail. It's produced by Robert De Niro.
Sure. It's a great movie starring Robert De Niro. If you like Robert De Niro, you should also try The Quick and the Dead.
It also stars Robert De Niro and was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do it's written by Joel Cohen and is such a wonderful animated movie.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen that movie?
Larry Crowne was produced by Tom Hanks. He also produced it.
Larry Crowne is a Romance and Fantasy movie. Do you like those type of movies?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great family comedy. I think you would like it.
You're very welcome!
Yes I do. I would recommend Star Wars: The Phantom Menace, it is a sci-fi, horror movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes I can. You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Liam Neeson. The Phantom Menace is another fantasy movie he starred in.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are so welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, they won the Super Bowl XLVII, right?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They have a good season so I'm not a fan, but they have a good season this year.
I am not a big baseball fan, I do know that they are coached by John Farrell
Yes, you are right. Do you know who is from Monmouth Beach?
Me either but I do like that team, they are both from New York.
I did not see that one, but I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Similar to Divergent is The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Long Walk.
anything else I can do for you?
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She wrote the whole harry potter series. Or I could find something based off the fantasy genre.
There were no other actors in Goonies. The movie starred Robert De Niro and Robert Davi.
Yes, she is! Did you know Nicki Minaj is also a celebrity friend to Tyga?
I can't wait to see how she does. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not a big fan of her music but I know she does a regular appearance on American Idol
Yes, I am a fan of the author Jhumpa Lahiri
It is a genre of historical period drama. Is that your favorite genre?
I like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's another great movie.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore Lesieg wrote a version of The Sneetches and Other Stories
The Lorax was released in 1999
Have you heard of A Child's Garden?
your welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Never let me go is a thriller that was released in 2002 and is written by Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which is a thriller as well.
Yes he did! He's a great actor. He's also a director, a film producer and a screenwriter.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
Its a drama
Your Welcome
What would you like to know about the book Luftslottet som sprängdes?
You might know Män som hatar kvinnor. I don't know any other works by Stieg Larsson.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
Akira Kurosawa has directed a number of Japanese films, including Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, and Ran.
Yojimbo starred in Yojimbo, Kojimbo, and Ran.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good one, you might like it.
Any time, enjoy!
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a good one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions has genre Drama. what else can i answer for you?
is a comedy. What else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I'm not a big football fan but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Me too! Did you know the Redskins won the Super Bowl this year?
Yes, He wrote Moonwalker which is one of my favorites.
Yes, Men in Black II is a good movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich. I love him!
He was also in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks directed a lot of great films, including World War Z, and Walking Tall. Have you seen any of those?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy which is a crime drama film
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
If you like that, you might want to try the San Diego Chargers. Have you ever seen them play?
I'm not sure. Do you know when they play in the Super Bowl?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it is a thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he wrote X-Men 2. Have you seen it yet?
Yes. Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men 2.
That's right! Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
Sure! Douglas Adams was a great actor, he starred in The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information right now but I do know it was published in 2008
There are so many great books to recommend. The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and The Invisible Man are also released that year.
Can I help you with anything else?
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies starring Marlon Brando?
Ok, he wrote Apocalypse Now, which was written by Joseph Conrad.
Marlon Brando stars in Apocalypse Now, as well as Apocalypse Now.
OK. It stars Marlon Brando and is a Marlon Brando. If you like Marlon Brando, you should check it out.
Yes, it was. It starred Al Pacino, who was also in Apocalypse Now, as well.
If you like dramas you might want to check out The Godfather II. It stars Marlon Brando too.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that the team is coached by Mike McCarthy
Oh yea that's right. I know he is a member of the Olympic sports team.
Who knows! He is from Pittsburgh too! I think he was a great place. I think he was a great place.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are having a good season. Who do you think is going to the Super Bowl?
I'm glad we are on the same page with them!
I like baseball too! What's your favorite team?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Vince was in a film, too. If you like television, you might also like Annie Hall. Have you seen it?
Sure! It was a movie that was released in 2007. It has the qualities you are looking for and stars Stephen Fry. Are you familiar with him?
The Namesake is one of my favorite books by Jhumpa Lahiri.
Have you heard of Apocalypto? It was written by Michael Petty and was released in 2008.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott.
Xenocide is added. Enjoy!
He starred in Zoom which is Science fiction. You might also like The Informant!
Born to Wild also starred Charlize Theron and Jason Statham. It's a great movie!
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you like country?
I don't know if that's his record but I do know he was in the movie The Christmas Blessing, which is a song of his.
I don't know, but I do know he composed the music that he started in Nashville.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes. It's a TV series by Sara Shepard. It was released in 1999.
Yes! Some of my favorites are What My Mother Doesn't Know and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I am not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like soccer?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I like college football, what can you tell me about it?
I don't know much about footbal but I know they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. They have a good coach.
I didn't know that! He's a great quarterback. What do you think?
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis were in it. I love him.
Not sure. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
What else can you tell me about her?
Yes, she did a great job.
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is written by Kim Edwards. Do you like books by him?
Kim Edward won an Academy Award for Best Novel for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Novel.
Your welcome. Hope it helps.
Yes he wrote Defending Jacob. Do you like dramas?
It's a movie too, would you like me to send it to you?
It's a thriller with a lot of action genres. Would you like me to send it to you?
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you have a preference?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
The Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Of course! What You Will is the sequel to A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is written by Tom Holland.
You're welcome, have a great day!
He directed Headhunters which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as Headhunters. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini, who also wrote The Kite Runner.
Sure, he wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Not off the top of my head but he was in Whiplash.
Sure, Damien Chazelle wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Power of Habit and more. Have you heard of any of these movies?
La La Land has a genre of West Coast hip hop and is a Romance Film starring Damien Chazelle.
You're welcome, enjoy!
OK. Have a great day.
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
It's a drama/mystery that was released in 2005. It's really good.
Sure! Situation is added to your watch list. I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Friends with Benefits and Without Remorse. Have you heard of those?
Oh ok, it was written by I think it was also made into a film that starred Will Smith and Jennifer Lawrence
Wow! I loved that one as well. She was in a lot of comedy shows like You Got Served, and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes I would! It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might like The House of Mirth or The Manchurian Candidate by Harper Lee.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Zaslow. Have you heard of him?
That's right, he did star in Star Trek. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Will do, would you like me to add that now?
Yes he wrote The Wackness starring Jane Adems.
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, the actors in Wackness are Audrey Tautou, Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson.
Sure ! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Certainly! Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
If you liked Treasure Island you might also like The Black Dahlia which was released in 1882.
I sure can! Roman Polanski directed a favorite of mine, The Ghost Writer, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of those?
Would you like to hear about other crime fiction movies?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
You might enjoy The Sea of Monsters or The Fugitive.
Yes, that's right, with a great cast.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly. It stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Seth Rogan was in the box office hit movie The Incredible Hulk and The Resident Evil. Do you like any of these movies?
Yes he was James Franco also starred in It's Kind of a Funny Story.
James Franco also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen that Sitter.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is considered a Modern Prometheus an action film. Do you like that genre?
Frankenstein is written in English and is also considered a Modern Prometheus.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it!
Fight Club is a thriller. It's starring Jim Uhls. Do you like thrillers?
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Edward Norton starred in Fight Club.
You're welcome.
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
He directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes. Denzel Washington was in The Siege as well.
You are right! Edward Zwick also directed Antwone Fisher. Have you seen that one?
You're right! Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. He was also in Training Day.
Yes he was. Volcano High is a thriller.
You are welcome.
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like baseball?
Not much. I prefer baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it yet?
It came out in 2006 and was written in English
I am not sure, but I do know it was released in 2009 and is written by Stephen J. Dubner
I'll add it now.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes. Eli Wallach starred in The Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. World Without End and The Silence of the Lambs are two great movies with the same genre.
You got it. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a thriller and The Hunt for Red October.
No problem. Any time!
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Time Bandits. Have you heard of them?
There is not that I know of but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House if you liked it.
There's Welcome to the Monkey House if you like speculative fiction.
He's directed a lot of great movies like There's Something about Mary, Million Dollar Baby, and Why Did I Get Married Too
Brad Pitt and American Gangster are in it. It's a really good movie.
That's correct. If you like him, you might like The Civil War. It's a thriller.
He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 2006 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Great choice! Judy Greer and Kevin Corrigan starred in it. It was directed by David Ayer.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Cradle of Life. Have you seen any of these?
Underdog is a drama starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It is a triller /Adventure Film
Yes, he has starred in a lot of movies, including The Scorpion King, The Mask, and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
They are owned by Wayne Weaver. Who is their quarterback this year?
I actually do, actually! The Philadelphia Eagles are owned by J.K. Rowling.
I love football. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It's a great movie! American Beauty also starred Annette Bening and Kevin Spacey.
Yes, it is. I think you would enjoy it.
That's a great movie. It stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes I believe it was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Die Hard with A Vengeance is a good one. Have you seen that one?
Die Hard with A Vengeance is a good one you may enjoy if you like action movies
Sure, I could recommend a movie similar to World War Z, which was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
Sure, do you need anything else?
Yes, he starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, the girl from We Don't Live Here Anymore was. She also starred in The Truman Show.
Yes, she also starred in The Rum Diary with Naomi Watts. It was good movie!
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is an action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. They are amazing.
If you liked Huge Jackman, you might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller
The Change-Up with Ryan Reynolds is a great choice. It is produced by Bruce Willis, who also produced it.
Sure, have a great day!
He directed The Transporter starring Qi Shu. Have you seen it?
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Statham. Are you familiar with Jason Statham?
You might be right. He was also the actor in The Transporter. He was also a director and a scientist.
Good Will Hunting is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
Vampire Slayer is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Izzard, and Bill Murray to name a few.
No, do you want me to add this film to your watch list?
I am not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that it is a drama
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. I know he wrote a book called No Country for Old Men which was released in 2008.
Sure. It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It was published in 1856. Would you like to know more about 1856?
It is a Romance Novel. If you like Romance Novel I would recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Yes, The Scarlet Letter, The House of the Seven Gables are also considered literary Realism. Have you heard of any of these?
You're welcome
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, who also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
It was released in 2010. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Die hard with a Vengeance is a great movie starring Bruce Willis
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
At the moment i do not. Have you heard of Hudson Hawk?
Great i hope you do.
I know he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should check out The Sound of Music if you like Drama.
I don't know much about her, but I do know he is married to Jessica Biel
Certainly! Leonard Nimoy starred in a lot of the actors that starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
Siddhartha is a novel written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Siddhartha is a great speculative fiction book. You will enjoy this if you are interested.
Journey to the East was released in 1936.
Your welcome, enjoy!
I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil. Have you read either of those?
I'm not really into Adventure, but I do know Witches Abroad is in that genre.
Yes, I believe so. If you like Michelle Paver, you should definitely check out Blade Runner.
You should definitely check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote рилаение на кан
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and the Lord of the Rings are the best.
There is no other information available at this time.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a member of many professional basketball teams. Do you know who he plays for?
Sure, Warriors is a team in the American football team in the American Football Conference. Are you a fan of basketball?
Not really,I know that he is a basketball player right?
Sure, some similar books would be Teacher Man and Teacher Man
you might also enjoy The Scorch Trials or Lord of War.
you are welcome
I like the book Silence of the Lambs, it is written by Anthony Heald. It is a speculative fiction book.
He wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune. Have you read those?
It was released in 2010. It also has genres thriller and mystery.
your welcome
I am not familiar with them. I know that their coach is Jose Mourinho
Who is your favorite athlete?
What team is he playing for?
He wrote The Sea Wolf. Have you read that?
White Fang was considered a fiction as well. If you like fiction you might like To Build a Fire and The Maze Runner.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Are you a fan of Thrillers? I haven't seen it yet.
I am not familiar with that show but I know it was a comedy too.
Yes, I haven't seen it either. It's very good.
Me too. Enjoy the movie!
Would you like recommendations of other comedies starring William Shakespeare?
It was released in 2009, and is a Romance Novel.
That's a great one. Did you know she wrote The Casual Vacancy?
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard
You might also like The Royal Tenenbaums that he wrote. Have you read that one?
There's The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Silkworm. I think you would like those.
The Divergent Series is a Science Fiction genre book written by Veronica Roth. It was released in 2004.
You're very welcome.
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
He also wrote the movie Tootsie which is a comedy.
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know that they are in the National League and are owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like baseball?
Only one. But my favorite is the Washington Redskins. Do you like that team?
I don't know much about it, but I did see Laguero being a member of the Dodgers.
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fifth Element and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. It's a TV series and produced by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
I love Chealsea! It is one of my favorite songs.
I'm not much of a soccer fan, but I do know the redskins is my favorite team, how about you?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
It starred Winona Ryder and was written by Andy Weir. It was released in 2005.
He wrote the movie King Kong and starred in it.
I am not sure but it was released in 2005
I am not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yes he played football as I am, and I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Oh great! I'll add those to my list. Thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
I do. The Mets are one of the best teams in the American League East.
I liked Field of Dreams because it was a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I like LeBron James, he's a great NBA player. Do you watch basketball?
No, I haven't but I know he plays for the Houston Rockets
Of course! It's a great movie starring Will Smith. Are you familiar with him?
How about Men in Black that was made into a movie?
Yes, it was a great movie! If you like action movies, you'd like to watch it.
You are very welcome.
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure of the sequel, but The Dark Knight Rises is directed by Christopher Nolan as well.
Happy to help
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005, and The Golden Fool in 2008.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you heard of these?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Another speculative fiction by Kurt Vonnegut Jr is Welcome to the Monkey House
Sure! American History X is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Tony Kaye and written by David McKenna
Tobey Maguire starred in this movie. Are you familiar with him?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Smith. Are you familiar with this documentary?
You're welcome!
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
The Flattered Poems is written by Roger Avary
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a non fiction novel. Does that interest you?
Your welcome
If you give a mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and Felicia Bond. Have you read all the books in the series?
Yes. Mark Wahlberg wrote If You Give a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great example of that genre. Have you seen it?
Sure! It stars Tom Cruise, Jason Bateman, and was written by David Ayer.
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, I will add the book now.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies starring Al Pacino?
Yes, he is a great player, do you watch any other teams?
Yes he is. He seems to be the captain of the NBA team. Did you know he is also a coach?
The Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jim Thorpe
Yes, it seems they will make it to a lot of competition.
youre welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Great, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a speculative fiction novel. I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it.
Crescendo is a romance movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Well it was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion are popular romance novels by Jane Austen.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility which is a historical drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh. I love his music. My favorite is American Idol. Have you heard of her?
Andrew Stanton directed all three The Godfather movies. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2006 and is an adventure movie. Do you like animation movies?
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in it as well.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. He starred in Zambezia
Correct. Do you like Jennifer Hale in it? She was in it too.
I have The Shadowhunter's Codex and Who's That Chick.
you're welcome
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
What type of sports do you like watching?
He wrote it, and he was a screenwriter too.
From what I can tell, he's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does! He's also a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He does! That's right! Seattle Seahawks is in the National Basketball Hall of Fame.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a drama and written by Iain Canning stars Tom Hardy. It is a great movie.
Yes, that is correct and he also starred in The King's Speech which is a drama
Yes, would you like me to send it to you?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
I don't know a lot about her, but I do know that she starred in Shakira. She must be very talented.
How do you feel about Nicki Minaj?
They are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Yes, I do like the Bears, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
That's great! I'll have to check out the commercials.
Isn't he a good basketball player? I'm not a big fan of him.
I'm not sure. I do know that he is a forward but he is a point guard.
I am not sure, but he is a good actor.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
Sure, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, Brokeback Mountain starred Tom Cruise, who also starred in The Road to El Dorado.
I recommend The Right Stuff and The Campaign. Have you seen those?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
Are you a fan of Lovie Smith?
I like football, what about you?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like it because it is speculative fiction?
The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling are both in the fantasy genre.
Well I do not have that information right now. Something else I can help you with today?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in a lot of movies including To Rome with Love as well as To Rome with Love.
To Rome With Love stars William Hurt and Olivia Williams. Are you a fan of any of these actors?
I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
So do I! It's a good one starring Will Smith.
Oh I sure can! A couple of my favorites are World Trade Center and The Shield. Have you heard of those?
You're welcome!
He wrote the Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It is a film starring Jeffrey Eugenides.
It was released in 1991. It is a fiction book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, I like it because it's a comedy and it was produced by Judd apatow. Do you like him?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. He also starred in The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has starred in both of them. Have you seen Knocked Up?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Queen and The Last Queen. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter along with Richardson.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Absolutely!
Oh yes, I love her! She is very talented. I love Rolling In the Deep. You like her music?
Yes, I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira.
Yes, I like it too. I like the song This Way Comes Back. Are you familiar with it?
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Dark Knight Rises is a Fantasy and Fantasy Film.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi movie.
Enjoy the movie!
Dani Alves is a player on the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What sport do you like?
They are second in the NFC North. I think they will make it to the NFC North!
Yeah, they are having a good season. I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are doing well this season.
What do you think of Teddy Bridgewater?
Well, would you like to hear about the genre of it's actors, or would you prefer something in the same genre?
It is a novel about social criticism and was released in 1838. It doesn't seem to be a book that was released in 1838.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy A Christmas Carol. It was released in 1838.
It appears to have been made into a movie as an action film. Do you like adventure movies?
I don't have that right now but A Tale of Two Cities is written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass starred in The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren and The One Minute Manager. Have you read those?
It was released in 2015 and is a drama/mystery.
No problem!
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol or other action movies?
Yes, they are and it is a thriller starring Tom Cruise. You should definitely watch it.
Then you might like Annie Hall or The Last Samurai.
No problem, I am here for you.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Animal Farm. It has a genre of Children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman writes in the genre of Children's Literature and speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Roger Zelazny. Would you like to know more about this?
Of course! Other books in that genre include Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of his?
That was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in Limitless, The Word, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods was released in 1997 and is an adventure film directed by Bradley Cooper.
It is a thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in thrillers?
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
yes he was. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1843
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
рилаение на калаение на кан
I am not sure. I don't know if that is where he is.
Aladdin is a family genre. Is that what you are looking for?
Two for the Money and The Golden Compass
Of course. The next in that series is The Manchurian Candidate
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Jordan. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not familiar with that movie, but I know it was written by Neil Jordan. It also stars Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
Yes, he did. Neil Jordan also directed The End of the Affair. Do you like dramas?
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed such well-known films as Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes he was. Do you know who starred in that movie?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses which is a great one.
No problem. Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It is a Sci-Fi movie starring Abigail Breslin, have you seen it?
Starring Daniel Radcliffe and Jada Pinkett Smith is a good actor.
your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes? I like her song Thank Me Later. Do you know that Nicki Minaj is a friend to Tyga?
What's your favorite song?
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right! I think you'd like it. It was released in 2005. That's a great movie!
You're welcome! Glad I could help!
Sure! He starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is a comedy/drama Film
Your welcome enjoy!
Great enjoy the movie!
Sure, have a great day!
Yes! Blood Diamond was a thriller. Do you like that genre or the actors?
Yes he starred in that movie
The Lord of War was released in 2005
CCH Pounder stars in Welcome to the Monkey House and The Swan. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in Who's That Chick and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes. He starred in that movie along with Steven Zegers.
Sure, Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt star in that movie. Are you a fan of drama?
She also starred in Wicked This Way Comes which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, she is. Did you know that Anne Hathaway starred in The Iron Lady?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Do either of those interest you?
Then you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me or The Titan's Curse.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which has a genre of Romance
The Last Samurai and Angelina Jolie starred in it.
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013 and is an action movie. Do you like that genre?
Hayao Miyazaki directed Unstoppable and The Witch of Blackbird Pond. Have you seen those?
It's a romance film, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
If you like Hayao Miyazaki, you should check out Sophie Okonedo too.
Yes, Yûki Amami is an olympic film, but I don't know what it is. I guess it would be considered a drama.
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
Besides that movie he starred in There Will Be Blood, it's a drama about a man who is suddenly able to enter his life.
You are welcome.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadow Rising and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of these?
The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins. It is also a film starring Paula Hawkins. I highly recommend it.
Sure, have fun reading!
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, have you read The Reunion or The Manchurian Candidate?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes I do, The Bad Beginning is a mystery book written by E.B. White.
You got it. You should check out Out of the Dust!
Yes it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
Romance genre
Your welcome
I can tell you that Memoirs of a Geisha is a book that was turned into a film and was directed by Kate Chopin
The next in the series is Memoirs of Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great. Did you know he also did a couple of movies?
That's right! Kevin Williamson wrote and directed Scream 4.
I'm not much of a fan of Anna Paquin, but I do know he starred in Dead Poets Society.
Really, I'm not sure. I just know that she starred in a comedy called Friends with Benefits.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
That's right! Would you like to know more about The Cat in the Hat?
Was this the children's movie?
Did you know he produced and starred in A Bug's Life? That's one of my favorites.
That's right! I think she was in that movie too.
No problem, enjoy!
He's the one that wrote The Trumpet of the Swan. Have you read it?
Sure. Safe Haven is a thriller starring Nicholas Sparks. Do you like thrillers?
Mark Camacho starred in Cheaper by the Dozen. He also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004. Do you like movies starring Steve Martin?
That's right, he's in a box office hit movie as well.
Sure, do you need any more help?
Sure, I can tell you that The Terminator stars Christian Bale as well as James Cameron. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did. The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie.
I don't know, but I know he produced The Women of Brewster Place. Oprah Winfrey starred in King.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2010 and is in the genre Science Fiction.
Sure! It was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about this topic?
It's considered speculative fiction.
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You should check out At the moment, it is on the way.
Happy to help!
Sure, you're welcome.
He's such a great director! He directed the sci-fi film Eraser. Are you familiar with that film?
Inland Empire is a Fantasy Film
Idiocracy stars Rachel McAdams. Are you familiar with her?
It was released in 2013.
Certainly!
your welcome
Gone with the Wind is a drama starring Thomas Mitchell. Do you like movies starring Thomas Mitchell?
If you enjoyed that movie, you might also like Tender is the Night
I'm not sure about that one, but I know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. I think you would enjoy it.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Spitfire Grill. Have you seen them?
Yes, he's a tennis player who was in the 2008 summer Olympics.
Yes, I do like Serena as well. She is a great tennis player as well. Did you know she also stars in a hair show?
Yes. I knew he was a producer on the Miami Dolphins if I had to look it up. I thought it was a professional tennis match.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960. Do you like that genre?
For drama, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate for both Drama and Crime.
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year?
Wow, I didn't know that. She starred in P.E. Hinton. She's a great actress.
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is starring Sandra Bullock and Joely Richardson. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Sure, have fun reading!
He plays on the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a fan?
You are right. He was a midfielder as well.
She is a great tennis player, one of my favorite tennis players is Serena Williams. Are you a fan?
Brett Ratner is a great actor. I liked him in High School Musical. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about her but Al Pacino is in a thriller called Shark Night. That was a drama.
The Glass Castle was a great book. It is considered a memoir. Another memoir is Wild, it is also a memoir. Have you read it?
Rob Zombie wrote that one as well.
She wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I'm not sure, but Alice Sebold wrote Witches Abroad.
That's a great one. The Sixth Sense is another good one by Alice Sebold
No, Jack London wrote White Fang but it was released in 2002
You are very welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
You know, I like Tennis, but I prefer the India national cricket team, but I know a little more about it.
Glad I could be of help.
Yes. Usain Bolt was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
You might also enjoy The Dark World by Christopher Nolan or The Hunt for Red October.
Sure! The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott, Kristin Scott Thomas, and Nicole Kidman.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also stars in Troy Garity.
I believe so, he did star in the thriller The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake as well.
Yes, you're correct. Do you like that genre?
He directed a favorite of mine, Mr. & Mrs. Smith is a great movie!
I can't believe that is correct. Did you know John Sayles wrote and starred in it?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in Tin Cup.
He also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which is a history/historical period drama.
Yes, I think I've seen this show as well. Do you like him?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Other movies from Brooklyn include The Merchant of Venice and The Tiffany's
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's non-fiction, but I highly recommend it!
Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese?
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Sci-Fi, Comedy and Action Film. Any of those you would like to know about?
Of course! Do you like this author because it is a comedy?
You are correct! That's an action film starring Hunter S Thompson. He was also the producer of The Queen in Las Vegas. Have you seen it?
I don't know about it, but I do know that it was directed by David Ayer. It was released in 1994 and is considered a political thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
I believe it was a drama and comedy film. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it. Have you read Girl With a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier?
You are welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
If you like Chris Owen, you should check out The Mist. It is written by Tom Hanks.
Great, would you like to watch National Lampoons 3?
Yes, Woody Allen was great in Annie Hall. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, he wrote Dan Gilroy. Did you know he wrote Michael Clayton?
Matt Damon stars in Bourne Legacy
It is a Romance Film
The Devil's White House Down
good action movies are Therema ton
you are welcome
Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it's a Memoir?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Summer of Sam.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Missing Piece and she also wrote The Giving Tree. Those are both poetry books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he composed We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby which are two of my favorites.
I don't know any songs by her, but I do know that he is married to Kelly Clarke.
Yes, I do like her music. Did you know Luke Bryan won the Tony Award for Best New Artist?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
Seabiscuit is a film starring Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 1999.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by John Grisham. Have you seen it yet?
The Doors stars many great actors, including Tony Goldwyn, Cassandra Clare, and Bill Murray.
Yes, The Doors is a musical starring Mimi Rogers and Michael Madsen.
Of course, can I help you with anything else?
He starred in The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It's a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Then I would recommend The Giver, The Long Walk, and The Long Walk. Have you read any of those?
He's a great soccer player with Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
Yes he also plays soccer
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazil
Not really, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier.
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of the New England Patriots fan.
Thanks for the information!
Yes it is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that actor?
She also stars in the movie Twilight. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes, if you like Anna Kendrick, you might like The Lawnmower Man or The Negotiator.
Sure. I would recommend Vertical Limit, or The Net.
Some other great comedies that you may like are Zombieland and Our Mutual Friend.
You are welcome.
Yes he wrote The Throne of Fire and The Sacrilege: The Antichrist Takes the Throne.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete in India. Isn't he on the cricket team in India?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, he is, and he is a great player. I like his wife, Victoria Azarenka, who I like.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
Great, I will add this to your reading list
My True Love Gave to me was also released that year, and Pretties
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
I think Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
I'm not much into football, I know he's a midfielder on that team, but I know he's very good.
He does! He's a great player. He also coached Manchester United F.C. I love his work.
I like American football, do you know if that's true?
Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight and The Kill Order. Have you read either of these?
He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Waves.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I would recommend The Alpha Master. Have you read it?
Bared to You is written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote Paper Towns
Yes, it was published in 2011
You are welcome
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It's a fiction book, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Boys in the Boat or The Sea of Monsters.
Anything else I can help you with?
He is a great actor. He starred in Taken 2 with Seth Rogen. Have you seen it?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote Braveheart. Do you like his movies?
I am not sure but he did direct Braveheart
He wrote A Christmas Carol starring James Robinson
Is there anything else I can help with?
Martin Gardener wrote The King's Speech, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But it was released in 2007 and is an English language book.
No problem! Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they are both coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know if he still playing for the Raiders, but he was a good player for the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure. Girl with a Pearl Earring has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you looking for something similar to this one?
Yes. It is a sci-fi novel .
I'm sorry. I do not have any more recommendations for you.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also made Zoolander. Would this interest you?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Everett, Eddie Murphy, and Bill Cobbs.
Comedy-dramas -Drama is a good one.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. I can tell you that My Own Hearts is a novel written in English.
My Own Heart's Blood has a genre Thriller.
Anytime! Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Deep Blue Sea. Have you seen any of these?
Well, Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island with Kenny Harlin
It came out in 1999 and directed by David Fincher.
Your Welcome
I'm not a huge fan but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I would say I would be happy to. They had a good season this year and they had a good season.
Same here, I am not a fan of the steelers as well! Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! I know that Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure but John-Henner directed it. Would you like to know more about it?
I do not know that information, but John Henry also starred in Water for Elephants which is a television miniseries.
I do not have that information right now. But you may want to check out other films written by John Powell. It is a comedy too.
Sure! He's a great actress. He also starred in A Mighty Wind and The Secret Life of Bees.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She stars in a movie called Everyone Worth Knowing. It's a romantic comedy
Yes, it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey. Did you know he also wrote it?
Yes I love that movie, it was directed by Matt Reeves. Are you familiar with him?
Alongside Gary Oldman is Zoey Deutch. Are you familiar with his work?
I can't find any examples of sci-fi. Is that what you are looking for?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he is. He directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, The Awakening, and The Awakening.
300: Rise on an Empire is starring Sullivan Stapleton, Sullivan Stapleton, and Sullivan Stapleton.
Certainly. It was released in 1987.
You might like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or the War of the Worlds.
Yes, she is. I love her in that movie titled The Legend of Tarzan.
I am not sure, but I can give you other information about Eva Green if you like.
You're welcome!
I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It is. It's a basketball movie starring Mike McCarthy. Do you like basketball?
That's true. I haven't heard of her before.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in this movie. It was released in 1886. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The original was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, The Tales of Beedle the Bar is a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, would you like to hear about other books written by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
The Sword of Shannara is a great book. It was written by Ernest Hemingway and was released in 1987.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know a lot about Paul Pogba-do, but I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
I don't know much about him, other than he's a Midfielder, right?
Yes, I would. It's an Alabama fan.
Haha. I don't know much about football either.
He wrote Das Parfum, he also an author and a screen writer.
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is a Historical Novel?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Drama. Do you like these genres?
OK, would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I think it was released in 2007.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
no problem. enjoy.
Do you like the movie In Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was a thriller?
Yes, it does star Tom Waits. Would you like to watch it?
She also starred in Minority Report which is a Crime Fiction Film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
Sure! She also starred in Thirteen with Michael G. Wilson. Have you seen it?
She also stars in a movie called Independence Day.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Stephen Zemeckis wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The genre is Science, fiction, and speculative fiction.
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman. Are you a fan of them?
2012 was a great movie. Do you want me to add it to your library?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a action/adventure film, it is also a fantasy. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Golden Compass was written by Philip Seymour Hoffman. Would you like to know more about it?
Interstellar stars Chris Hemsworth, Do you like these actors?
You're welcome
Yes, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a Young-adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. It is part of a series.
He directed American Pie, The Golden Compass and American Pie. Have you seen any of these?
It also stars Denzel Washington. Are you familiar with Denzel Washington?
She also starred in American Pie, have you seen it?
Your welcome
I do! He's a great tennis player. I love watching tennis. How about you?
I've never been on a big match but I've never been to a professional tennis match.
It's always fun to watch from what I've read.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
I don't have that information, but Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a musician.
Sure, do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
The Last Stand has the genre X-Men, and Thriller. Do these genres interest you?
Logan is a superhero movie starring Laurence Fishburne and Kevin Spacey.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, I love his writing! He wrote the movie Monster Inc and starred in Up
He directed the movie Zombieland, which is a good one. Have you seen it?
I like dramas. You might like The World's End or The Days of Future Past.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy them.
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather was written by Marlon Brando too.
The Godfather was released in 1998 and was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. You might like that one.
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. Stephen King directed The Dead Zone.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
Sweet water, The Way Life Should Be, Child of Mine and A Piece of the World.
Not that I am aware of but I do know that The Way Life Should Be is in the same genre.
Will Smith starred in I Am Legend. Would you like to know more about it?
I am Legend is a film starring Will Smith. I haven't seen it yet, are you a fan of Will Smith?
He is, actually! He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one?
Hot Fuzz is an action movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like action movies?
Hot Fuzz is an action movie that you might like. If you like action films you should check out True Grit and No Country for Old Men.
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure film starring Natalie Portman. Have you seen it?
I'm not a big fan, but I like We Found Love.
I like a lot of people, including Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, also a good singer
I am not a big fan of his. What about you?
It was written in 1960. Would you like to know more about this book?
Right. The Incredible Journey was also written by Harper Lee
Yes it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I'd suggest The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Book of Mormon, and The Invisible Man.
Of course! Other books in that genre include "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Golden Compass."
The Deer Hunter is a War movie starring Yuna Kaye and Patrick Muldoon. It's a great Thriller.
Yes, it was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep plays in this movie
Robert De Niro is also in this movie
The only thing I really know about them is that they are in the NFC South Division. Are you a fan?
For sure. It was a good year for them. It was released in 2017. Have you been to any of the games?
Cold Mountain starring Chris Hemsworth and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Sure. If you are into Thriller then you will definitely want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Toronto Raptors.
He has directed a number of thrillers including The Young Sherlock Holmes and The Gunman. Have you seen any of those?
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. Have you heard of them?
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Not sure what else he's starred in, but Public Enemies is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He's down in the movie The Rum Diary which is crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh, I will be sure to check it out!
The Fugitive stars Selena Gomez, Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez.
It also stars Harrison Ford. It was released in 1987.
You should. It also stars Harrison Ford.
The Fugitive was a romantic comedy. It also stars Harrison Ford.
Yes Tommy Lee Jones was in that movie as well. The Fugitive was directed by Harrison Ford.
You're welcome.
J.M. Barrie wrote The White Queen and The Bourne Legacy. Have you read those yet?
Peter Pan has genre Fiction. Do you like fiction?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Yea I think he plays for the France national football team. I don't really follow international sports.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I'm not much of a sci-fi fan but he was in XXX. Do you like action movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes and he also starred in Quentin Tarantino which is a comedy crime drama.
You should watch that one too. That is a comedy too.
Yes, and he also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, he did. The Gazebo is a thriller directed by Quentin Tarantino.
The Gazebo is a great movie!
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End which is a drama and also directed by David Ayer. Would you like to hear more about it?
Sure, Family Guy was released in 2010 and directed by Peter Hyams and released in 2011. It has genre Comedy
Sure, he starred in True Grit and The Wild One
Skyfall stars Tom Berenger, Michael Nyqvist, and Jeremy Renner. What else can I answer for you?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The Men Who Stare at Goats. It's a sci-fi film.
I don't know who the producer is but it is a romantic comedy.
Other movies in this genre include The Casual Vacancy, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia.
Yes, I would recommend Adventure. It is a thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yea she's a great actress. She also starred in Wicked to the World. I like her in movies too.
I am afraid I do not know of any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, I am familiar with him as an actor and director. He directed Ice Cube. Did you know that?
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love Paper Towns. It was written by John Green and is an adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think he was a great writer. But, I'm not sure if he was in that, but I do know he was also a teacher!
That came out in 2008 and is in the Speculative Genre.
Max Brooks is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like his movies?
2013! That was the same year White Squall came out.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? He starred in that.
If you like X-Men you might like The Proposal.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes I do! My favorite book is Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban. Would you like to read it?
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Phantom of the Opera and The Hobbit: The Fifth Elephant are similar movies.
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endears. He also wrote the Wonder Boys.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is an Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jim Carrey.
Happy to help
Your welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes I have and he also wrote Space Jam, have you seen it?
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming great author.
If you like Daniel Craig, you might want to check out Men in Black 3. It is a great spy film.
Yes, it is a comedy/crime film.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team
Yes, the team is coached by Ryan Giggs and Jamie Fox. Are you a soccer fan?
You're welcome, have a good day.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and Diario de um Mago.
Yes, onze minutos. Onze minutos was released in 2000
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile. Have you seen any of these?
I am not sure about that, but I know she starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany national football team.
I know they are a team in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I like to watch both NFL and Football. What about you?
Yes, the Redskins is my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Winter of the World.
The Last Samurai starred Tom Cruise, Takashi Shimura, and Jenna Boyd among others. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Pink Panther. Are you familiar with him?
He was also in a movie called There's Something About Mary. Have you seen it?
Of course! Other movies in that genre include The Return of the King, The Mad Ship, and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB but since he left I am lukewarm about them. How about you?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie! Did Ned Beatty play in it?
Yes, I have! I liked her in Jerry Maguire, too.
I'm also into Thrillers. I'll add that to my watch list.
Do you like War films? He directed Battleship. Or you might like The Kingdom. That's a thriller!
It is a War Film and Animation. Do you like that kind of movie?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R.J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter and Wonder. Are you familiar with these?
Yes that is correct
There are many greats coming out that year, including Winter's Tale and The Dark Knight
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Happy Gilmore which is a romance film.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. She also wrote The Princess Bride. Have you read it?
It's a romantic novel.
It was written in 1850
Absolutely! Some books in the genre young adult genre are The Fault in Our Stars and Wildwood Dancing. Have you heard of those?
Persuasion is an American novel written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Persuasion is influenced by Jane Austen, would you like to hear more about Jane Austen?
If you liked romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the Thriller or the Fantasy genre?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and was released in 1996.
Tower Heist is a comedy and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Tolstoys War, English, and The Invisible Man are some of his works. Are you interested in any of these?
No problem, I am glad to help.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him?
Oh yeah! He is such a great actor! He was also in Troy which starred Orlando Bloom.
Are you a fan of the author, Kim Edwards?
She wrote The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
My favorite is What My Mother Doesn't Know. Do you like Fiction?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen those?
Sean Connery and Lorraine Toussaint star in the Nanny Diaries.
I don't have that information at hand but I do know that it was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Do you like his work?
Yes. The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Not alot, I do know that he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a fan. I have watched a match from time to time.
Yes he has competed in the 2012 Olympics, but I don't know what sport he plays.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the table is a science fiction book that was released in 2011. It includes the genre of children's literature, sci-fi, family, animation and adventure.
You're not sure about that. There is a sequel for A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
Which genre are you looking for?
It's a romantic comedy. Are you interested in those types of movies?
I do not have that information right now.
Do you like Horror movies? Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series.
Yes we do, Wes Craven starred in Wreck-It Ralph with Rory Culkin.
Harris Yulin starred in My Soul to Take. He also starred in Scream 4 which is a Horror film.
Glad I could help!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1961. I highly recommend it.
I am not sure of her but it is interesting to know that Anne Rice was influenced by William Shakespeare
Sure, have you heard of The Absolute Sandman, or The Absolute Sandman: Endless Nights?
There are so many great children's literature that you may enjoy, The Golden Compass and The Graveyard Book.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Giver. Do either of those interest you?
'The Giver' is a Speculative fiction piece.  1.  1 is actually in English.
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and Source Code. Have you seen any of these?
Moon starred Gary Oldman, Kelsey Grammer, and Jennifer Lawrence.
Moon is a sci-fi thriller. It's a great movie.
Yes I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope the Patriots will make it to the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Seahawks?
I've seen a live game live in person, but I had no idea. Do you like Pete Carroll?
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
George A. Romero
He also directed A Good Day to Die, which is starring Kyla Pratt
The Bourne Legacy is an amazing movie. I have seen it starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like it?
I haven't seen this one but i know it's directed by Chris Hemsworth, who is good.
I am going to add to my watch list. Thanks for the info!
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, Back Again was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
Snow White and the Huntsman was adapted from a TV series by John Lee Hancock. Do you like his movies?
It starred Virginia Madsen. Would you like to know more about it?
He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Absolutely. Enjoy!
It comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. The Lightning Thief: The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse are all I have by Riordan.
It's a Historical period drama, similar to The Titan's Curse, which is also a fantasy book.
Glad I could help!
She starred in a movie called Harsh Times, which was a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Truth About Forever, and The Importance of Being Earnest are some of her works. Have you read any of these?
That's a great one! It stars Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. Are you familiar with them?
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
There is a movie similar to To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises which is written by Ernest Hemingway.
Absolutely! Enjoy and have a great day.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Do you like this actor?
Deadpool has genre Romance
He is a Writer
Yes, I think he is a guy like Lebron James, right?
Yes he was a part of the United States of America.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Other books in the genre young-adult fiction are; Elixir. Divergent, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre Young-adult fiction, is that what you are looking for?
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction, which is also in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Sure, it was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns.
Enjoy!
He starred in Whatever Works and Your Highness. Have you seen those?
Whatever It Takes is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010. It's an Action/Adventure Film.
It was released in 2010.
You are welcome!
I know she wrote The Kitchen God's Wife and The Joy Luck Club. Both are great books.
The Joy Luck Club is a fiction novel. The Joy Luck Club is a movie too.
That is correct! Have you read Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte?
Yes, he starred in The Three Musketeers. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in It.
I'm not sure about that, but if you like horror films I'm sure you will like Farrah Fawcett.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed the movie Wreck-it Ralph.
Hugh Jackman and Gene Tierney both starred in it.
I believe it's a romantic comedy. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to hear other books written by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen has written many great books, including Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint It Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander was a book that was released in 1999 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a book that was turned into a movie.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a great Indie film starring Yojimbo
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorite comedies, have you seen Akira Kurosawa?
Seven Samurai starred in Seven Samurai, which is an action film you might like.
I'll send it to you now.
That was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes it was released the same year as The Invisible Man.
What else can I do for you today?
Looks like he did not write anything else i can answer
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You like that one?
Shane has starred in many movies, including The Lawnmower Man and The World's End
Your welcome enjoy
Have you read Where There's Smoke?
There's The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Yes! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Do you like his work?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, have you read that one?
Yes he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1843. It's a great read.
That's right! Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Enjoy!
He is a basketball player who is from Oklahoma and plays point guard. Are you a fan of basketball?
Not a big fan
My favorite sport to watch is Basketball
I haven't seen them play this season but I've heard it's quite good.
I have not seen it but I know it stared Daniel Craig as a musician and a musician.
Sure, he also directed Apocalypse Now, which was written by him. Have you seen it?
No, Hellboy is more comic movies. If you liked Hellboy, you might also like The War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living. Do you enjoy children's literature?
I am not sure, but I can tell you We Are the Living was released 1957
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote If I Stay.
You can try When You Reach Me or What My Mother Doesn't Know.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the books!
I am glad to help.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda which is a action film and was released in 2010.
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in this film as well! Do you like his acting?
He's a great actor! He starred in The Last Dragon, The Handmaid's Tale, and The Other Boleyn Girl just to name a few.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
The author James Patterson wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you interested in this genre?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it is. Other fiction books you might enjoy are; The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big basketball fan. I do know that the team is located in Oakland, California.
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan. What sports do you like?
I like football but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think?
Yes, I know he is an athlete and plays Cricket. Are you a fan of Cricket?
Yes. He plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes. He starred in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas which is a tragicomedy. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 2006 and is a children's literature
It was originally published in 1866. It's still in the genre of children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, and Sandra Bullock both starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 1999
No problem!
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
Have you seen The Hunger Games or The Giver?
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2009.
Yes, she also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them. Do you know which one is your favorite?
If I Never See Your Face I don't think he does his voice. But he does a great job on the Voice.
I don't see any information on that show but I do know he is married to Sean Penn.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like her work?
How about A Piece of the World? Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline.
Glad to help!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
Keanu Reeves starred in Kevin Spacey.
I believe it's a drama.
You are welcome.
Yes. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future. Have you seen it?
Yes I can. There's What to Expect When You're Expecting and The Mask. Have you seen those?
Do you like Allegiant?
Yes, he did. Kevin Zegers also starred in The Mortal Instruments.
Yes, I love her! She also starred in a ton of movies as well.
Yes, Zodiac is a thriller, so you might like it.
Sure, added to your playlist.
I love Russel Wilson's work! He starred in Zoolander. I loved that movie.
Yes he does. It's a great team.
Not at all. But I like Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed Unaccustomed Earth and The Nightingale. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Ponyo stars Talia Shire and Ashley Judd. Do you like those actors?
Princess Mononoke was released in 2006 and was directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Godfather
I love Unsolved mysteries, I think you should give The Last Colon a try. It's in the same genre as The Bourne Identity.
I'm sure you have a great time to watch!
I'm not sure, but it's a thriller with a lot of action. I think you should give it a try!
Of course! Thanks for the info!
I am a fan of him, but I don't know a lot about him. Who does he play for?
If I'm not a college football fan, I don't know much about him. But I do know that he's married to Coleen Brees.
If you haven't missed those two games, you should check out the rest of your day.
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
A couple of his movies are The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen them?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, you are right. It is a action movie. I am sure you will like it.
I will do that right away! Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in it. It was also produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Gary Oldman, who is a great actor. Have you seen this movie?
Nicole Kidman starred in this movie along with Cory Hardrict.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It's a Warbreaker. If you liked Warbreaker you may also like The Pillars of the Earth.
It was released in 2005, would you like me to add this to your reading list?
You're welcome!
Do you like movies starring Nathan Lane?
I recommend The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you watched that one yet?
I don't have that information right now. But i can recommend a Disney movie if you like.
Ender's Game is part of a series. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, he wrote The Gate Thief and Xenocide. Have you read those?
It is a good one. You may also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is a very good one.
Great, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you familiar with this one?
He did star in the movie The Avengers
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that one?
He was in the Star Wars film The Force Awakens with Harrison Ford. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an amazing movie. Do you like Tom Hanks?
At the moment i do not have any information on any other movies
your welcome
That's a great movie! It was written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of his work?
He also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's right. The Black Cat is a great movie. I highly recommend it.
Yes. I love her. Did you know she also starred in A Christmas Carol?
Sure, enjoy the movie!
The only thing I really know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
John Madden was actuallydrafted to the Philadelphia Eagles. I did not know that.
I didn't know that. I do know that he was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
That is correct. The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction.
Yes, it is considered children's literature, as well as speculative fiction.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They played the New England Patriots. Are you a fan of them?
Looks like they have a lot of great players. One of my favorite teams is the Dallas Cowboys though.
Some of his top films are The Tree of Life, The Wizard of Oz, and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Have you seen Troy or Night of the Living Dead? Both are historical fiction films.
Sure! United 93 stars Susan Sarandon and Michelle Pfeiffer. I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, I will add it now. Enjoy!
I really liked Return of the Jedi because it was an excellent movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Another good sci-fi movie is Tomorrowland. Have you seen that yet?
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron, Zombieland, and Charlie Hunnam. Do you know any of these actors?
Of course! She starred in a lot of movies.
Yes I have seen 50/50. It's a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes he was. If you like Joseph Gordon-Levitt I think you will enjoy this movie.
Zoey Deutch and Nat Faxon both starred in this show.
Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, it does. The Last Song is a psychological thriller novel that was published in Nicholas Sparks.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I love Wildcats! And Rudy was funny too. I loved him in the movie True Grit.
Yes, I like Couples Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was also released in 1979 and the Transformers was a great series. Have you seen the other movies released that year?
Tommy Lee Jones also stars in the sci-fi movie Avatar. Have you seen it?
Yes he was. Dante's Peak is a sci-fi movie.
Enjoy!
I do, I enjoyed The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination, have you seen them?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Then you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
The Voyage Home stars Kenny Baker and Hugh Jackman. Would you like to hear more about The Voyage Home?
You are welcome. Glad i could help.
You're welcome
The Golden Compass is a good one that I highly recommend.
If you like Thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome.
Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national football team, but I don't follow international football.
That's a great sport to watch. Do you have a favorite sport?
Sure! He was married to Serena Williams. I love her!
I don't really know much but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a member of the Chicago Bears.
I think so, the current coach is Steve Kerr.
Memento is a thriller starring Michael Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine. Would you like to know more about any of these actors?
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transcendence and The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like these movies?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of fantasy genre films?
You may also like Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
Great. Glad I could help.
He's the shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
Sure. I don't really follow basketball, but I know he is a good player.
Yes, you are right, I like the L.A. Lakers how about you?
Sure! That was a great movie, written by George Lucas. Are you interested in other movies by George Lucas?
Yes he starred in Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
There's The Legend of Tarzan, the War of the Worlds
your welcome
Crescendo is a romance novel written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like romance novels?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
Yes, I highly recommend Silence if you really like it.
Sure The Maze Runner is a thriller and The Maze Runner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Scorch Trails is a young adult fiction book in the Speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Absolutely! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote Mostly Harmless and starred in Drama. What genre are you looking for?
Perhaps you would like The Making of Star Wars, It's a Science Fiction movie. It's a great movie.
Then I would definitely recommend The Third Policeman, which is a highly recommended movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Oprah Winfrey
He also starred in Shaun of the Dead, a Crime Fiction Film
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who is also a Romance Novel. Do you like romance?
Yes, it was Message in a Bottle was written by Nicholas Sparks. I am going to add to my read list!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Rick Riordan wrote the Message in the BFG, which was published in 2001.
Yes, it was written by Terry Pratchett.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It's an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
It's a book that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Thirteen Moons.
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible. Do you like dramas?
He also wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
You're quite welcome!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They're not as good as they come in a Super Bowl XLVIII.
They seem to have a good team, but they have a decent coach, John Fox. Do you have a favorite quarterback this year?
I don't know a lot about Lolita but I do know that he is a romance novel. Do you know who wrote The Other Boleyn Girl?
It is a thriller that was released in 1977 and is an epic fiction novel.
I do too. Enjoy
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, I have heard of him. Did you know he is dating Cameron Diaz?
Yes, she and Justin Biel also starred together in Reality Bites and The Social Network.
Yes, it's one of my favorite comedy's.
They were written by John Tiffany
She wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm. Have you read any of these?
The Silkworm was released in 2014 and is in the genre fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Of course! Other books in that genre include The Looking Glass Wars, Frank Beddor, and The Golden Compass.
Sure, it was released in 1998, which was the same year that Bird Sing was released.
It was written by John Tiffany
I don't know any books that she wrote. Are there any other books that she wrote?
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it is in English.
I'm not sure, but it is in English.
Sure, I think it was written in English.
No problem. Glad I could help.
Yes, Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he plays for the France national football team
Who is your favorite team?
No I haven't seen that show but I heard of it. Who is your favorite actor?
I don't watch any American shows but I do enjoy TV shows like High School Musical and Camp Rock
Yes, I've heard of those!
Inception is starring Tom Berenger and Christopher Nolan
Yes, she starred in that movie along with Anne-Marie Duff.
Enigma was an indie film that was released in 2015.
Added to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Absolutely! He also directed the hit movie This is Spinal Tap. Have you heard of it?
I don't have information on those movies he produced but I can tell you he also wrote The Wrestler which is a Romance and Drama.
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet. Have you read any of those?
They both seem to be fiction. I am not sure of the release date.
You are welcome.
I like the movie Spring Breakers and some of her songs, how about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
It's a really good one. I think I'll watch it.
Michael Parks was in a lot of action movies, would you like to know about similar actors?
They did not win but they did win the World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It would be Boston Red Sox, but my favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Im not sure. But he lost to Roger Federer who was in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
That is true. He had a good career. He was the winner of the 2005 PGA Championship.
Yes, The Hurt Locker is starring Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did. Thor starred Evangeline Lilly, have you seen it?
Sure! The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is a drama starring Evangeline Lilly and is a thriller
Of course, can I help you with anything else?
I know that the Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill. They are part of the NFC West.
they moved to Arizona from New York.
Yes I do like college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for the Argentina national football team, but I do know he's also a forward
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are other than Manchester United F.C. who are good?
I really enjoy American football. My favorite is American Football. What about you?
I believe it is written in 1985 and is a romance novel.
Some other books written by Debora Smith are Impossible Pursuit of Happyness, have you read this one yet?
Yes, it is written in English and is also written in English.
Sure. Along Came a Spider was written by James Dashner. Do you like his books?
Yes, it is a thriller and a romance novel. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by James Dashner. It's in the genre of Thriller and was released in 2012.
No problem, I am here for you.
Atonement is a great movie. It was written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton.
Sure, have you heard of Under the Tuscan Sun? It's one of my favorites.
If you liked that one then you might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That is a great tragedy.
I sure do! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Ok, if you like that one, you would really like The Return of the Jedi or The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Chris Hemsworth, and Tony Goldwyn.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! This was written by Lisa See and it was released in 2005. Have you read it?
It's considered a Romance Novel.
It sure is! Have you heard of other classics by the same author, George R.R. Martin?
I do, I know that Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player, who plays badminton. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, she was. The London 2012 Summer Olympics had athletes from all over. Sue Bird, Stan Wawrinka.
That's correct. I think that was written by William Shakespeare.
If you like Romeo and Juliet, I think you'll really enjoy his work.
Yes. She starred in the play The Tragedy of King Richard II.
Certainly! Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to hear other books by her?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he is a great singer and actress. Have you seen any movies that he starred in?
I think she is a great actress. Did you know she is also a musician?
You should check out The Incredible Hulk or The Muppets then.
The Aviator is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thrillers?
Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, and Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator.
He's a great actor. He also starred in Antz which is a romantic comedy. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok. Enjoy!
He starred in Green Zone which is a thriller he also directed.
Yes, she starred in it as well. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely, would you like to send it now?
Yes. He is a golfer from England. Are you a fan of golf?
yes i love golf. do you like any other sport?
no problem. do you like any other sports?
i love football and baseball. what about you?
Agreed. I have never been to a professional boxing game.
i am a Dallas Cowboys fan. do you like tennis?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
the current head coach is Mike Shanahan.
Who owns the Patriots team, but they are in the NFC East, right?
Yes! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It is an autobiographical novel by Marion Wiesel as well. It was released in 1958.
The Man in Havana is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. He also starred in Chasing Amy, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes. William Scott starred in that and also he starred in No Country for Old Men.
You're welcome.
Yes. Some of the members include Chris Martin and Justin Timberlake. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
I don't know any idea. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
That is correct. Along with Tom Brady, one of my favorite players of all time. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that! Speaking of the Patriots, who isn't in the American Football Hall of Fame.
Oh wow, thanks for the info!
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda. He also directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seend that?
That is an interesting fact. He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
That movie is listed as a drama, comedy, and adventure film.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2010. It has genres drama and biography.
She has a record of many professions. The Magical Mystery, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
You are welcome.
Will Grayson wrote it. Do you like sci-fi?
He has also starred in The Wolverine which is a science fiction film
Not sure, but The Proposal is a Sci-Fi movie. I think you might like it.
It is a romantic comedy. Is there anything else you would like to know about it?
The Proposal is a romance film and stars Sandra Bullock.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Do you like movies by Tim Burton?
How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
The Incredibles is starring Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille too. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was released in 2011 and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, though. Would you like to know more about The Incredibles?
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I'm not a big fan, I like Cricket. What about you?
Not a big NFL fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big sports fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. They have a lot of good players.
I do. Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Do you like her?
Yeah, I like her, she is very talented. I also like her song Love Story. Do you?
Yes, I believe she is a very talented singer. I enjoy listening to country music, too.
I like heavy metal and rock as well. How about you?
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was produced by Bruce Willis.
Shooter is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
For thrillers, I can recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Sure, Rum Diary Stars in the Thriller The Rum Diary is starring Ryan Reynolds, Tammy Blanchard and Christian Bale
Glad I could help!
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
That's true. Do you have a favorite player from Dallas?
I haven't watched many golf though. My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you like Basketball?
Serenity is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome. Sending it to you now.
You're welcome.
It's a good one. It's both Thriller and Science Fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron. Do you like movies starring Quinton Aaron?
Yes, Maroon 5 is a member of many people. Would you like to hear some of them?
I like their song Almost every year. What do you think of them?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan of his. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
Are you a fan of Thrillers?
That's awesome I'll have to watch it again.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this year?
I like Manuel Pellegrini, too! He's a very talented man.
Shrek is a drama starring Mike Myers and Rupert Everett. Do you like animation films?
Yes, have you seen The Usual Suspects or Dodgeballs?
Rob Huegel and Jeff Garlin are in this movie as well.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Wild Life and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
The Wild Life starred Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It is a historical drama film.
Lea Thompson is the main character in the Wild Life.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
She also wrote The Blood and The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Hush hush is a fantasy book. Have you read it?
You're welcome
I am not sure who directed it, but it was written by Nick Cassavetes
He's done a lot in movies such as X-Men, X-Men, and True Grit.
It starred Hugh Jackman, Kyla Pratt, and Zoe Kravitz.
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a crime fiction film starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
It is a drama/fantasy film that was released in 1999.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action movies?
Any time! Enjoy!
Would you like to hear about other movies starring Taylor Swift?
Ride Along has the genre comedy, Thriller. Are you looking for a particular actor?
You are welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a great one.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
If you like that one you might enjoy. She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Vince Flynn. It's also a children's book.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Memento.
The Passage was released in 2009.
No problem!
She wrote Mansfield Park, have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a genre Historical period drama and a biography. Do you like history?
Yes, would you like to know about any other romance novels?
Yes, that's right. Would you like to know more about her?
Occasionally. Have you seen the Orient Express?
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
These books fall into the Speculative fiction genre. X-Men Apocalypse Now is really good.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure! It was released in French and is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
I do! He starred in We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby which are two of my favorites.
Yes, you are right. I know he is a singer/songwriter from Leesburg. Do you know his movies?
He's with Warner Music Group and won an MTV Video Music Award for best male video.
Marlon Brando starred in a lot of movies. He was in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
Viva Zapata was in a lot of movies, including The White Countes and The Wild One. Have you seen any of those?
I'd like to watch Young Lions. It's a drama, but I haven't seen it. It's very good.
Yes, I am a huge fan of him! Do you know who he plays for?
Yes I am a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, and he also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes he did. LeBron also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
I'm not sure, but Mervyn Peake is influenced by Vladimir Nabokov.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what else he wrote.
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Scarlett Johansson starred in Machine Gun Gun McCain and the Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she was, as well as the romantic comedy The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie.
your welcome enjoy!
Drinking Dawn is a good one. It is written by Dr. Seuss.
It is a romantic comedy starring Tim Robbins. Are you interested in that movie?
I know that he starred in The Breakfast at Tiffany's and The Princess Diaries.
Ok. Sending it to you now.
I think you would like it. It's a good movie with the same actor.
Do you like The Dark Night because of the genre of Superhero or Crime Fiction?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
True Grit and The Eyes of Minds are two great adventure movies.
i do not have that information but i can tell you it is a fantasy movie.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It came out in 2003. The Blue Castle was released in the year 2013.
The Rainmaker was also released in 1926. Have you seen it?
Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one too.
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is a good movie.
It has a great cast including John Travolta and Joel David Moore, but I don't know who the stars.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes he did and it was directed by Peter Jackson. Would you like to hear more about him?
I do not have that information right now. How about The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard any of those?
Yes, I like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Young Jeezy Yolanda, What My Mother Doesn't Know, that one?
Yes, he is very talented. I like his music as well.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
I believe it's a drama
great hope you have a great night
you're welcome have a great day
It was a great movie, do you like it because it's a family movie?
It came out in 2009
yes. Ray Romano also starred in 8 Mile and Beautiful Creatures.
You are most welcome.
I don't know if Paul Pogba is a football player from Philadelphia. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes that is true, do you know if that is true?
Yes that is true. What is your favorite team?
I heard that Ryan Griggs is a great coach. I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a musician!
He is a good athlete! He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
It's a drama/mystery film. Would you like to watch it?
I'm not sure if he directed that but I do know that Spke Lee also directed The Evil Dead.
Sure, do you like the author Sue Monk Kidd, or do you like that genre?
My apologies, I don't have that information right now but I do know that Sandra Bullock is one of my favorite authors!
Yes, he is from the United States.
Are you a fan of Thrillers?
It's a Historical novel and a historical fiction. Are you interested in those?
Sure, Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a Science Fiction.
You're welcome.
I love her music! She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
That is correct. I believe so. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Tommy Chong starred in it as a voice actor. I haven't seen any of his movies.
That was a good book. Do you like it because of the genre or the author?
A good one for you would be Dead to the World. It's in the same genre as Dead to the World.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like action movies?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. Do you like adventure movies?
Stars include Xander Berkerley, Roger Gallagher, and Roger Allam
It is a good movie. Please enjoy
I don't follow football much but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer.
Oh, I didn't know that. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Yes, the Steelers were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, I like that movie, it was written by Kevin Spacey, who also wrote The Unusual Suspects.
I like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Yes, I like that movie. It is a thriller.
I do like hip hop. Did you know he also starred in Truman?
I like rock as well. My favorite is Mythology. What is yours?
If you like Romantic Comedy you should check out Out of the Dust.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you are right. I can check that out.
You are welcome
From what I can tell TRON Legacy is an action film, starring Cameron Diaz. Are you a fan of his?
Olivia Wilde also stars in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Oliver Platt also starred in Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska
Not a problem
He wrote Teacher Man
It's basketball. Do you like basketball? If you like basketball, you might be interested in a movie called Kick-Ass.
I'm sure there's a lot of fun to go with. I'm a Red Sox fan.
No problem!
I have a recommendation: Rich or Die Tryin'
He also starred in Magic Mike. Have you seen that?
It came out in 2015
Your welcome.
Yes, it is a great one. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by Oz, would you like to know more about it?
Yes she has a great voice. Did you know she writes her songs?
Yes, she did a great job. She also starred in Thick as Thieves. Have you seen that one?
Yes she is, did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist?
I don't know that information right now. I know it was released in the year 2014
Yes, I love it. Is there anything else I can help with?
That came out in 2006 and was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like her movies?
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
He plays football. He plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes I am. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
He plays Midfielder, and he is also a forward
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like that genre?
Some popular fantasy would be Terminator Salvation and The Golden Compass. Have you seen any of these?
Any other in that genre you would like to hear about?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it yet?
It stars Rodger Bumpass and Roscoe Lee Browne. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
Vivica A. Fox and Kill Bill Vol 2. Have you seen them?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2001 and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not showing any other actors in the film, but I do know that The Sky Crawlers was directed by David Ayer.
I am not showing any other actors in the movie, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War starred Jim Carrey and Tammy Blanchard.
Sure. You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
There is The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor, and The Golden Compass by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't heard much of her music. But I do know that she is a very talented singer. Do you know if that is true?
I haven't heard of it, but I like Electronic Dance Music a lot. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know she is from California. I love her music. Did you know she is from Compton?
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like to hear more about those?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Geraldine Chapman and Emile Zola.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred William H. Macy, which is a comedy.
I don't know a whole lot, but I know Steve Jobs was born in Nashville and is in the United States of America. Do you enjoy his books?
He was in the movie The Green Mile, which is a really good movie.
It's a Drama/Comedy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He's been in quite a few films including True Grit and The Tiger Who Came to Tea, which is a comedy.
The art of The art of The Art of the Time is a good movie.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary. Have you read either?
The Ugly Truth is an interesting book. He also wrote Requiem for A Dream
Went Hollywood was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball except that he's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls. Do you like basketball?
I don't know if I'm familiar with the basketball guy, but I know he is from Chicago. I don't know if I'm unfamiliar with him.
I'm glad I was able to help. I didn't know that!
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
Do you know if that is their home team?
I like the Red Sox. Who are your favorite teams?
He is a good soccer player, he plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree! Have you been to Mexico?
Oh, that's really cool. I'll watch it now. Thanks for the information!
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you ever seen them?
It's a drama/thriller. You should definitely see The Mummy Returns if you like this genre.
If you like Fantasy you might also like The Scorpion King or The Mask of Zorro.
It's a fantasy, but I'm not sure if it's the fantasy thing.
Sure, I'm glad to help!
Trainspotting is an English movie, it was released in 1996. Do you want something based on its genre?
You may enjoy The House of Mirth, which is an Indie Film. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! I think you'd enjoy it. Have you tried The Longest Daycare or The House at the End?
I don't like it, but I do know it's a part of a series of movies. Would you like to hear more about that movie?
You might also enjoy the X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or World War Z.
Pound of Flesh stars Tom Cruise, John Ratzenberger, and Bill Murray.
You're welcome.
Sure can! He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed among others.
I would recommend X-Men Apocalypse, Wyrd Sisters, or Wicked Lovely.
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend some other young adult fiction like The Witched Lovely.
Wicked Lovely is a part of a series. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this novel?
It's a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a romance. If you haven't read For Whom the Bell Tolls.
Can I help you with anything else?
They are ok, I know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
Not too much. I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. They play in the NFC East, but I believe they're a good team.
The wife's name is Maria Sharapova. Do you know her?
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
It stared Nathalie Scott, Scott Bakula, and Emily Bronte.
Yes. It was directed by Peter Craig.
Good luck
Not that I am aware of but I can tell you WALL-E is a Thriller. You might also like the movie A Bug's Life.
have you seen A Bug's Life?
it is a war movie starring the popular actors of this time, have you ever seen it?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he wrote The Goonies, starring Michael Stahl-David.
Not a big fan of her but I do know that Katy Perry starred in a lot of movies. I think she's a great artist. Do you like him?
No, I did not. Did you see that one? It starred Jim Carrey.
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of Russel Brand.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like his movies! Did you know he also starred in Wreck-It Ralph?
Yes, that was a great movie! If you like Sci-Fi you might also like The Last Templar.
I do! It starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Are you a fan of either?
Perhaps you would like Romeo and Juliet, starring Holly Hunter
I do recommend The Guardians of the Galaxy, one of my favorite movies.
My pleasure, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia which is also in the Fantasy genre.
The Wolverine is the lead in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. The Road to El Dorado is starring Jack Nicholson.
It was co-authored by Thomas E. Connolly. You might also like The Scarlet Letter.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Definitely, Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was. He's a writer and an actor. He starred in it as well.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like the starring Roald Dahl?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all fantasy.
That was a good book. Other books in the Fantasy genre include The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
Hope you enjoy!
Yes he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 1987 and is an adventure/fantasy genre
Great! Enjoy.
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like it because of the author? She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, it was released in 2014 and is in English. Have you seen it?
Sure, you might like The Assassin's Blade or The Avengers. Do either of those interest you?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it, but he also wrote The Hurt Locker and The Hurt Locker.
She also starred in a thriller called The Hurt Locker which was a thriller.
He is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
He plays for the Colombia national football team, but I don't know much more about him.
Ah, yes she is from Columbia isn't she?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Which sport do you like?
They are a professional american football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I'm not a huge fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching a match from time to time. How about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, I remember that! It was such a great sport.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Would you like to hear more about these books?
The Mists of Avalon is another good one by Stephen R. Covey. Have you read this?
The Mists of Avalon was also released in 1989 as well
thank you
It was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes the Choocolate Factory is a family movie and the genre is drama. Do you like family movies?
Oh yes, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
He was great in all of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, but he was also in the sequel The Rum Diary with Amber Heard.
Yes I do. That was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Manchurian Candidate directed by Milo Forman is a great one!
Yes, Prefontaine is a great film! Would you like me to recommend other historical period dramas?
I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, or The Manchurian Candidate, both of those.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do! She wrote Winter's Tale, which is one of my favorites.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
That is true. Did you know that Tambourine McPhee was a musician?
Yes, he is also a part of The Velvet Underground
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
Yes, and he also won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award
Yes, I believe so.
The Island was directed by Michael Bay, who also directed The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
The War of the Worlds is a sci-fi movie that you might enjoy.
Tom Hardy and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it. I think you would like it. It's a thriller like that one.
Glad to be of help
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
What else can I do for you?
The movie is based on the true story of Christian Bale's former president of the United States of America's First Lady
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Rick Riordan
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are similar
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C. and he is a forward
Yes. American football is a great sport and is a great sport. Do you like football?
Yes, the Dallas Cowboys are great. How about you?
He wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger. Have you read it yet?
yes it was in English.
What else can I do for you today?
Thank you for the information
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like Basketball. What about you?
I don't watch much basketball but I do know that they are in the United States of America and they are coached by Steve Kerr.
He wrote Candide. Do you like that author?
I don't have that information at the moment but I do know that it was released in 1726.
You might like The Christmas Blessing or The House of the Seven Gables. Both are musicals.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, The House at Pooh Corner and The Tao of Pooh.
He also wrote When We Were Very Young. Have you read that one?
You are very welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder and is from England. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for the Germany national football team.
That's where the New York Yankees plays.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe he plays for FC Barcelona, are you a fan of him?
I like football but my favorite team is the Lakers. Do you like football?
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction would be considered a Drama.
John Travolta is in Cloverfield. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Enjoy!
Yes, he is a player on the Spain national football team
It is a mystery novel. Do you like those types of books?
Most recently, he wrote The Last Templar
I'm not sure.
If you haven't read Spanish, you may want to check out El principe del patriarca.
You're welcome
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
They have a good record. The Mets haven't won a World Series since 2003. Are they your favorite team?
Yes. The Mets are one of the most popular teams in the American League East.
I am not much of a basketball fan. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. Are you a fan?
He was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks, would you like to know more?
No, I like him. What is your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I like her. She wrote The Princess Diaries which is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote a lot of children's literature, including Wuthering Heights and Winnie-the Pooh.
Oh that's great to read. I haven't seen it yet. Is that a movie you'd like?
Yes he does, do you like speculative fictions?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
He was an author who was influenced by Dante Alighieri and George A. Romero.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891 and was also considered a children's literature.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence starred in She Hate Me.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Little Women.
Yes, I believe so.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I believe he was from Ireland. Ireland is such a great place to visit. Have you been there?
That's right, I think you'd like it. I'm more of an American Football fan.
Sure, have you seen Gone Baby Gone or The Legend of Hercules?
It is an action movie. You might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
So sorry, I don't have any other action you are looking for. Can I help with anything else?
Great. Have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
The Neon Demon stars in a thriller called Shark Night. That is a thriller.
The Neon Demon stars in the sci-fi genre. Are you into sci-fi?
Sure! It is one of my favorites that I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I do! She sang a thousand years for the movie Twilight. Are any of her songs very famous?
Yes, he's a very talented man. Do you know any other songs from her?
I like a lot of friends as Taylor Swift, but I like the songs he does a lot.
HG Wells was released in 1969, so I'm not sure.
Sure thing. I know it was written by Diana Gabaldon and published in 1992. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Fiery Cross is a piece of speculative fiction by Canadian Idol. Are you interested in that genre?
Sure! He also wrote A Walk to Remember and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read either of these?
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you seen those?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II?
Old School is a comedy. Enjoy.
Sure! He is a great player. I can't remember when he was playing for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like that sport?
Yes it is a great movie. It was written by Luc Besson
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. It was adapted into a film starring Laurence Fishburne. Are you a fan of her?
Yes, she did. You should definitely check it out.
You're welcome!
I would recommend Il Principe, released in 1513, have you read it?
I am not sure but I know it was written in English
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
You're welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
Up was written by Pete Docter and was released in 2010. It starred Jim Carrey.
I don't know any other books written by him. But I can tell you she also wrote The New York Trilogy.
It is a drama, do you like watching these types of movies?
I would recommend World War Z with Brad Pitt if you like family movies.
You are welcome.
Steve Kerr is one of them. Do you like him?
The coach is Steve Kerr
He was the point guard for the Houston Rockets.
Yes, I like Renaldo Balkman as well
The Gunslinger is a great book! It was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
The film was released in 2008. Are you looking for something like The Gunslinger?
You're welcome.
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton. Do you like thrillers?
That movie has the genre Thriller, Sci-Fi, Thriller.
Fight Club is starring Robert Downey Jr and Jason Statham
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not familiar with Randy Lerner. What do you think of him?
I was not a big fan of the Browns. I did know their home venue is at the AT&T Stadium when it first opened.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't have that information right now but he was also a teacher in Queen
This book is in the genre of Science Fiction
Yes he also wrote The Wool Cap
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote In the Heat of the Night and The Fountains of Paradise.
You are welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi movie as well as Action movie. Do you like those kind of movie
Predator was written by John Scalzi and is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like those kind of movies?
Great ! It is also a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie starring Veronica Roth and was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I can tell you it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Do you like Drama genre?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is
OK. Enjoy your reading!
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Are you looking for any other movies starring Topher Grace?
Yes, she is! She was also in The Dress Maker which is a comedy.
Yes! She was! She also starred in Toy Story 3.
William Hurt was in a lot of movies such as The Ruby in the Smoke and The Way of Zen.
He is a great actor! He starred in Finding Nemo as well as The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! He starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! Speculative fiction is a good one.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. You might also like the Avengers.
Yes, Unbreakable is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like football, what's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, who's yours?
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan of them?
Did you know they won the XXXVIII?
Did you know they won the Super Bowl this year?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction piece. Is that what you are looking for?
If you like Outlander you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Other great sci-fi flicks are The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Handmaid's Tale, and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and was released in 1960. Do you like the genre fiction?
That is a great book. The next in the series is Harper Lee. Have you read it?
Then I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. It's in the genre of Drama as well
You're welcome
They are a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
Well, I know that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal, but that's it. What sport do you like?
He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Sure, One for the Money has genres thriller, crime fiction, speculative fiction, a romance novel. Do you like this genre?
Sure, Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot. It's in the Romance genre. Do you like Romance?
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight. Do you like her books?
Yes, it is written by Stephenie Meyer and there is a movie called Twilight
You are welcome!
Inside Out was written by Spike Jonze. It's a Thriller and starring Denzel Washington.
Well, she also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in it with Amy Poehler.
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very good!
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Great!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Do you like her movies?
Yes. She starred in a television show called There's a Wocket in My Pocket which is a sitcom. Have you seen it?
She sure has starred in There's Something About Mary, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen these?
He directed A Beautiful Mind which is a really good movie.
He also directed Something Wicked This Way Comes which is a drama.
Well, it appears that he directed it, right?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Are you a fan of Brad Pitt? If so I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Charlize Theron. She also starred in The Silkworm.
Yes, he did write the Box starring Ian McKellen. Would you like to know more about it?
The Box is considered a thriller. Can I help you with anything else?
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Throne of Fire and Queen of Shadows are historical fiction genres.
There's The Golden Compass and The Fall if you want
Do you like thrillers? If so Zero Dark Thirty, X-Men Apocalypse or The Usual Suspects are all great.
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. If you like that genre, you might also like The Policeman or The Devil's Advocate.
Anytime. Enjoy!
She wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
It is. Do you like movies with James Cameron in them?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Sure! Do you like The Proposal because it's a thriller?
If you like Sandra Bullock, you might also like Catch-22. It's a great movie to watch.
All About Steve is a drama, comedy, and action film.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes I love Paper Towns. I think it was written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
Some of his notable works are The Fault in Our Stars and Looking for Alaska. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure but I believe it is a drama.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Outlander is a series of books. There are a few Outlanders as well as Outlander. Which are you interested in?
It was released in 2014.
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, would you like me to add to my True Love to Me to me?
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories is a Comedy/Adventure Film
Your welcome !
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He's also in Rear Window which is a biography. Have you seen it?
There's Wreck-it Ralph, written by John C.Reilly. He also directed it.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right? I'm a big fan of tennis.
I like both Venus and Venus better. Did you see her in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in The Shining and The Mask. Have you seen those?
Sure, some of the actors in Night Watchmen are Eddie Redmayne, Stephen Norton and Stephen McEwan. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, it is a thriller, so I'm sure you will like it!
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are great Thrillers.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angel.
OK, then you'll like The Mysterious Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror, also by the same author.
Yes, it's a series, released in 2009. It's part of the Gathering Storm.
There's The Golden Compass and The Fall if you haven't read them. They're both wonderful.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du maurier
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
No. I do not have that information.
No problem. I am here if you need anything.
I know that they are owned by John Fox and John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Case Case Case is an American football agent, who a Denver Broncos owner of the Denver Broncos. Do you know him?
Their current coach is John Fox. Who is your favorite player?
I like basketball. What is your favorite team?
He's great! What is your favorite team?
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he is a Midfielder.
You are correct. They are the home stadium at the CenturyLink Field.
A Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Wind in the Door which is a great one!
It is a Fantasy book similar to A Wind in the Door.
If you like that I would recommend A Wind in the Door that you might like.
You are correct. I hope you enjoy it.
I love his music! My favorite is What About You. Do you have a favorite song?
You should watch it out, it's been a long time since I haven't seen it yet. I love all his music!
That was one of my favorites! Did you know that he is friends with Britney Spears?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great movie!
The Phantom Tollbooth is an adventure/fantasy novel that was published in 1996.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Do you know of any other movies that he starred in?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction Action Film. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a French Crime Fiction Action Film.
Zulu is starring Arthur C. Clarke and John C. O'Brien.
Your welcome.
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us and The World According to Garp.
Yes, he has also read The Exploits of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It's a great one. It was released in 2009.
Absolutely! It's a great children's book written by Emma Stone. It is also a movie released in 2010.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are popular books by Jane Austen.
Lady Susan was published in 1817 and is a romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
I do! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
Tilda Swinton starred in World War Z with Brad Pitt. Have you seen that one?
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and is in the mystery genre. It was directed by Ivan Reitman, who also wrote The Bourne Legacy.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
