Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a great movie! It's a thriller and a suspense movie.
Yes, Death Wish is a drama and a biography. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a action movie and Spyman's Bodyguard is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
It's a cartoonist.
you are welcome
There's Something About Mary was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Sarah Silverman also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Ben Stiller was in I Am Comic.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen wrote Just Listen, Just Listen, and Just Listen.
Yes she did, she also wrote The Moon and More.
I hope you enjoy it.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle.
You're welcome!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
He is on the India national cricket team, do you like it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of the players on the team, but Ravichandran Ashwin also played cricket.
Yes, Mike Newell directed The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Pushing Tin was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, Steph Curry with the Warriors is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about football, but I do know that Steph Curry is a good player.
Oh, I'm not a huge fan of American Football, but I like American Football. Who is your favorite player?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I prefer American Football. What about you?
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a comedy-drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 2010.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie and Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Wild Geese is also in Twisted Room. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by J.J. Abrams?
Yes, I like thrillers. Sean Penn also produced The Pledge. Have you seen it?
I'll add it to your watch list.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Did you know that Mcg also directed We Are Mars, which is a drama film?
We Are Marshall was written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote We Are Marshall. Would you like to know more?
I am not sure who starred in We Are Marshall, but Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall.
Would you like to hear about other films starring Brian Geraghty?
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October which is a drama film.
Sure, he was in The Hunted and The French Connection. Would you like to know more?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a drama/mystery film.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Then I would recommend The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Surgeon was written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure, do you like the clockwork princess because it is a thriller?
Yes, Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Unforgiven starred Hugh Jackman and Kevin Dunn. It's a great movie.
They are Sci-Fi movies. Do you like those types of movies?
The Blood of Heroes and Blade Runner was directed by David Peoples.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Madonna is a singer, a singer, songwriter and a musician. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about her newer music, but Madonna is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Yes, he did! He starred in a lot of TV shows, including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and Gone Girl.
I know a little about him, he plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
Yes he did. He also played for the Chennai Super Kings.
You're welcome!
Amy Poehler is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
what else can i answer for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. what else can i answer for you today?
Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like sports team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Jane Austen, Jane Austen, and Anne Hathaway also starred in this movie.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3. Did you know he also starred in Taken 3?
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2. Taken 3 is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't think so, I think they're having a good season this year. Who's your favorite team?
I am not sure about their recent problems. I think Mike McCarthy is doing a great job with their coach.
I agree. Aaron Rodgers was a great Quarterback.
Sure, do you like Iron Man because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Peter Gallagher is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping?
George Clooney wrote Good Night, while You Were Sleeping, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Do you like Odd Thomas because it is written by Dean Koontz?
It was written by Odd Thomas. It's considered a thriller and a mystery.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Sense and Sensation, which is a thriller.
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a mystery or a historical period drama?
Then I would recommend The Chronicles of Riddick.
You're welcome
I like Nikki Minaj, he's a great tennis player. What about you?
Yes, I like dance music in the dance genre. Do you like dance music?
Do you know if he is a musician or a musician?
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Emily Bronte. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Where We Belong was released 2012. Do you like romance novels?
Then you might also like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
You're welcome.
Judd Apatow is a science-fiction film. Do you like science-fiction?
Groundhog Day was written by David O'Brien. It's a comedy-drama.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called Into the Wild.
Yes, he did. Harold Ramis also wrote The Is 40, which is a comedy-drama.
It's a comedy-drama. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he wrote Vacation.
You're welcome!
I think he is a composer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is
Oh yea, he is a very talented person!
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer
Yes, I like There's Something About Mary. It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like him?
Did you know that Matt Dillion starred in There's Something About Mary?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Sworn Sword and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York
The two books briefly were released in 1847. It's considered a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Sure, do you like it because it was written by George Orwell or because it was released in 1945?
Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was also written by George Orwell. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, she's a great author. Did you know she wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple
The Temple of My Familiar was released in 1943
Temple of My Familiar is a fantasy book
You're welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
Oh yes, if you like mystery/thrillers, you might also enjoy the Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Lady Vengeance is a drama/mystery movie.
She's been in a lot of thriller movies. She's been in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
The Ice Storm is a great one from Ang Lee. Have you seen it?
Ang Lee wrote The Ice Storm, which is a thriller, and Screenwriter.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote, directed, and produced the movie, Winston Churchill. Would you like to know anything else about Woody Allen?
Zsa Gabor is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer and producer.
Touch of Evil is a drama, written by Orson Welles. Do you like dramas?
Sure, it was written by Steven Cummings, Steven Spielberg, and Steven Spielberg.
Yes there was. It was directed by Peter Buchman. Peter Buchman also directed Jurassic Park III.
Yes, he did. It was directed by Peter Buchman.
He is a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
Rickie Fowler is a golfer from the United States of America. Do you like golf?
I agree, I love Adam Sandler movies. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book. Would you like to know more about it?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Hobbit.
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which is a drama film.
Yes, I can. My Soul to Take is also a Horror Thriller, and I highly recommend it.
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in My Soul to Take, which is a comedy.
Did you like the movie because it was directed by Steven Spielberg or because it was a thriller?
Then you might also like Zombieland, or Zombie Hunter.
I think you'll enjoy the first one.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Have you seen any of those?
Surviving Picasso is a nationality of the United States of America.
Sure, Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse
The Little Prince is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
He's a great football player. Did you know he's married to Gisele
Yes, he was in Stuck on You. Did you know that he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada?
That's a good one. It's a comedy-drama. It's very funny.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Bruce Willis films, you should check out Die Hard with a Vengeance. It's a comedy.
Yes he did, he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yes, they are great films. Would you like to watch them?
Yes, Alien is written by Alien and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her work?
If you like horror movies, you should check out Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
It's a series of horror movies. The first in the series is called Bats. It's a series of horror movies.
You're welcome!
Sure, David Lynch directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Have you heard of The Golden Compass? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, she did. Saw III also starred Scarlett Johansson and Kevin Dillon.
I hope you enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Robert Duvall wrote Repo Men.
Eric Garcia wrote Repo Men. Repo Men is a comedy.
Brett Helquist is an author who wrote The House of Seven Gables. Have you heard of it?
The End is a fantasy novel and it was released in 1922.
Sure, he was born in Los Angeles and was married to Gisele
Yes, I like him. Did you know he's a singer, singer, and actress?
Yes, he has a son, he is a musician and a musician.
Yes, it is a great show! It's a great comedy.
Okay, I'll send it now.
Yes, he's a writer, director, and director. He wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Windtalkers is a drama and Warrior is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It's a great movie. It also starred Tom Cruise. It's a good movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good football player. Did you know he's from Barcelona?
I don't know much about football but I do know that Lionel Messi is a Midfielder.
I agree, I must be sure to give it a try!
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and Two was written by J.K. Rowling.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't know much about the Chiefs, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
That's right! The Chiefs are in the NFC South.
They are part of the NFC West in the AFC West.
Sure, Eoin Colfer wrote The Tombs of Atuan, which is a fantasy novel.
Yes, The Lady Elizabeth was also released that year.
The Six Wives of Henry VIII was released in 2008
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's a good one. Did you know that he's a singer, songwriter and a musician?
Sure, if you like R&B, you should check out his new music from him.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Boston Red Sox.
I'm not sure if they have a game in Boston, but they are in the NFC East.
That was the final score. I'm not sure what the score was.
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight, which stars Christopher Nolan.
Yes, he is a writer and poet. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote остуление.
That's interesting. Did you know he was influenced by William Weaver?
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great children's literature, and also speculative fiction.
I would suggest The Witch of Blackbird Pond, or The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
Yes he does. He is from Germany and plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Yuvan Shankarkar is a player on the team.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because it is a fantasy book?
Sarah J. Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses: A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
She also wrote The Assassin's Blade, which was released in 2014. She also wrote the Assassin's Blade
You're welcome
Sure, James Cameron directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
That's right. It came out in 2012.
Titanic was released in 2010 and also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You are welcome
Yes, it is a romance novel written by Madame Bovary. Do you like romance novels?
You might also like Madame Bovary. It's a romance novel.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! Suzanne Collins wrote The Stand, The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
I agree. I like Serena Williams better than Venus. What about you?
Did you know that Martina Navritalova is a singer and a musician?
Yes, Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova were also in history.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional Golfer.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a professional golfer from Hawaii. She's also a model and a model.
That's amazing! Did you know she won the LPGA Championship in 2012?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote What's Your Number? and The Joy Luck Club. Do you like her work?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance novel.
Yes, Sylvia Day also wrote One With You, have you read this one?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The House of Seven Gables. Have you read those?
The Handmaid Tale is a novel. Do you like books written by Margaret Atwood?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I would recommend The Handmaid's Tale. It was written by Margaret Atwood and is a dystopian fiction.
Yes, he is a writer, a film producer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
It's a thriller film starring Martha Higareda. It's also a thriller film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, do you like the book because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi and Mafi. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, Ignite Me was released in 2014, and also was released in 2014.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by Caroline Kepnes and was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations. However, George R. R. Martin also wrote The World of Ice and Fire.
You're welcome.
Wally Lamb is a writer. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The Hour I First Believed was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you seen them?
Machine Gun Preacher is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
Robert De Niro is a main character in Neverland.
It was released in 1999. It is a drama film.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome.
Yes, John Knowles is a writer and author. He wrote A Separate Peace.
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, it is a speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like the author, Emma because it is a young-adult fiction?
Jane Austen is also a member of Jane Austen and Jane Austen.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
She wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
If you like young adult fiction, you should check out The Giver. It's a series.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Sure! Straw Dogs was written by Stephen King. Stephen King wrote it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
If you like the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, you should check out the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Hangover and The Hangover Part II. Have you heard of those?
Sure, Why Not Me was written by Mindy Kaling and was released in 2012. It's a comedy-drama.
Everyone Hanging Out Without Me has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, Aylmer wrote мерт and вана.
Anna Karenina was born in аренина in аренина. She was born in аренина in аренина.
You're welcome.
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
It's a great movie. It's a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know what else she has directed, but I can tell you that it is a Thriller.
Yes, he is a football player. He plays for the Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him. I do know he is from the United States of America. He is a football player.
Yes, he is. He also played for the Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I like Hurt Locker. Did you know he starred in Hurt Locker?
Yes, he was in the English Patient. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
I agree. He was in a lot of good movies, like The Looking Glass Wars, and The Return of the King.
You're welcome!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple and released in 2012.
Yes she was in I Heart Huckabees too. Did you know she was a scientist?
I'll add Neat to library.
Sure, do you like books by J.K. Rowling?
Torment is a young-adult fiction novel by Lauren Kate. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Lewis Carroll is a singer, songwriter, and author. He was born in Santa Marta.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
Yes, you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond, or The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know they are coached by David Platt. Are you a fan?
Manchester United F.C. is coached by David Platt.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read those?
I like thrillers, but if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It's a great read.
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Sure, David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman. It's a comedy-drama.
Yes, the same team is the Dallas Cowboys.
You're welcome!
I am a cricket fan, but I don't know much about him. I do know he is from India.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he was born in England. He is a scientist and a scientist.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom
Orlando Bloom starred in the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Azkaban
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Death Cure is a young-adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
The Death Cure is written by Rick Riordon
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Nanny Diaries.
Yes, you might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a TV show called Friends with Benefits.
I'm not sure if he's in a TV show.
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Bodyguard. Have you seen those movies?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino wrote The Tenenbaums, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Grindhouse was written by Quentin Tarantino. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Death Proof is a psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer, singer, and actress. Did you know Katy Perry starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
John Carpenter is a writer, director, and director. Did you know that he wrote The Fault in Our Stars?
Escape from New York is a great movie starring Ernest Borgnine. Ernest Borgnine also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Escape from New York also starred Hugh Jackman. Hugh Jackman was also in it.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom.
The Good Doctor is a thriller and stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, Serena does have a lot of issues with her sister Serena.
Yes, she is a great tennis player.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, he is a captain for the team.
I like American Football. I prefer American Football. What about you?
The Home Alone was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about it?
Home Alone was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You are welcome
I love his music. He's a great singer, singer, and singer. Do you like his music?
That's a good one. Did you know he's also a singer and a musician?
Yes, Selena Gomez is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Did you like Shawshank Redemption because it was written by Stephen King?
He wrote the Mists of Avalon which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Are you interested in other books written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a fantasy book?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Ursula K. Le Guin is a writer and author.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Would you like to know more?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Kyla Pratt starred in Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Rohit Sharma is an Indian international cricketer.
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete. He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he does. He is from Nagpur and is an Athlete.
I don't know much about Citigroup, but I know Rohit Sharma is an athlete.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
The Doors of Perception was released in 1958 and Brave New World was written in 2008.
Yes, Jim Morrison and Jim Morrison starred in The Doors of Perception. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and was released in 2012.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Last Samurai which was also made into a movie.
The Quiet American is a Thriller and is a Thriller.
Without Remorse is a thriller and a suspense movie.
You're welcome.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Are you a fan of his work?
The Thirteenth Floor is a thriller
The Thirteenth Floor starred Brad William Henke and Brad Pitt
Are you a fan of the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Did you like the movie because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
Did you like The Help because it is a Romance film?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2?
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
That's a great movie! Did you know that Bradley Cooper starred in it?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
He also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a thriller.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him.
I know he is a midfielder and forward. He is a midfielder.
I like American Football. What sport do you like?
I like baseball, what about you?
Who is Packer fan? I like American football.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by David Platt.
Yes, they are doing good this year. They are my favorite team.
The Time Traveler's Wife was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, it is a mystery novel.
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a romance novel?
It was written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was written by Virginia Woolf.
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, she did. Did you know she is a singer, singer, singer, and singer?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
That's a good one! Did you know that she starred in the movie called Call Me Maybe?
Sure, he directed The Messenger which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agora is a great movie starring Alden Ehrenreich. Alden Amenábar was also in The Others
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you know that Mark Overstall was influenced by Madame Bovary?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, you might also like Madame Bovary. It's a romance novel.
He also wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Then you might also enjoy The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in such films as The Chronicles of Riddick and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sure, Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale and The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
Yes, it is. Joseph Conrad also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard was released in 1960.
Sure, he wrote The Road to El Dorado, which is a thriller.
Have you heard of The House of Seven Gables? It is a good one.
Robert Duvall is the author of the book.
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a young-adult fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel.
Yes, Jane Eyre is considered a Romance Novel.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
I don't know any other pieces of work by Paulo Coelho. Are you a fan of his?
Veronika De Morrer is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Veronika Decide Morrer is a writer, poet, and author.
He is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
I'm more of a Lakers fan. I'm more of a Lakers fan.
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. Are you familiar with his work?
Paulo Coelho wrote the original version of The Alchemist.
I'll add it to your reading list.
That book was written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood, have you read it?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sarah J. Maas is a writer, poet, and author. She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read any of her books?
Sarah J Maas also wrote The Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Would you like to know more about those?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science-fiction book written and directed by Ron Howard. Do you like sci-fi?
Kodi Smit-McPhee also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Dead Europe is a crime/action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Artificial Intelligence is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
There is a lot of good Dramas, including The Silence of the Lambs and The Fault in Our Stars have you seen them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, this is the End is a drama/mystery film. Do you like dramas?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't know who else is in Whatever It Takes.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about it?
Charles Frazier has written many great books, such as What's Your Number and Wild Ones.
Thirteen Moons was released in 2015 and is a drama/mystery.
I'll add it now.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Jerry Jones starred in The Green Hornet. Did you know that he's also a producer?
That's interesting. I'm not sure if he was in reality show, but I think he was a producer.
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it is Sci-Fi or because it is a thriller?
Steve Carell also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Disbelief is a comedy-drama film.
Sure, Josh Hutcherson is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Hunger Games. Do you like his work?
It's a comedy-drama. It's a suspense adventure film.
Sure, she starred in The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen either of those?
It's a drama/mystery.
You're welcome.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey, Tina Fey, Tina Fey, Tina Fey, and Tina Fey. Would you like to know more about any of her books?
Yes, he was. It was written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure, Tate Taylor wrote, directed, and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson also starred in The Help and Get on Up.
Yes, Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Indiana Jones is a great movie! Indiana Jones was written by George Lucas. Would you like to know who else wrote it?
I'm not sure, but Harrison Ford starred in the movie Extraordinary Measures.
Sure, do you like the author Paula McLain or the genre?
Paula McLain also wrote The Paris Wife. Would you like to know more about her?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Circling the Sun is a novel that was released in 1926.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Little Rascals is a children's film. The Little Rascals is also a children's film. Do you like children's films?
That's a good one. It's a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
John Milius also wrote Back to the Future Part II, which is a drama film.
Okay, I'll add those to your watch list.
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and Robert Duvall?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather. Did you know she also starred in The Godfather?
Yes, that's right. Francis Ford Coppola also directed The Godfather II.
Do you like Gustave Flaubert because he is a writer or a scientist?
Have you read Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert?
Yes, it is. I think you'll enjoy it!
I'll add it to your reading list.
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him. What do you know about him?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco is a writer and author. She wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature book. Other examples of children's literature include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Giver is written by William Nicholson, who also wrote The Giver.
I think he's a good Quarterback.
I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I have never been to a football game, but I've been to a few times since I've been to the movies.
Yes, it was a great year for the Bills and the Chargers!
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Lost Hero is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes,It is a young adult fiction
You're welcome
Sure, Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University and Monsters Inc.
Steve Buscemi also stars in Monsters University. Steve Buscemi also stars in Monsters University. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which was written by Machiavelli.
The Prince is a historical period drama.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Niccolo Machiavelli. Niccolo Machiavelli is also a writer.
Yes, he's a singer, songwriter, and a musician.
Yes, I like some of his music. What about you? What genre do you like?
I like his music a lot, I think you'll enjoy his music.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like more books by Truman Capote or more by Truman Capote?
Then you might also enjoy The Truman Capote, which is a crime fiction book.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Robert Mark Kamen and David Schwimmer. Do you like Romance novels?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biography and a biography. Other biographies you might like include The Invisible Man, The Invisible Man, and The Invisible Man.
Walk the Line is a science fiction novel that was written by John Green and is a historical period drama.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote Walk the Line.
I think she is a very talented singer. Did you know she was a singer and a musician?
Yes, I like Taylor Swift too. She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress.
Yes, Shakira is a great singer-songwriter.
Sure, she starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is a comedy. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Coming of Age is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes, Whale Rider is a good actor. He also starred in White Squall.
You are welcome.
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read any of these?
Sure, Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1851.
He wrote a number of books in his lifetime. He was influenced by William H. Macy, William H. Macy and William H. Macy.
You're welcome!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog
Yes, Marley & Me was written by Robert Mark Kamen. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Would you like to know more?
Do you like Scream because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, A Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
It's a drama/mystery. It's also considered a horror film.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expedables. Did you know Sylvester Stallone starred in The Experiment?
Robert De Niro is also in Redbelt. Do you like him?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Do you like her work?
City of Bones is a fantasy novel and City of Bones is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Great! Cassandra Clare also wrote The Golden Compass which is a fantasy novel.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
The Royal Kill is a war film starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
I don't know much about Ma Long, but I know he is a table tennis player from China.
That's interesting. Did you know that Ma Long is from the United States of America?
I like Michael Phelps, he is a great swimmer. What about you?
You're welcome!
Bobby Farrelly is a writer, director and director. Did you know he starred in The Rules of Attraction?
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know who else is in it, but it's a comedy.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls and The Skulls. Have you seen them?
The Skulls also starred Paul Walker and Leslie Bibb.
You're welcome.
I know that they are a German football team. Are you a fan?
It is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he was
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a cricket player.
Yes, he plays for the England national cricket team. Do you like cricket?
Sure, Clint Eastwood directed Million Dollar Baby which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Million Dollar Baby starred Morgan Freeman, and Space Cowboys starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist.
The Tourist is a historical period drama and The Lives of Others stands out.
I am not sure who starred in the movie, but I can tell you that it is a thriller.
It was released in 2007. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Tourist was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and was released in 2010.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Did you know that Steve Kerr is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Oh yeah, I love Anthony Davis. I think he's a great point guard.
Sure, Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Eyre is a romance novel. Michael Mason also wrote Sense and Sensibility which are romance novels.
Have you heard of The War of the Worlds?
I think he's a good basketball player. Did you know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I like basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I didn't know he is from the United States of America.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces was written by Million Little Pieces by James Frey. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The authoi is a young-adult fiction novel that was released in 1991.
Yes, James Frey has directed several films such as A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces, and A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces.
Yes, he wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes, 1600 was released.
Yes, Shakespear's Tale is a series. Do you like Shakespear's work?
Sure, I will add it to your list.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is a midfielder and he is a midfielder on the Germany national team.
I don't follow soccer much. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, he's a tennis player. Do you like him?
Basel is in Basel in Basel in Basel in Basel.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter and song writer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, she won the Video Music Award for Video of the Year
That's interesting. Did you know that she's also a musician?
Sure, do you like the movie Jaws because it is a sci-fi?
Yes he was, he was also in Jaws 2.
You're welcome.
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Amelie was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about it?
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, Rob Cohen wrote The Hangover and The Hangover.
It is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
The skulls is a psychological thriller and a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Craig T. Nelson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know what else he has been in, but I can tell you that Leslie Bibb also starred in Zookeeper.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. They are coached by Mike Shanahan and Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Who is your favorite team?
I like the New York Giants. Who's your favorite player?
I like Linkin Park because I like their music. What about you?
Somewhere I Belong is a pop rock band. Do you like that genre?
Somewhere I Belong is popular and he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, I do. I like American Football. How about you?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIX, but they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIX.
The Patriots were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII, did you know that?
Do you like In Cold Blood because it is written by Truman Capote or because it is a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Truman Capote, which was written by Truman Capote. It's a crime drama novel.
Yes, it was written by Truman Capote and based on the true story of a true story.
Did you like Tom Skerrit in it because it was a fantasy?
Yes, it is. It's a great movie with the cat.
Another good one with the cat is White Fang. Have you seen that one?
I think they are a pretty good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of basketball. What sport do you like to watch?
The Nets are on the Eastern Conference and the Barclays Center is a basketball team.
Yes, it's a great book. It's considered a thriller and a war film. Do you like those types of movies?
She is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer and screenwriter.
It was a great movie! It also starred Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he's starred in What's Your Number? and The Giver. Have you heard of those?
Yes, he was. Do you like Robin Williams movies?
Yes, it was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a fantasy movie?
Yes, he was. Did you know that he also starred in The Good Doctor?
Well, if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It's a great movie.
Do you like X-Men Origins: Wolverine because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Sure, Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but I can tell you Ryan Reynolds was in Waiting.
You're welcome.
True Grit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Matt Damon also starred in True Grit. Did you know that he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
Yes, Matt Damon also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is an action movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, Boyhood was directed by Christopher Nolan. Are you familiar with his work?
Richard Linklater also directed Cloverfield which is a drama film. Have you seen this one?
Confused was released in 2014 and is a Mystery Film.
You're welcome!
It's a war film. It's a war film and a war film. Do you like war films?
It's a Thriller, Sci-Fi and Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars, or The Fault in Our Stars. Both are great choices.
Yes, it's one of my favorites! It's a sci-fi thriller, and sci-fi.
I am not sure what they do, but they are in the AFC East.
They're in the AFC East, and owned by Tom Benson.
I am not sure who won the super bowl XXII, but the Steelers won Super Bowl XIII.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Goonies, which is a drama film.
I am not sure who starred in this film, but Seth Rogen directed This is the End.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End as well.
Channing Tatum also starred in Wilde and Welcome to the Monkey House.
I'm not sure who else was in the Vow, but it is a fantasy film.
You're welcome.
The Silence of the Lambs was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like science fiction books?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class
You're welcome
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
She was in The Lion King. Would you like to know more about her?
The Lion King was written by Rene Mecchi. Would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about it?
Will Smith also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
It is a drama/mystery film.
I'll play it for you now.
Yes, he's a soccer player from Manchester. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I know Fabrio Capello is a midfielder.
I like the New England Patriots home venue is Wembley Stadium.
Steve McQueen wrote, directed, and produced Christmas presents. Would you like to know more about Christmas movies?
They are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like K-Pop music?
The Boy Band is from South Korea and is a Boy Band from South Korea.
I'm not sure if they did, but I can tell you they are from Seoul.
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Welcome to the Punch.
Wild Bill also starred Jason Flemyng. He was also in Welcome to the Punch
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, which was released in 1958.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Thriller and was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Hugh Jackman starred in the Wolverine. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a writer, poet, essayist, essayist, essayist and essayist.
I don't know what movie he was in, but I know he was a musician and a musician.
I don't know much about his films, but I do know that he is a composer and a musician.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Epatha Merkerson wrote We Were Liars and We Rode in Trucks. Have you seen those?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a thriller and Terminator Day is a thriller.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Did you know that Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything?
Yes, I have. Stephen D. Dubner is from New York. He is a writer and author.
That's a good one. Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide.
Edgar Wright wrote The Godfather. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like Ben Feldman too. Did you know he was also a film producer?
Yes, Coldplay is a country rock. Do you like it because it's a rock movie?
The Escapist is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure what else they have written, but I can tell you they are also part of Procapist.
Laini Taylor wrote What's Your Number? which is a fiction novel.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was written by Laini Taylor and released in 2011.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
That's interesting! Did you know that he is from Oakland?
I've never seen the movie, but I do know that he is a basketball player.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by Zombie and is a Thriller.
Sure, Grindhouse is a comedy-drama film. It's a Thriller. Do you like comedies?
Do you like Big Fish because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Yes, Kenny Ortega also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, which is a comedy.
Sure, I can help you with Valentine's Day, Windtalkers, and The Giver.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Sure, Zambezia also starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama, do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
They are a basketball team and a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
That's a great movie! Did you know that Transformers: the Fallen starred Tom Hanks?
Ramon also stars in the action movie The Return of the King.
Need for Speed is a science fiction action movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure, do you like it because it's a romance novel?
Voyager is also a Romance novel. Do you like Voyager because it's romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she is a tennis player, but I don't know much about her.
Yes, I like Serena Williams sisters. She is a tennis player from Mumbai.
Yes, they are so successful! I hope you like them!
Sure, he starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
Two for the Money is a psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Sure, do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a Romance novel?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and Emma Stone.
Sure, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a satire.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
Jar of Hearts is a song and A Thousand Years is one of my favorites.
Yes, it was released in 2010
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Vatican Tapes?
Yes, I like Crime Fiction movies like Zero Dark Thirty. Do you like that genre?
Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen them?
Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy-drama. It was released in 1999.
Sure, Unaccompanied Minors also starred Bruce McCullough, which is a comedy-drama.
Sure, Unaccompanied Minors added to your watch list.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Waltz: The World According to Garp and The Last Samurai.
Water for Elephants is a drama/mystery film. It's a historical period drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Boyhood is written by John Boyne and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Yes, he was in Tolstoy's most recent movie, Where Rainbows End.
You're welcome.
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to know more books written by her?
Yes she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome
Sure, The Social Network was written by Social Network and stars Tom Hanks. It's a Social Network a Social Network.
The Social Network starred Tom Hanks, Sean Hayes, and a lot of other actors.
Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network: The Social Network
You are welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is a writer, writer and author. He's a great author. He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
Yes, he's a great writer. He's a great writer. He's a great writer. He's a very talented writer. He's a great writer.
John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars which is a comedy.
The Fog was directed by John Carpenter. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's great! I'll add that to your watch list.
Escape from New York is a comedy-drama.
Sure, do you like the Lord of the Rings because it is a fantasy book?
Women in Love was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Women in Love and Dance with Wolves
D. H. Lawrence also wrote Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: Lord of the Rings: King of Women in Love and Dance with Wolves: Women in Love.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about her?
The Matrix was written by Matrix and stars Keanu Reeves and Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
Yes, A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Young-adult fiction, you should check out The Wrinkle in Time. It is also a Science Fantasy.
Yes, The Chocolate War is also a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a young-adult fiction book. It's part of the Young-adult fiction series.
It was released in 1974. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama/mystery film.
Swarup was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes, Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit series. Have you seen it?
Aidan Turner starred in the Hobbit. He also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a fantasy.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one.
The Golden Compass was directed by Stephen King
The BFG was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Zoe's tale is also a children's book, and Z for Zacharia is also speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is speculative fiction and speculative fiction
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
She has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes Donna Tartt did. She also wrote The Secret History.
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles in the United States of America.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes. Have you read other works by Jojo Moyes?
I think you'll enjoy them.
Yes, it's a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and stars Sam Trammell. Are you interested in either of those films?
That's a good one! It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Paper Towns is also Young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
It's a fictional novel. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
Sure, Tim Miller starred in The Hobbit: The Return of the Living Dead and The Last Samurai.
The Goon was directed by Tim Miller as well as The Goon and Black Hat 2015, have you seen it?
The Goon and Black Hat 2015 are some of the movies he has directed
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction novel written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, it is an English movie.
I'm not sure, but Guillermo del Toro is a Spanish film.
Sure! You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series by Guillermo del Toro.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides, The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides.
George Carlin also starred in Tides. Would you like to know more about Kate Nelligan?
Yes that is correct. Michael York also wrote The Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, he is a great writer. Did you know he wrote ?
I did. Did you know Homer's Iliac was also written by him?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola produced The Godfather Part II?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Godfather II.
Sure, it was written by Sean Penn. Do you like his work?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote the Wild and it was directed by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also produced the film Into the Wild.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn and Sean Penn. Sean Penn also wrote Into the Wild which is an adventure film.
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, he directed The King's Speech and The King's Speech.
Les Miserables is a comedy-mystery, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I think he's a great singer, singer, and songwriter. What about you?
I don't know too much about her music but I do know Selena Gomez is a singer-songwriter.
I heard Kesha is a great singer, singer, singer, singer, and actress.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a German football team. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
They won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner series is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Scorch Trials is written by Stephen King
You're welcome!
Sure, Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it was made into a movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Quentin Tarantino. Would you like to know more about it?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult and is a speculative fiction.
The book was written by Mark Isham and released in 1960.
She wrote Dracula. Do you like her work?
Do you like the author because of the author, Dracula, or because it is a thriller?
I do not have any authors similar to her, but I can tell you she is a writer and author.
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie and The Golden Compass is fantasy.
You're welcome!
I like the Houston Texans, but I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Jerry Jones also owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Sure, Julian Glover starred in The Vow and The Last Samurai. Have you seen them?
I'm sorry, I don't know who else was in Wuthering Heights. Did you know Wuthering Heights is a drama film?
I'm not sure when it came out.
Wuthering Heights is a drama/mystery film. It was released in 1847. It's a great movie.
Pearl S Buck is an American novelist, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
The Good Earth was released in 1926.
The Waves was also released in 1931 which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Did you know she is a tennis player?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player and also a musician.
Yes, I like American Football. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he is a good player and also a musician.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what else was released in 1989.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the Avengers because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2 and he also wrote The Avengers.
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2011
You are welcome
Crazy, Stupid, Love is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Then I'd recommend Wreck-It Ralph. It's a romance film.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Are you familiar with that?
Stephen King is American. He is from the United States of America. Do you like his work?
The Dead Zone is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was born in Bogott-Smith
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in Forrest Gump. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Tom Hanks?
Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do is a comedy, and the Simpsons Movie was directed by Tom Hanks.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it is a mystery and a romance novel.
Yes, Pierre Perrier also starred in the film, Pierre Perrier.
I do! I like the Seattle Seahawks. They're in the AFC East. Do you like them?
The Seahawks are in the AFC East. They're in the AFC East. Do you like the Seahawks?
Yes, the Seahawks are too loud. They are in the NFC East too.
It was written by Jerry Spinelli and released in 2007.
Yes. Jerry Spinelli also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is another good read.
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction novel. It was released in 2005.
I think he's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
I agree. Did you know that Rafael Nadal is a British tennis player?
I agree. I like Federer better than Rafael Nadal.
Mary GrandPre is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Big Little Lies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a pretty good team. They are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They're still having a good season but they're still having a good season.
I think he deserves to be a good coach.
Do you like him because he's a musician or a musician?
Yes, Stan Lee also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
The Incredible Hulk stars Emma Stone and Hugh Jackman. Would you like to see it?
God's Smuggler is a good one. Have you read it?
The Hiding Place has a genre of Tragicomedy and Historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, Noah Emmerich also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Okay, I'll add it to your watch list.
Okay, enjoy the movies!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street.
I'm not sure who starred in 22 Jump Street, but Phil Lord directed it.
Yes, he was in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Yes, it's a great adventure film. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes she was, she was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome.
Did you like it because it was written by Tom Cruise or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Then you might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron, have you seen it?
Zombieland has a great cast including Hugh Jackman, Kevin Spacey, and Bill Murray, do you know any of them?
War of the Worlds, WALL-E was released in 2011.
Sure, Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Both are great books.
Yes, The Boston Girl is a great read. Another good one is The Last Days of Dogtown.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by A Little Princess because it is a children's literature?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, if you like speculative fiction, you should check out Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond, written by Ernest Hemingway.
To Have and Have Not is a romance novel, written by Ernest Hemingway.
Do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-dramas?
Yes he did
You're welcome
I like Linkin Park because I like their music. What about you?
The Green Lantern was written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Stephen King movies?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It's a great movie.
There is a sequel called X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Seven Sons: First Class. She also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in Micmacs.
I am not sure when he started his career. He is a comedian.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Neil Gaiman also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You're welcome.
No Country for Old Men is a movie written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Tom Cruise.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a lot of thrillers. Would you like to hear about other suspense movies?
The Natural Born Killers was directed by John Lee Jones.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a comedy-drama. It's a drama/mystery.
Yes, it is also a spy genre.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams.
Yes, Jojo Moyes also wrote Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You: Me Before You, was released in 2016.
You're welcome.
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Princess and the Frog?
Yes, he was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo
The Count of Monte Cristo was released in 1844, would you like to know more about this novel?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Tom Cruise and starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes I have. Peter Capaldi also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and World War Z.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, Katherine Paterson wrote Water for Elephants which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it does have a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hunger Games because it is a thriller or a suspense movie?
Then you might also like The Hunger Games. It's a thriller.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Rachel McAdams.
Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked and Wicked. Both are great books.
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
I would recommend Walking Disaster. Walking Disaster is a murder mystery.
You're welcome
Did you like the Matrix Reloaded because it was a Sci-Fi or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Then I'd recommend The Matrix Reloaded as well as The Matrix Reloaded.
The Matrix Revolutions also stars Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know who else starred in John Wick?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyricist, lyricist and lyricist
Yes, she did. She also won the MTV Music Music Music Music Award for Best Chorography.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. Did you know she was born in Sydney?
Lana Wachowski starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like romance movies. What about you?
Yes, it is. Did you know that Lana Wachowski also wrote The Incredible Hulk?
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was also written by Richelle Mead and Richelle Mead.
It was written by Richelle Mead and Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon wrote it as well.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a war movie or because it is a war movie?
Did you like the Lego Movies because it was written by Lego Movies?
Sure, do you like movies with Will Ferrell or Morgan Freeman in general?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Lego Movie, which is a great movie.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Modern Prometheus was also written by Maurice Hindle and was released in 1818
Yes, they were written in English. Would you like to know anything else about it?
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote Never Let Me Go which is a fantasy novel.
It was released in 1847.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are a good team. They're coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I know they are in the NFC South division.
I don't follow sports, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
Yes, Toy Story was written by Toy Story and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Toy Story 3 stars Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Tim Allen. Toy Story 3 is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, I hope you like it!
Sure, can I help you with anything else?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't really follow sports, but I do know that he is a basketball player.
I like basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it's a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi thrillers?
William Sanderson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
It's very entertaining! It's also considered a comedy-drama.
Bood Diamond starred Hugh Jackman, Rosario Dawson, and Rosario Dawson.
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in Bood Diamond? It's a romantic comedy.
Stephen Collins starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "Titanic."
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Kurt Wimmer or because it is a Thriller?
Well, Roger Bart also starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate, which is a historical period drama.
I like psychological thrillers and crime fiction. Kurt Wimmer also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a thriller.
Did you like the fifth element in the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer and actress.
Yes, I do. Some of her songs are What's Your Number. What's your favorite?
I like Lady Gaga too. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The World According to Garp, which is a fantasy novel.
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, there is a translation version.
Anita Diamant is a writer and author. She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Tenth Circle. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction novel.
Anita Diamant is a writer on the New York Times Best Seller list
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the Untouchables because it is a thriller or a crime fiction?
Yes, there are many. The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai are also in it.
The Godfather trilogy was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Godfather.
The Godfather Trilogy was written by Francis Ford Coppola. It's a great movie.
You're welcome
Yes, Silence is written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The House of Seven Gables, which is also historical drama.
The main lead in The Slaves is J.K. Simmons
You are welcome
Sure, Margaret Stohl wrote The House of Seven Gables.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction, as well as Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time because it is a fantasy movie?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Dungeons & Dragons stars William Hurt and J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
That book was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Would you like to know more about her books?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue.
Yes, it is a romance novel
Kristin Cashore wrote Voyager
You're welcome
She wrote The Search. Have you read it?
The Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1961
Yes it was written in English
I don't know much about football but I do know that he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I don't know much about the team captains of the Belgium national team. What team is he on?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Who is yours?
Yes, he's a writer, director and director. He's a film producer. Do you like his work?
Yes, I have seen it. Did you know David Fincher starred in Full Frontal?
Yes, David Fincher directed Full Frontal and the MTV Video Music Music Award for Video Music Music Video.
Yes, she starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Sean Connery starred in Shackleton. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure when it came out.
Sure, he wrote Goldman: The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner of York, and many more.
He is a writer. He wrote a lot of science fiction.
I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
You're welcome.
Sure, Sarah Dressen wrote White Squall and White Squall.
The Truth About Forever is written by Sebastian Schipper and was released in 2011. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
Yes, he is married to Emma Stone.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. Are you a fan of hers?
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is a writer, poet and author. He wrote The Seven Samurai.
Have you heard of Things Fall Apart? It was written by Chinua Achebe.
No, I did not see it.
You're welcome
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Jamie Foxx starred in Django Unchained.
You're welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife
Tuesdays has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Thriller
Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven are non fiction books.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more about her?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, J.J. Abrams, and J.J. Abrams.
The Weekend is a great weekend! It's a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
You should listen to Echoes of Silence.
That's great, I think that's a great song too. I think it's a great song.
I love A Time to Kill. It's written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers. Would you like to hear about some of his other works?
The Brethren was released in 1987.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes. The Vanished Man is written in English.
You're welcome.
It was written by Dr. Seuss and is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Dr. Seuss also wrote The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket was written by Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket was released in 1951. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Adam Levine is a great singer. Did you know he's also a singer?
Yes, I like his music with Maroon 5. Did you know Adam Levine starred in The Voice?
I do. Did you know Adam Levine is a great singer and a musician?
Peter Dinklage starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of Othello, Romeo and Juliet, Romeo and Juliet, Romeo and Juliet.
Well, you might also be interested in A Midsummer Night's Dream. It's also considered Fantasy.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Apostle
I am not sure when it was released, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in a movie called The Power of Habit.
You are welcome
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and Wizard and Glass.
Yes, he did, and he also wrote The Absolute Sandman.
The Absolute Sandman is a Thriller, and he was influenced by Steve Kloves. He was also a director, producer, and director.
Yes, it is considered Children's literature in the Fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it's a romance and a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson stars in a film called Scarlett Johansson. It's a drama/mystery film.
Okay, I'll add that to your watch list.
Under the Skin stars Scarlett Johansson, Scarlett Johansson, and Scarlett Johansson.
Under the Skin was released in 2014. It's a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and it's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Uma Thurman starred in Vol. 1 and also starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction
I think they are a pretty good team. They are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I don't know much about him. I think he is a good coach.
I don't know much about him, but he was born in Los Angeles, Texas.
Robert Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Yes, he did. It is a drama/mystery.
The Apostle is an Indie film and The Apostle is an Indie film. Do you like Indie films?
Yes, Christina Perri is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
yes she does. do you like her music?
yes he is. do you like basketball?
I am a huge fan of the award for basketball.
I think he's a good singer, but I think he's a good singer
What do you think about Justin Timberlake? Did you know he dated Justin Timberlake?
I've never got into N'SYNC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Yes, Sean Bean starred in the Hobbit. He also starred in The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Sure, Christopher Lee also starred in The Lord of the Rings series.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and it is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Titan's Curse is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Mythology is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is a comedy/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked.
Yes, Wicked is a play. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout also wrote Wicked. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mhari Calvery starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
I am not sure who else starred in Braveheart. Did you know that Mhari Calvery starred in it?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love David Mitchell. He wrote What's Your Number. Have you heard of it?
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell in English. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great director. He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
It's a comedy-drama. It's a comedy-drama.
Zach Gilford also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Okay, enjoy the movies!
Paul Werstine wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a Romance novel.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra was written by William Shakespeare
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure if it's worth watching. But I think it's worth watching.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Martian?
There's Interstellar, Gravity, Inception, and Inception. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
I'm not sure when his last album came out, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
There was a popular one called The Thrill of It, which was also released in 2017.
I don't know any artists like him, but I do know that he is a singer, songwriter and a musician.
My favorite band is The Thrill of It. Do you like them?
David McDuff wrote рестуление and нание.
It was released in 1847
The genre is Science Fiction
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer.
I don't know anything else about him, but I know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, she's American. I think she's an amazing athlete.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, Stephen Hawking wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It's a very good movie. It's a very good movie. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Brendon Urie is a singer, song writer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more books by her?
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia was released in 2005. Would you like to know more?
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in The Bodyguard and The Bodyguard. Have you seen either of those?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie City of God because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
The Escapist is a thriller. Seu Jorge also starred in The Last Crusade.
Seu George also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure, Jay Asher wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
Sure, do you like Young Adults?
Sure, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is also a good book.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare and Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2005.
I don't have that information, but Cassandra Clare also wrote The Mortal Instruments which was released in 2011.
You Are Not So Smart is written by Cassandra Clare.
Sure, The Historian is a dystopian novel written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like his work?
Sure. The Historian is a book about the life of one of the most popular suspenses of all time. The Historian is considered a thriller and suspense.
Without Fail is a thriller. It's also considered a thriller. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Markus Zusak?
Did you like it because it was written by Hilary Swanson or because it was a comedy?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in Help?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It is a thriller and a mystery. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she was also in it, have you seen it?
The Brothers Grimm wrote Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, The Mark of Athena is written by Greek Mythology and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Titan's Curse is a young-adult fiction novel written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Did you know that The Weeknd is a singer/songwriter?
Yes, Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets, which is a comedy.
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
She's a great singer, singer, and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Will Smith is a great actor, he is a great actor. Do you like Will Smith?
Yes, Michael Ealy was in it as well. Do you like his work?
Sure, he's a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
As Good As It Gets is a good Romance and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you about The Girl you've Got Mail.
Sure, Evan Goldberg is a film director. He's a great director. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
Emma Watson also starred in This is the End, have you seen it?
Yes, it does fall under both fantasy and comedy genres, do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
The Karate Kid is a martial arts film. Sylvester Stallone starred in The Karate Kid. He is also a writer and a film producer.
The Last Dragon is a great one. Sylvester Stallone starred in The Green Hornet.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show, which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy movie?
Children of the Prophecy is a fantasy and other is The Queen of Attolia
Sure, do you like movies by J.K. Rowling in general?
There are 5 parts in this series, one being Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Yes, the order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling
You're welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. Would you like to know more about it?
The Clan of the Cave Bear was also written by Jean M Auel and it is a Speculative Fiction.
The Shelters of Stone is a historical period drama that was released in 1926.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Unforgivable Blackness also has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he does. He also starred in The House of Seven Gables which is a drama film.
Yes, that's correct. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer who plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I like tennis, but I don't know much about it.
Yes, he is a very good athlete.
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
That's a good one! I like Space Jam. It's a Space Jam film.
That's a great movie. Did you know that Ivan Reitman also starred in Space Jam?
I think they're okay. I'm more of a football fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more books by him?
The Lightning Theif is a speculative fiction.
Yes. Rick Riordan also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The Side of Paradise was released in 1851.
F. Scott Fitzgerald also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is a writer, director and director. Do you like his work?
Michael Crichton is related to Michael Crichton. Michael Crichton is also a screenwriter.
Robin Cook is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, producer and screenwriter.
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a great movie.
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Yes, it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling is a writer, poet, essayist, essayist
Sure, Ed Sheeran wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is one of my favorites.
Yes, he did. Did you know that he composed the music for the Evergreen album?
Oh yes, he's a great singer, singer, singer and songwriter.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Thief of Always was written by Virginia Woolf and is a speculative fiction.
He is a writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, writer, and author.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you'll enjoy The Lord of the Rings series.
He's a great actor! He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
He also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. She also wrote Girl on the Train.
The Girl on the Train was written by Rebecca Hall. Another good one is The Girl on the Train.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other films filmed in Mexico.
Yes, I like his music. I like his song Into the Wild. Do you like his music?
I like her father's music. Did you know she is a musician?
Yes, I like her music. She is a singer, singer, and actress.
David O. Russell starred in The Rules of Attraction, a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nora Dunn stars in it. Do you like her movies?
Sure, you might like The Hunger Games, which is also a drama, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Where the Heart is written by J.K. Rowling and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote Where the Heart.
Yes, it is considered a drama and a tragedy.
Yes, there are many. Some of Christopher Bigsby's most popular dramas are The House of Mirth, The House of Mirth, and House of Mirth
You're welcome
Mark Margolis starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Sure, David Yates starred in What's Your Number. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he is talented! He has a lot of things, including The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Order of the Phoenix, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you read The House of Seven Gables? It is a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Did you know he was also in Deadpool?
It's a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in The Prestige. Do you like his work?
The power of the lead character is X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Where to Find Them because it is a fantasy book?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a good one
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and We Were Liars. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it is in English. Do you like books in English?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like it because it is sci-fi or because it is a comedy?
Well, it's a comedy-mystery movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a great movie! It's a sci-fi movie, starring Tom Hanks.
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like The Invisible Man, which is also a good one.
Yes, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know, but I do know that he is a singer and a musician.
I'm not sure if it's a genre, but I do know that Luke Bryan is a singer/songwriter.
Sure, Kurt Wimmer directed Whiplash. Would you like to hear about other movies he directed?
That's a good one! It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Great, I think you'll enjoy the movie!
You're welcome.
Sidney Lumet is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
I don't know any other books by him but I do know he is a scientist.
Crime is a fiction book
The Selection is a young-adult fiction book written by Kiera Cass. Do you like her books?
She also wrote The Sirens of Titan and The Sirens of Titan.
Glad to be of help
You are welcome
Sure, Richard Linklater directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome
Yes, he directed the animation film, The Little Prince. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Good Will Hunting was directed by Stephen King. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also directed The Good Will Hunting, which is an Indie film.
Yes, River Phoenix was in it. Did you know that he also starred in The House of Seven Gables?
Yes, River Phoenix was a great movie. Did you know that Reeves was also in My Own Private Idaho, which is an Indie film?
David Sedaris wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Did you know he is a writer?
He was born in Flames and SantaLand Diaries was written by David Sedaris. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Are you a fan of his work?
Flannery O'Connor was also a film producer and a film producer. It was directed by David Sedaris
It was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars: A Memoir of Frankie Landau-Banks, which was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an author. He wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Are you familiar with that?
Thirteen Moons is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Yes, A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like K-Pop music?
I've heard of Son of the Flies, which is one of my favorites. I've heard of it.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins and Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins and Island of the Blue Dolphins.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer, poet and author. He wrote a lot of books.
I know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
Yes, he did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You are welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It is in English.
I would say Eleanor Roosevelt was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You're welcome
That's a great movie. Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Goodfellas is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro or Robert De Niro?
What Just Happened was written by Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a thriller?
I am not sure who stars in What Lies Beneath but it is a drama.
Yes, they are. What Lies Beneath was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I do like to watch football. What about you? Do you know who is the coach?
I do. I like Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers fan?
He's a great player! He's a great player. I like the Lakers.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Proposal?
Jason Statham also starred in What's Your Number? which is a comedy.
Simon West also directed The Mists of Avalon.
Yes, Natalie Babbitt is a writer and author. She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Voyager is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he starred in Independence Day?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Are you a fan of his?
Gravity was released in 2010. It's a sci-fi thriller.
Gravity was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Gravity also starred Alfonso Cuarón. Gravity was also released in 2013.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
They were moving back to Las Vegas when the stadium was moved.
I'm not sure if they're in the AFC right now.
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
You're welcome
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. Do you like war books?
It is a satire and a war novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, it is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a historical period drama?
Yes, I agree. Did you know that Zadie Smith also wrote A Tale of Two Cities?
You are welcome.
Sure, John Lasseter directed The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
Cars 2 was released in 2011. It's a historical period drama.
Peter Jacobson starred in Cars 2 along with John Lasseter. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
I think he's a good boxer. Did you know he starred in Ocean's Eleven?
She is married to Hayden Panettire. She starred in Ocean's Eleven which is a romantic comedy.
I agree. Denzel Washington is talented. He's also a film producer. He's very talented.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team? I like the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Redskins in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like the Redskins?
That was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Good Omens: The Nice and the Witch of Blackbird Pond
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good one, have you read it?
I think he's on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 4th in the NBA.
I'm not sure about that, but I think he is tall.
You're welcome
Anthony Heald wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal Lector and Dr. Dr. Chilton.
If you liked The Juror, you should check out The Silence of the Lambs. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of sci-fi or action films?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Shia Lebouf also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I'm not sure when they played, but I do know that Scottie Pippen was born in Houston.
Sure, Hush Hush was written by Hush Hush. Would you like to know more books by Hush Hush?
Yes, it is a series. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Justin Rose is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I do know he is a golfer. I think he is a great golfer.
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I love Adam Sandler, he is a great actor. I love Adam Sandler.
The Miami Dolphins are a good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the NFL but I do know that they are owned by David Nichols
I'm not sure how they are doing, but I know that they are doing well this year.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Sure, Rayuela was released in 1851 and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer, singer, and singer. She is a singer.
Yes, she was in a science fiction film called The Giver.
The Giver is about a young boy who lives in a town called The Giver. The Giver is about a young boy, who is about a boy.
Are you referring to Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Looking for Alaska is a children's literature book.
John Green also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Truman Capote is a movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. It's a romantic comedy.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
Mandy Moore was in Tangled. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like her?
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great family film.
Tom Hanks was also in Toy Story. He was great in it.
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Artificial Intelligence is a science fiction novel. Do you like sci-fi?
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a great Sci-Fi movie. Steven Speilberg also wrote The Goonies.
The Extra-Terrests of the Third Kind was released in 2009. Steven Speilberg also directed The Goonies.
It was written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. Are you familiar with her work?
You're welcome.
Sure, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando. Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Robert C. O'Brien.
Yes, he is. He's a great actor.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of films, including The Godfather. He's been in a lot of movies.
Witless Protection is a thriller and also a drama.
Sure! If you like Crime Fiction, you should check out The Godfather. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Al Pacino also starred in The Godfather.
You're welcome!
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer. Do you like her music?
Sure, Anne-Marie is a singer, singer, singer, singer, singer, singer, singer and actress.
I'm not sure, but Anne-Marie is a singer.
Yes, I love Linkin Park's old music. Did you know that they were made into movies?
I love Linkin Park's music. What about you? What about you?
I'm a huge fan of their music. Some of my favorites are "Twilight" and "Twilight."
Craig T. Nelson starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes he was. Pete Doctor also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Craig T. Nelson also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yep, Tyrone Giordano was in The Family Stone. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm not sure what other movies she's been in, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton was also in The Princess and the Frog. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath's Collected Poems, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath's is a Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library Library
Yes, he was a very talented person. He was a very talented person. I think he was a very talented person. Do you like his music?
Yes, it's a very popular song of his. Did you know he was born in London?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's about the whale, and it's a mystery.
Sure, Tim Miller is a director. He directed The Prestige, which is a thriller.
Deadpool is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander, but Ryan Reynold wrote it.
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe is a Romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
Il Principe was written by Niccolo Machiavelli. Niccolo Machiavelli also wrote Il Principe, which was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
Yes, he wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a Speculative fiction.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Yes, it was written in English. Would you like to know more about it?
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Color Purple is a children's literature. The genre is Speculative Fiction and Children's Literature
Yes, it is a musical.
Memento is a thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure who starred in Memento. It is a psychological thriller
You're welcome
I don't know much about him. I think he's a midfielder for Real Madrid.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he is from Spain.
Who is your favorite team? I like the team better.
Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was written by Elizabeth George Speare?
John Irving is a writer, a film producer, and a film producer. He wrote The World According to Garp.
The World According to Garp is a fantasy novel.
The World According to Garp was released in 1926.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Yes, she was in Princess Mononoke, which was a great movie. She also starred in The Princess Mononoke.
It's a great movie. It's a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, I'll add it now.
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Fight Club is a drama/mystery film.
I don't know much about comedy, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
Well, if you like Brad Pitt, you might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron.
You're welcome.
The Theory of Everything is a romance novel written by Richelle Mead. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Both are Romantic films.
It is considered a Romantic film and also a Romantic film.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I have heard of it. It is a very popular sport in the U.S....... I am a huge fan of Cricket.
Yes, he was born in India. He was also born in India.
I don't know much about Lakers. I do know that Lakers is a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I think he's a good coach. I think he's a good coach.
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. Are you a fan of his work?
Louis Sachar also wrote Unbroken: A House of Night Novel. Have you heard of it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I know he is a basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
I am not sure but I do know that he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
They are a basketball movie. Do you like basketball movies?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is a singer-songwriter and a voice actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Vulgar is a comedy and drama film directed by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith starred in the film.
Sure, Vulgar is a comedy and drama film. Kevin Smith directed and produced it.
Kevin Smith is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer and Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
You're welcome.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that it is a soccer team based in Munich.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
You might enjoy Wizard's First Rule, or Wizard's First Rule. Both are great books.
Legend of the Seeker is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by Kurt Wimmer and released in 2014. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
I am not sure about his fiction novels, but I can tell you he is a scientist and author.
It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Yes, Cam Newton is a quarterback and he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
Yes, wes Welker is a great quarterback. Wes Welker is a great football player.
Oh yeah. I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great quarterback.
I like Floyd Mayweather Jr., he's a boxer. Did you know he was a boxer?
Oh yeah, he's a good boxer. Did you know he's also a politician?
Yes, he's a boxer. Did you know he's a politician?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by John Green and is a Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
It is a mystery, science fiction, and science fiction.
Twilight was written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to hear about other movies in the same genre?
Then I'd suggest The Looking Glass Wars. It's a romance novel.
Sure, Youth in Revolt was written by Steve Kloves and released in 2011. It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Andrew Garfield starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield. It's a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy films?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man?
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a self-help book written bydale carnegie.
I would recommend The Handmaid's Tale, or The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. Stephen R. Covey also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Jack Reacher is a Thriller and was written by Christopher Nolan. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
There is Jack Reacher also starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Robert Duvall.
Yes, he's a very talented singer. Did you know he is a musician and a musician?
Yes, I do. Did you know he is a musician and a musician?
Okay, I'll add them to your playlist.
Did you like Ratatouille because it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Do you like the author because of the genre or the actors in it?
You're welcome.
Sure, Se7en was written by Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Would you like to know more about those?
If you like crime Thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
I'm not sure who stars in Zodiac but it's a thriller.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
I have not, but I can tell you that Paula McLain is the author of Paris Wife.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written in English. I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress. Did you know she starred in What's Your Number??
I like Stronger because she is a singer, a singer, and a singer.
I don't know if she has any celebrity fans, but I do know that she has a lot of celebrity fans like Kelly Clarkson.
Yes, I do. I like reality television. I like reality TV.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about this book?
Sure, Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Invisible Man. Both are great books.
You're welcome.
Sure, Terry George directed The Princess and the Frog, which is a drama film.
It is a historical period drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama, written by Terry George.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like history movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a historical period drama.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote We Were Liars and We Were Liars.
The Castle was released in 1933 and is a speculative fiction novel.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome.
I don't know too much about his latest film he directed, but I do know that he directed The Goonies.
Catch Me If You Can is a drama/mystery film. Steven Spielberg starred in Catch Me If You Can. Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye. Do you like dramas?
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote Three Cups of Tea. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, it was directed by Paula Hawkins and released in 2015
You're welcome!
Sure, Kiera Cass wrote The Sirens of Titan and The Sirens of Titan.
The Siren is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Siren is a good one for her. The Queen is a young-adult fiction novel.
Sure, The Modern Prometheus is written by Modern Prometheus and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Modern Prometheus, which is a historical period drama.
He's been in a number of movies, including The Incredible Hulk, The Return of the King, and The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, she was in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, Walt Frazier was also a point guard, he was also a point guard
Yes, they become point guards as well. Do you know if they are a basketball player?
The Scorch Trials is a science-fiction book written by Steven Cummings. Do you like science-fiction books?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a science fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
The Planet of the Apes stars Jennifer Lawrence and Kevin Spacey. Would you like to know more?
Volcano is a Thriller, starring Tom Cruise, and Robert De Niro. It's a thriller.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, they were both in it as well. Do you like her movies?
Missy Eliot was the lead in Moulin Rouge.
You're welcome
I know he's a soccer player, but I don't know much about him. What do you know about him?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. I prefer American Football.
I don't know much about soccer. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I do. I like American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I think they will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Sure, Alan Rickman starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Do you like it because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
If you like crime/thrillers, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield starred in it? It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, Abigail Breslin also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Would you like to see it?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do like his music. Did you know he is a singer and a musician?
Yes she won the American Idol Award for Best Pop Album of the Year
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you a fan of her work?
It was released in 2010. It's a young-adult fiction.
Do you like Ender's Game because it is a science fiction book?
Speakers of the Dead is a speculative fiction book
Waylander was written by George R.R. Martin
You're welcome
Do you like Aladdin because it's a comedy or a comedy?
The Princess and the Frog was directed by Robert Mark Kamen
You're welcome
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
The Edge of Glory was released in 1996, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Did you know Lady Gaga was a singer and actress?
I love Coldplay! Did you know that it was written by Mike Thurmeier?
That's a good one! Did you know that Coldplay was produced by John Lennon?
Yes, they were. Amsterdam is a great place for music.
Sure, he starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie.
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in a movie called Wedding Belles?
You are welcome.
Sure, Kahil Gilbran wrote You've Been Warned, The Power of Habit.
The Prophet falls under genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released in 2004. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he's a singer, singer, and actress.
Yes, he is a famous singer, songwriter, songwriter, lyricist, and a lot of others.
It is a pop genre. Do you like pop genres?
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Taken 2. Have you seen it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1960
I'll add it to your list.
Do you like the Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama/mystery.
William Joyce also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy.
You are welcome
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Mike Starr starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen those?
The Last Dragon is a drama, do you like it because it is a comedy?
It was written by Richelle Mead.
It's a great movie! It's a great movie. Did you know that he also starred in a lot of movies?
I am not sure, but Stephen Hunter and Jonathan Lemkin starred in the film.
Yes, Tate Donovan and Jonathan Lemkin starred in the tv series The O.C.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like Godfather because it was written by Francis Ford Coppola or because it was a comedy?
Have you seen The Godfather 2? It's a great crime movie.
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is a crime movie.
Sure, Maleficent is a Thriller starring Emma Stone and Robert De Niro.
Sure, Angelina Jolie also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
Mr. and Mrs. Smith was in the movie Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
Yes, he was in Wedding Crashers. Did you know that?
Yes, Owen Wilson was in Wedding Crashers too. He was in it too.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he is a German footballer. He plays midfielder position.
He plays for the Germany national football team. He's a midfielder.
Yes, he's a soccer player. He's a forward and forward.
I don't know, but I do know that he is a player from Spain.
Yes, he is a Spanish professional football player.
Do you like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring because it is a fantasy movie?
Yes, he was in Edge of Tomorrow. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of Edge of Tomorrow.
Did you know that Bill Murray also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
I hope you enjoy it!
I like 500 Days of Summer. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a murder mystery. Did you know that Joseph Gordon-Levitt starred in it?
Pacifier is a great movie. I think you should check it out. It is a great movie.
Yes, Margaret Stohl is a writer, poet, and author.
Sure, she wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a romance novel.
Yes, it did. Beautiful Darkness was directed by Margaret Stohl. It's a romance novel.
I like the Yankees, but I don't know much about the Yankees. Who is their coach?
George Steinbrenner is from the United States of America.
Sure, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure who produced it but I do know that Michael Pavone produced it
Michael Pavone also produced Insomnia which is a comedy.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Inside Out is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes Bruce Dern and Michael Rapaport all starred in Inside Out.
Yes, it starred Will Hunting. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Robin Williams also wrote Good Will Hunting as well as Good Will Hunting.
Yes, they both starred in The People Speak and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a football team based in Oakland.
Yes, he's a good player. I think he's a good player.
Yes, I like the Steelers. I've been a fan since they won Super Bowl XL.
Are you a fan of the Thrillers because it is a fantasy?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare
The Women of Brewster Place is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, she is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Dark Lover was written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about it?
The Mist was also released in 2005 and the Maze Runner was directed by Paula Hawkins.
If you like that, you should check out Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale. Both are great choices.
Sure, can I help you with anything else?
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a horror film. It's a drama/mystery film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for a specific genre.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in Wreck-It Ralph
The Invasion is a great movie! The Invasion stars Tom Clancy and Morgan Freeman. Would you like to know more about it?
She also starred in The Invasion. Have you seen that one? It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
I know a little about him, he's a basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like basketball?
Cadillac Records is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Lady Gaga is a talented singer. Did you know she starred in Gaga's Love Story? She's a very talented actress.
No, I haven't seen it. Did you know Bradley Cooper starred in The Muppets?
The Muppets also stars Will Smith, Will Smith, and Will Smith.
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer?
It's a young-adult fiction novel written in 1943. It was released in 1943.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is also written by Victor J Stenger, do you know him?
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, would you like to know more about it?
Sure, Orlando Bloom starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, The Return of the King, and The Hobbit.
I don't think he starred in Zulu, did you know Zulu was written by J.K. Simmons?
You're welcome.
Yes, Sylvia Plath is a singer-songwriter and author. Do you like her music?
He's a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I like Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler in that movie. What about you?
That's a great movie! Harold Ramis also wrote Hot Tub Time Machine. Have you seen it?
Eric Bress wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, which is a Thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Now You See Me because it is a thriller or a crime fiction?
The Pelican Brief is a drama/mystery/mystery/mystery/mystery film. Do you like those types of movies?
The Pelican Brief is a crime/action film that was released in 2015. It is also a film.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a comedy or a crime fiction?
Young Adult films are highly recommended. You might also enjoy The Incredibles or The Incredibles.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy drama and stars Bradley Cooper.
I don't know any new movies starring Bradley Cooper, but I do know that he's in the movie The Manchurian Candidate starring Bradley Cooper.
I'm not sure if he's in any comedy movies, but John Maldovich also starred in The Hangover.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, it was released in 2012. It's a drama/mystery film.
Sure, you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee
Have a great day.
Sure, do you like Pride and Prejudice because it's a romance novel?
Lullaby was written by Margaret Stohl.
Chuck Palahniuk also wrote Lord of the Flies, which is another good one.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by J.J. Abrams?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in it? I'm sure you'd love it.
Yes, Peter Gallagher also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Rocky is a war film. Do you like war films?
Sylvester Stallone also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It is a war film. Do you like war films?
You're welcome.
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is written by Sara Gruen?
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 1926.
You're welcome.
Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm more of a basketball fan, but I don't know much about basketball. What is your favorite player?
What sportsmen do you like to watch?
Oh yes, he is a great player. What do you think about him? I love the Lakers!
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time was written by Mark Twain.
Mark Haddon also wrote Xenocide which is a comedy-drama.
Sure, do you like Godfather because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson?
The Godfather Part II was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Tom Cruise.
Yes, The Godfather Part II is a war film and Apocalypse Now.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Princess and the Frog?
Do you like this movie because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, I recommend Wildcats with Goldie Hawn
Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You're welcome
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote Meg Cabot's book, Meg Cabot's work. Did you know he was born in London?
Underworld is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes. Meg Cabot wrote Underworld: Underworld: Global Cooling and Underworld: Global Cooling. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Do you like Insomnia because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Amityville Horror is a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It came out in 2012. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Craig Ferguson starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen it?
Sure, he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Saving Grace was released in 2005.
Yes, Simona Halep is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Simona Halep is a tennis player.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Serena is a tennis player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a football team based in Oakland.
That's a good one. I also like the San Diego Chargers. Do you like comedies?
That's a book. It's a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
127 Hours is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
James Franco also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Spider-Man is a great movie with James Franco. He was also in The Avengers and The Avengers.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like his work?
It is a war film. Do you like war films?
You're welcome.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like watching cricket?
Yes, it's a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about cricket, but I know Virat Kohli is from Bangalore.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by J.J. Abrams and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, C.S. Lewis wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair.
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like to read it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan
Yes, do you like the author J.M. Barrie?
Sure, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was made into a movie, and it was released in 1904.
The Sea Wolf is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sure, The Sea Wolf was written by John Green and is a fantasy novel.
Male is a young-adult fiction novel. It was released in 1905.
He wrote сска и овести.
Eecbl was also written by Richard Pevear.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
The Cabin in the Woods is written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about it?
Kristen Connolly is the author of The Cabin in the Woods.
Yes it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Do you like Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Superhero movies like Batman v Superman, you should check out Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Sure, Michael Bay also directed Transformers and The Lost World: Jurassic Park.
Yes, Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi. Would you like to know more about it?
2006 was also the year Zoolander was released.
The Blind Side is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Blind Side is considered a Biography. Other Biographies you might like include The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity.
It's a biographical film. Sean Penn directed and produced by Sean Penn and Sean Penn.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she is a great tennis player. I like her sister, Serena better. How about you?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Venus was born in Los Angeles?
Serena is my doubles partner, Serena. Venus has a sister named Serena.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tom Hanks?
Woman in Gold is a thriller and The Proposal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was great in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is also a Romance.
Do you like it because it is a mystery or a crime movie?
It was directed by Ridley Scott. Do you like his work?
It's a great movie. It's a drama/mystery film.
Reece Ritchie and Richard Coyle were in it.
Yes, I love Superman Returns. Did you know it was written by Steven Cummings?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Superman movies?
You should check out You've Got Mail. It's a superhero movie.
Tom Hanks also stars in You've Got Mail, an Indie Film.
I'll add it to your watch list.
You're welcome.
Do you like Deception Point because it is a thriller or a Thriller?
Techno-thriller has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
what else can i answer for you today?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life or the World's Worst Dog?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The Wide Window has a genre of Thriller, Comedy, and Comedy.
OK. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yes, Slippery Handle wrote Slippery Slope. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
I haven't read Outlander, but I know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is a scientist and author. Do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
The second book in the Outlander series is My Own Heart's Blood.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, I like the Fédération Internationale de Football Association. What is your favorite sport?
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was great in that movie. Did you know Hayden Panettiere was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Roland Emmerich directed The Three Musketeers which is a drama film.
Independence Day is a war film. Do you like war films?
Adam Baldwin also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Madonna's Wedding Date?
I like Papa Don't Preach. I think he's a favorite artist.
Thrillers are What's Your Number and What's Your Number.
I like the New York Jets, but I don't know much about the Jets. Who is their coach?
I don't really follow football, but I do know that the Jets are part of the NFC East.
I know that the Jets made a lot of money in their contracts. I think the Jets will make a lot of money.
Yes, Guy Ritchie is a writer, director, and director. He wrote Snatch which is a comedy.
It's a mystery/mystery film. It's also considered a thriller and a thriller.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, I have heard of them. They are a science fiction speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
They are very popular in the K-pop generation. I haven't heard much about them, but I know they are a very popular band of artists.
That's a good one! It's a very popular song from South Korea. It's about the Vietnam War.
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Did you know he was also in Deadpool?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in X-Men 2.
Do you like Eminem because he is a rapper or a rapper?
Yes, he is. Did you know that Snoop Dogg was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, he did. It's a thriller and a suspense movie.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Time Bandits is a comedy/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is a comedy/mystery/mystery/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
She was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Secret History: The Secret History of a Man Called Horse and The Secret History of a Murderer.
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Sure, Michael Bay starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know much about Transformers, but if you like sci-fi, you should check out Zoolander. It's a good one.
Yes, it is. Do you like Dwayne Johnson movies?
Thx is a horror film.
Yes, he is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What sport do you like?
Yes, I do. I like American Football. I like American Football.
I think it's a good team. I think it's worth a try.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in What's Your Number. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Babysitting. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on the actresses.
I'm sure you will love it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife
Time Traveler's Wife is a Thriller.
Stanlee is the author of Stanlee.
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Memento was written by Jorja Fox and released in 2012.
Yes, he wrote the movie Memento, which is a thriller.
Added to your watch list.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like the New England Patriots. Who is your favorite is the New England Patriots.
I don't know much about the Cowboys. Who is their coach?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Did you know that Victor Hugo also wrote Les Miserables?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that he wrote Les Miserables.
Do you like Deadpool because it is a superhero film?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a great movie starring Matt Damon and Ryan Reynolds.
Deadpool was released in 2012. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like American Football. What about you?
What sport do you like to watch?
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
Yes, he was in Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, Step Brothers is a Thriller and a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Did you know that John C. O'Brien starred in Step Brothers?
It was released in 2012. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a novel.
Yes, he is. He is a composer and poet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech and The King's Speech. Have you seen those?
The King's Speech was rated R.
The King's Speech was released in 2011.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos.
That's interesting. I think he's a good player.
That's interesting! I've been a fan since they won Super Bowl XXIV.
Nicolas Cage starred in it. Do you like him?
I love Rihanna. Did you know she's a singer, singer, and actress?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like her movies?
You should. Liam Neeson also starred in Monsters University.
Yes, AB de Villiers is a singer, songwriter, and athlete.
He is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Gospel is a great album.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know that it was written by George R.R. Martin?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was also a director?
Yes, Olivia Munn was in The Pirates of the Caribbean. Did you know she was also a director?
I think you'll enjoy it.
Are you a fan of the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Sure. Do you like Juraissic because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, he is. Other science fiction movies include, Where the Sidewalk Ends, and X-Men: First Class.
I don't know, but Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, you might like The Hunger Games or The Witch of Blackbird Pond
Yes, Ryan Reynolds starred in Starship Troopers, which is an action film.
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and Wizard and Glass.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom. Do you like Winston Groom movies?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
I think he's a good player
Yes they are going to make the playoffs this year
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer and a singer.
Yes, she is a good singer
That's a good one, I think Liam Neeson was great in Skarsgard brothers
Yes, he wrote Iglesias. He wrote Iglesias, which is a song of his.
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
I am not sure what her latest album, but Euphoria was released in 2016.
Sure, Charlotte Bront wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read them?
It's a novel that was released in 1847. It's considered a satire.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is written by Robin Buss. Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo which was released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven was written by Robin Buss
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Sure, she wrote Station Eleven. Station Eleven was released in 2014.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Yes, that's a great one. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote the book and directed it. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
King Richard the Second was written by Robert Jackson
King Richard the Second was released 1818
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
The Notebook is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yea, it was written by Sara Gruen and was released in 2012.
Of course. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know that Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet was written by Jamie Lee?
That's a good one. Did you know it was released in 2015?
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That's a good one. It was released in 1926.
Do you like Batman Begins because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Hunger Games, which also starred Michael Caine and Michael Caine.
Morgan Freeman also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, do you like the book because it's a mystery or a mystery?
It's a mystery book written by John Grisham. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, James Patterson wrote The Crow Road and The Dark Knight. You might also enjoy The Dark Knight.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. He is a writer, poet, and author.
Thomas Hardy wrote a book called Into the Wild which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Silkworm.
You are welcome.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
It is speculative fiction
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another great adventure book
The Goonies is a fantasy book
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.K. Rowling books?
Yes, it was. Simmons is a writer and author.
Yes, Dan Simmons also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Return of the King.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Billy Bob Thorton also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Hudson Hawk. Did you know James Coburn also starred in X-Men 2.
They are both great comedies that you might enjoy.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
I think Damian Lillard is a good player. Did you know he is from Oakland?
I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
He is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
Sure, do you like books by J.D. Salinger or the genre Young-adult fiction?
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like K-Pop music?
Yes, R&B is a classical music from South Korea.
I don't know any of their music, but I do know Shakira is from South Korea. She's a singer, singer, singer, and actress.
The Poisonwood Bible is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1958.
I would recommend World Without End, if you like historical fiction, it is a great read.
Okay, I'll add that one to your list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Looper is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like thrillers?
yes he is. what else can i answer for you today?
have a good day
Do you like A Beautiful Mind because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, he also directed The Beautiful Mind, which is a great movie.
You're welcome.
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Gilroy
Tony Goldwyn also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
Someone Like You is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004.
Yes, it is. Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you more about Afraid of Virginia.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma and Emma.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, and The White Queen.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, The White Queen is a historical fiction book
You're welcome
It's a sports team. It's a sports team.
I'm not sure who they play this week, but I know they're coached by Mike Shanahan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
Yes, I like Wally Lamb. Did you know Wally Lamb was a writer and author?
Yes, it was written by Wally Lamb. It's a fiction novel. Do you like Fiction novels?
That's a good one. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
The Miami Dolphins are a good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Who is yours?
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Part III stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
It was released in 2001. Would you like to know anything else?
You're welcome.
Yes, I agree. I like her song What's Your Number. What is your favorite song?
Did you know that she starred in the children's television series Victorious?
I think Zoey 101 also starred in Zoey 101.
Yes, she was. She also starred in the children's television show The Secret Life of Bees.
Downfalls is written by Downfall. It's a war film. Do you like war films?
Windtalkers is a war film, about the code of the code they used in the war film, Windtalkers.
I'll add it to your watch list.
The Catchter in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you should check out Catchter in the Rye. It's a Historical period drama.
Sure, I can add Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother to your list.
You're welcome!
Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Incredible Hulk?
Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck-It Ralph. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome!
I think they are a good team. I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think about them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a coach for the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, Wes Anderson wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Owen Wilson played the role of The Royal Tenenbaums.
Yes, Owen Wilson plays a minor role in the film.
Justin Rose is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a golfer from England.
I don't know much about him, but he is a golfer from England.
Yes, Virginia Woolf is a writer and author. She wrote The Thin Red Line.
Yes, she is a writer. Some of her most popular works are The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
To The Lighthouse was released in 1851.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans. He is a point guard for the Miami Heat.
Yes, I am a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers. The Brooklyn Nets is a basketball team based in Philadelphia.
Sure, Shelly Duvall starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen any of those?
Time Bandits is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Michael Mann directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he has. Michael Mann also directed The Shawn Hatosy which is a drama film.
Yes, Tom Cruise is a great actor. It's a great movie.
Did you know that Frances Mayes is a writer, poet, and author?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, she is a very talented singer and actress. She starred in a lot of TV shows, do you like her music?
Yes she is in Valentine's Day, do you like her music?
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Yes, he's a good athlete. He's a good athlete. He's a good athlete.
Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland and Night Star.
Shadowland is a fantasy novel written by her. She also wrote Shadowland. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, James Rodriguez is a point guard for the Colombia national football team. Do you like him?
Yes I like American Football. Do you like American Football?
I like Radamel Falcao, he is a good athlete. I think he is a good athlete.
Sure, Dead Poets Society is written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Dead Poets Society is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he wrote Dead Poets Society. It's a drama/teen film.
Well, if you like Drama, you should check out The Martian Chronicles. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Tiffany is a singer, songwriter and a screenwriter.
Yes, J.K. Rowling did. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, Parts One and Two, Parts One and Two.
Yes, it was made into a movie. Do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
Milan Kundera wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a Romance Novel.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity-the story was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity.
Yes, the Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Supremacy has a genre of Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Laura Hillenbrand wrote Never Let Me Go. Have you read it?
She also wrote Unbroken: A House of Night Novel.
Sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that there is a book called Seabiscuit.
Yes, James Mangold directed Walk the Line, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Reese Witherspoon starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
Yes, it did. Did you know that Joaquin Phoenix also starred in Walk the Line?
Yes, I would recommend Walk the Line. It's a great Romance Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to hear about other books by him?
The Sun Always Rises was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
Sure, Jason Cope starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Spud is a comedy and Dredd is a comedy
Yes, he is in a romance movie
Spud also stars Jason Cope
Yes, he directed The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a drama and The Last Tempest of Christ is a crime fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rob Riggle is an actor. He starred in The Hangover and The Hangover.
The Other Guys is a comedy-drama and also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure, Morgan Freeman starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Ned Bellamy also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a crime fiction.
Yes Jonathan Hyde is also in The Green Hornet.
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Aviator?
That's a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
James Cameron also starred in The Prestige and The Prestige.
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a comedy/mystery movie. Do you like comedies?
Well, 50/50 is based on the actors, who starred in 50/50. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio also starred in the movie The House of Seven Gables which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, the Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are. The Washington Wizards are a basketball team.
Yes, Nanking is a movie starring Stephen Dorff and Woody Harrelson.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Laura Ingles Wilder is a writer and author?
Yes, The Long Winter is a romance novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
If you like historical fiction, you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Sure, I can order it for you now.
Sure, Erik Larson wrote Winter's Tale, which is a speculative fiction novel.
Okay, if you haven't read Coming of Age, you should check out Coming of Age. It's a drama.
It's a great book, written by Christopher Bigsby. It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it's a good book.
One child's Courage to Survive was written by Richard Matheson.
Sure, Save Pelzer wrote One Child's Courage to Survive, which was released in 1980.
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in Troy, a crime fiction film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Jay Leno also starred in Underdog.
The Pacifier was released in 2001.
You're welcome.
The Devil Wears Prada is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
The main characters in the movie are Laurence Fishburne, Laurence Fishburne, and Laurence Fishburne
Sure, you might like The Wedding Planner, which is also a romance film.
I am not sure who directed it but it is a Romance Film.
Water for Elephants was released in 2011
You're welcome.
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
He is a football player. He plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Yes, Colombia national football team is a great team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I know he's a midfielder.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a very good movie. It's a very good movie. It's a very good movie.
Sure, do you like As Good as It Gets because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Terms of Endearment is a comedy/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
I think they are a pretty good team. They're owned by Wayne Weaver.
The Jacksonville Jaguars owner is John Fox.
Who owns the Jaguars? I like American Football.
Saina Nehwal is a professional cricketer. She plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, she did. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
He's from India. He's a great swimmer.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Notebook and The Notebook.
It was released in the English language.
I am not sure about his contributions to films, but I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks is a scientist and a scientist.
Yes, he was a screenwriter and producer as well.
Tony Hendra is a comedian and a comedian.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Kill Bill was directed by Quentin Tarantino. It's a crime fiction film.
Yes she is. She starred in it. She's a great actress.
You're welcome!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The main character in the film is John Green. It's an Indie film.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, it is a romance/drama film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb is a singer-songwriter and author. Do you like her?
Yes, Veronika did write Veronika. She is a writer and poet.
That's a good one. Paulo Coelho directed The Alchemist.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
Peter Pan is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1929.
Yes, you might like The Great Gatsby. It was also released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925. Would you like to read it?
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by J.J. Abrams?
Jane Eyre is a young-adult fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, Charlotte Bronte also wrote Jane Eyre. Would you like to read it?
Villette is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, which is also Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
This Lullaby is a young-adult fiction novel. Sarah Dessen is also a writer.
Marc Webb wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Steve Kloves starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, and the Half-Blood Prince.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a cricket player.
AB de Villiers played for the South African national team. Did you know he was born in Johannesburg?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who starred in this movie, but Baz Luhrmann also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
The Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Princess and the Frog is a historical period drama and a historical period drama. You should check it out!
That's a good one! It's a very dark one. It was written by Richard Kelly.
The Call of the Wild is written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, you might like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
To Build a Fire is a book that was released in 1922.
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Are you a fan of her work?
Walking Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Jennifer Lawrence starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Robert De Niro was in it as well as Jennifer Lawrence
Meet the Parents is a comedy and a comedy.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the Cardinals, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think about them?
I don't know much about the Saints in the NFC West, but I do know that they are a good team.
Did you like Beloved because it was written by Toni Morrison or because it was a drama?
Did you like Tombstone because it was written by Tombstone?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Billy Bob Thornton starred in Love Actually.
I love her music. Did you know she is a singer and a musician?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a singer, singer and songwriter.
Did you know Nicolas Sparks also starred in The Last Song?
Sure, do you like the book because it's a romance novel?
The Lucky One is a romance novel. Nicholas Sparks wrote it. Do you like romance novels?
The Notebook was made into a movie. The Notebook was made into a movie. The Notebook was made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Do either of those interest you?
It's a Thriller.
Yes, it is a drama film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, I will send Queen Victoria now.
The Fast and the Furious is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
There is Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious 2.
The Fast and the Furious stars Jennifer Lawrence and Michelle Pfeiffer.
You're welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
Do you like World War Z because it's a war film?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that Kurt Vonnegut Jr is a writer.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Vonnegut's autobiography.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard. He was a point guard as well.
That's interesting. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, I like Sam Smith. Did you know he starred in The Bodyguard?
Sam Smith is a good singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
Yes, it is. Emile Zola is a screenwriter and playwright.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I didn't know that, did you know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by Madison Square Garden?
I like the Philadelphia sports teams. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you heard of them?
It was written by Chris Weitz. It is a comedy-drama.
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced American Pie.
Do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, I have seen Zodiac. It's a thriller.
Yes, I like him as an actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he's also a director?
I'm not sure about all the Marvel movies. But if you like action films, you should check out Shark Night.
I think they are a great basketball team, but I think they are a good team. Do you like basketball?
That's a great basketball team. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I didn't know that, but I know that Jada Pinkett Smith is the owner of the basketball team The Miami Heat.
Oh yes, I love him! I loved him in the movie, he's a great actor.
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it was released in 1818.
Madame Bovary was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to hear about similar books?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm not sure who else wrote it, but Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more?
Sure, a couple of Kevin Spacey's movies are White Squall and The House of Mirth
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, I agree. She's a good athlete.
I agree, she's a good actress.
Yes, Ridley Scott wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
All the Money in the World was written by him
Sure, All The Money in the World was written and directed by Ridley Scott
I don't know what else he has done, but I know he is a writer, director and director.
You're welcome
Shakira wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. She is a singer-songwriter.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Shakira won Love in the Time of Cholera for the Time of Cholera for the Time of Cholera
I love Coraline. I think it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by James Dashner?
It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you like that genre, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It's a very good movie.
Wicked City was written by John Gaiman. It's a Thriller and is a Thriller.
Sure, Margaret Atwood wrote Gone with the Wind. Gone with the Wind is a good one.
Wilson Rawls is a writer and he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you heard of it?
Wilson Rawls has also written children's book Where the Red Fern Grows
It was released in 1937
You are welcome
You're welcome
Do you like the Notebook because it's a romance novel?
I'm not sure if he wrote any other romance novels, but he also wrote The Notebook.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote moby dick and, The Whale.
Yes, it was released in 1851
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered Children's Literature and Children's Literature as well as Children's Literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class.
Surviving Picasso is a historical period drama, do you like this genre?
Surviving Picasso also starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
Sure, he wrote The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like his work?
Sure, hope you enjoy
Danny Boyle wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. Do you like Trance movies?
127 Hours is a comedy/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in Troy, a crime fiction film. Would you like to know more about it?
I think he is married to Angelina. She starred in the movie Troy.
Sure, you might also like The Incredible Hulk, starring Brad Pitt
Robert Duvall is also in that movie
You are welcome
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Sure, Chris Evans starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, she is a great athlete. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Do you like Oldboy because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Philip Pullman is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote Lord of the Flies, which is one of my favorites.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung.
Die Verwandlung has genre Thriller and was released in 1915. Do you like thrillers?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Mike Colter also starred in Take Chance. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in The Forgotten.
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in Taking Chance?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a thriller and a suspense movie. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who the cast is. I know it was written by Robert Wade.
I'm not sure about the year it was released.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome.
Do you like sci-fi or adventure films?
Tom Tykwer also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Wolf Brother.
Charlize Theron also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse
You're welcome
Charlize Theron also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, some of my favorites are Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class.
Okay, I'll add it to your watch list.
That's a great movie! It's a great movie. Did you know it was written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you heard of it?
The Day of the Jackal is a thriller. It's also considered a thriller and a psychological thriller.
Yes, Anne Frank wrote The Fault in Our Stars which Anne Frank wrote.
The Diary of a Young Girl was written by Anne Frank. Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
The Diary of theodore Roosevelt was written by Franklin D. Roosevelt and Anne Frank. The Bell Jar was released in 1851.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a film starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you liked Surf's Up, you might also enjoy the Avengers: Age of Ultron.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Matthew McConaughey is the director of this movie.
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie. Do you like football?
Angelo Pizzo was the writer of the movie. He was also in the movie A Bug's Life.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional football team based in Tampa Bay, Florida.
Yes, he did. I'm more of a Bears fan. Do you like them?
You're welcome!
Yes, I agree. She is a very good athlete. She is a forward and forward.
I like American Football. I like American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins, but my favorite is the Redskins.
Sure, do you like the movie Scream because it is a comedy or a crime fiction?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3 and Sarah Sarah.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
The Matrix was written by Matrix and stars Keanu Reeves and Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
V for Vendetta is a drama/mystery film. Do you like dramas?
It is a fantasy. Do you like adventure?
Sure, Cornelia Funke also wrote Tintenblut and Cornelia Funke. Do you like her work?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Tale of Two Cities. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a romance novel.
The King Kong was written by Stephen King. Stephen King starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: Lord of the F and also starred in many movies. Would you like
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner and was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Human Stain and The Human Stain.
The Five Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter.
Gary Chapman is a singer, singer, and actor. He is a singer, songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he's also a musician?
Yes, he is a musician, lyricist, lyricist, lyricist
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
Wonderful Life is a great Romance film, do you like Romance movies?
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
It is in the English language.
it is in English.
I do not have one in the English language.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958
That's a crime drama. Would you like to watch it?
American Hustle is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo is written by James Patterson.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. That's a good one.
You are welcome.
The Washington Redskins is a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. Do you like football?
Did you know that they are coached by Dwight Schar?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know that Dwight Schar also coached the Redskins.
Sure, do you like comedy movies?
Easy is written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. Do you like her work?
It's a drama, released in 2012. Do you like dramas? Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are.
Sure, Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are, Breakable and Breakable.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Steven Soderbergh directed The Republic of Love and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Joseph Kanon starred in The Good German.
He also starred in The Good German, which was written by Steven Kanon.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back which is a thriller.
It was released in V for Vendetta in V for Vendetta in 2005.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Well, it's a fiction novel. It's about the life of a young man who lives in a small town in the town of Gwyneth Paltrow.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye of the World is a fantasy novel written by Jeffrey Eugenides. Do you like fantasy books?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wilde and Wilde
Rules of attraction and Return to Paradise was released in 2009.
You might like Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome.
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read any of these?
Yes, Leo wrote that as well as Leo, Leo is a writer and poet.
Yes, it was a great history of Great Britain.
Yes, Gnghis Khan is also a writer and poet.
Great, have a great day!
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Adam Sandler was the producer. Did you know he also produced The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure who else is in it, but Adam Sandler was in it as well.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Yes, JK Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Would you like to know more?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a children's literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Would you like to know more about this author?
Fantastic Beasts was written by JK Rowlings. It's a Thriller and was released in 2012.
Yes it is a speculative fiction book.
Michael O'Nell starred in Water for Elephants which is a drama/mystery.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/mystery film. Do you like dramas?
I like crime dramas. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, I like the Spanish Football Team. What team do you like about him?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy or a comedy?
It was released in 2011. Todd Phillips also starred in the Hangover Part II.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Frances Mayes. Do you like his work?
Midnight in Paris is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, I like murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
Yes, that is a murder mystery. Do you like murder mysteries?
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Persuasion was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about the book?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, it's written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Lindsay Sloane starred in Horrible Bosses. She is a writer and actor.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
I think he's a good tennis player. Did you know he is from Switzerland?
I do. Did you know Stan Wawrinka is from Switzerland?
I'm not sure if there's a specific player you like to watch, but I do know that Stan Wawrinka is from Switzerland.
Cornelia Funke wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty, and Three Wishes.
You might also like Inkheart, which was written by Cornelia Funke
Yes, she wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Sure, Gary Paulsen wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
If you like the River, you should check out The River. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Shawn Levy directed The Time Traveler's Wife which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
It stars Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Did you like the Untouchables because it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
If you like Crime Fiction, you should check out The Hunger Games. It's a crime fiction movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
If you like Crime Fiction, you should check out The Hunger Games. It's very good.
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
Yes, the England national football team plays the midfielder position
Alice Walker is a writer, poet, and author. Would you like to know more about her books?
Benjamin Franklin is a scientist, writer, and author. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome
I think he's a good football player. Did you know he's from Barcelona?
Yes, he won the European Football Team of the Year award.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that Bojan Krkic is from Barcelona.
Yes, he is a midfielder as well.
The Wise Man's Fear is a book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Wise Man's Fear.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a mystery novel.
You are welcome
Yes, The Elite is written by Kiera Casss and released in 2013.
The Siren is a film. Do you like movies written by her?
Kierra Cass also wrote The Siren which was released in 2016.
Kiera Cass produced the music for The Guard.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What genre do you like?
Do you like social Network because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote Wreck-It Ralph.
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Treasure Island. It's written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like him?
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, I can help you with anything else. I can help you with that.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know that it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Danny Aiello also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. The Godfather is a great movie.
You're welcome
Laura Hillenbrand is a writer, director, and author. Do you like her work?
The same author also wrote World War II Stories: A Story of Survival and Life of Pi.
Yes, it was written in 1851.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Aladdin was written by Walt Disney Pictures. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Lion King came out in 2012.
You're welcome.
The Sun Also Rises was written by Ernest Hemingway. He wrote The Sun Also Rises.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on his short stories.
The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1951.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is a musician and a musician?
yea i like him
Yes, he is a writer, director and director. Do you like his work?
White Oleander also starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like movies with Stephen King in it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1943.
It was released in 1945.
That's a great book! It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'll send it now.
Yes, Sharlto Copley is an author who wrote The Wise Man's Fear. Do you like her work?
The New York Knicks is a basketball team coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like basketball?
I've been to Madison Square Garden. Did you know that she was born in New York City?
They were the runner ups for the NBA Finals in the 2008 NBA Finals.
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
It was directed by Kazuo Ishiguro. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure if he wrote anything else he wrote, but I can tell you that alaska was born in Bogota.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a football player.
I don't know much about him, but I think he is a midfielder.
Yes, he is. Did you know he is from Germany?
Yes, he has a good stats, stats and stats. I think he is a good forward.
Gore Verbinski wrote Gore Verbinski. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rango is a western, but if you like westerns, you might also like The Incredible Hulk, or The Hangover.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige is a Thriller.
Yes, they did. Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Memento stars Hugh Jackman and Rosario Dawson
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige which is a drama film
You're welcome
Sure, L. Frank Baum wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and The Great Dune Trilogy.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more fantasy books?
Yes, Voyager is a children's literature. Other books in that genre are Ozma of Oz and Ozma of Oz.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is the author of Oz. She also wrote Ozma of Oz and Ozma of Oz.
I'm not sure if she's written any other romance novels, but if you like romance novels you should check out Zoolander.
You're welcome.
Winslet was released in 2014 and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
The Holiday was released in 2014.
The Pillars of the Earth is a historical period drama-drama film.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
yes she did, she is a great actress.
Sure, WALLE was written by Steven Cummings and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
I would recommend WALLE. It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
It's a sci-fi movie starring Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman.
State of the Union is a great movie! Brett Ratner also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you more about the X-Men movies.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, it's a young-adult fiction novel. Would you like to know about other young adult fiction books?
Sure, it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, she wrote Water for Elephants which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a children's literature.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ocean's Twelve is a drama/mystery film. Do you like dramas?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer. Do you like his work?
Yes, I do. I like football. How about you?
I like SC Freiburg because James Rodrigues is from my home town.
Paul Sorvino is a composer and actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he's a musician?
Yes, he wrote The Assassin and the Prisoner of Azkaban
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he is. He is also a film producer.
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Lisa See is a great author. She wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read any of her books?
China Dolls has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, Peony in Love, Peony in Love and China Dolls was released in 2014 and is about China Dolls.
You're welcome.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Grindhouse was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Would you like to know about other films he directed?
Reservoir Dogs is a comedy/mystery film released in 2011. It's a good movie.
It was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland and Reg Keeland.
Sure, Syeig Larsson also wrote Neverwhere and Neverwhere.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy was released in 2006 and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Parks is a singer, lyricist, and film director. Do you like his work?
Wicked is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good basketball player. What do you think about him?
He's a good basketball player. He's also a point guard. Do you like him?
I love Ghostbusters! My kids love Ghostbusters. Did you know that Bill Murray was in Ghostbusters?
Yes, he did. That's a great movie for kids.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel also starred in The Boy Next Door and The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, he was in A Man Apart. Did you know that he is also a film producer?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote a lot of children's literature. Some of Steinbeck's works are Wicked Lovely, Wicked Lovely, and Wicked Lovely.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he's also a director?
Yes he did, he also did a great job in the film
What Lies Beneath is considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are in the National Football League and owned by Steve Tisch.
I don't follow football too closely, but Eli Manning is a good Quarterback.
I like action thrillers like Shark Night, Shark Night, and Shark Night.
The Paris Wife is a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
Circling the Sun is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
drama. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. It's a romantic comedy.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Do you like Hotel Rwanda because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
It was written by Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom and Lord of War. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is a war film. Do you like war films?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are, Easy, Breakable and Breakable. Have you read those?
Where You Are was released in 2005.
Where You Are was also released in 2011 and was written by Quentin Tarantino
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Steven Cummings and Stephen King.
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Bourne Supremacy. Would you like to know more about it?
Twins of Evil is a horror film and Top Secret was directed by Peter Cushing. Do you like horror films?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by Stephen King. Would you like to know more?
I'll add it to your list.
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
While You Were Sleeping is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
It was written by Richie Richie Richie Richie Richie Richie Rich and Holes.
You're welcome.
Yes, Yaphet Kotto is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Thomas Crown Affair is an action film.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class
You're welcome
Hush Hush Hush is a basketball player, he is a point guard and athlete.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush
You're welcome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005.
Jeannette Walls has also written Silence of the Lambs.
The Silver Star is a memoir book released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He was also a writer and director.
Yes Kurt Russell also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Power, The Power, and The Joy Luck Club.
Rhonda Byrne was a writer and a film producer. Do you like her work?
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a film which was turned into a film.
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in Water for Elephants and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, it is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by J.K. Rowling and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think you might enjoy The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. It's a family friendly film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Still Alice was written by Still Alice. Would you like to know more about it?
Do you like Love Anthony because it is a thriller or a crime fiction?
I think you'll enjoy it.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, Mark Haddon is a film director and a film producer. He starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was adapted into a film.
Yes, he did. He also produced The Messenger which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Here Comes the Boom is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
Yes, Salma Hayek is a comedian.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leon. Do you like his work?
Then I'd recommend Once Upon a Time in the West. It's a historical period drama.
I'm not sure who stars in Nightcrawler. It's a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
I know a little about Heath Ledger, he's a scientist and a scientist. Do you like science-fiction?
The Order was released in 2005
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Heath Ledger was in it as well
You're welcome.
The Blind Side is a Thriller and was written by Robert Mark Kamen. It's a Thriller.
I can't think of any other movies based on Drama, but I can tell you that The Blind Side is based on the movie.
Money Ball was written by Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. It's a comedy drama film.
City of Ashes is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Sure, Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The City of Ashes.
Sure, Clockwork Angel was released in 2013 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, Alfonso Cuaron directed The Little Friend and The Little Friend.
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy films?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like young-adult fiction?
C.S. Lewis also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, and many more.
You are welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine and Yellow Submarine.
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know that?
Yes, he is a great player in Liverpool. He's a great player.
Yes, I do. I love Paul McCartney! He's such a great singer and singer.
Laurie Halse Anderson is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like her work?
Wintergirls is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, I will download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a singer-songwriter, singer, and actress. Do you like her music?
Yes, she has won several awards for her song, such as "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and "Kung Fu Panda."
Battleship is a drama/mystery.
Marc Forester starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It is a historical period drama, do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mockingjay is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good one. Would you like to read it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Overlander.
Jonathan Dayton is a writer. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine which is a thriller.
Yes, Elizabeth is a great movie. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, Elizabeth is a version of Elizabeth. Would you like me to add it to your list?
She is a very talented actress. She was also in Little Miss Sunshine, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't know any of his other books, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote To Have and Have Not, Have you heard of that one?
Yes, True Believer was made into a movie. It was also made into a movie, have you seen it?
Yes, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is also a drama and a crime fiction.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Revolution.
I'm not sure what other movies he starred in, but Jada Pinkett Smith also starred in The Matrix Revolutions which is a comedy.
I'm not sure if she has starred in any comedy, but I can tell you she was in a thriller movie called Mystic River.
Mystic River is directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome.
Yes, Simon West directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Did you know that Simon West also directed The Expendables 2?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on his recent movies.
You're welcome.
I think you'll enjoy it!
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, 2012 was written by M.L. Steadman and released in 2012.
Yes, I can. He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Yes, Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
My Cousin Rachel is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jamaica Inn was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. Do you like football?
They play in the New York Trilogy. What is your favorite stadium?
i am a big football fan. i like the Dallas Cowboys. what do you think about them?
I think he is a good coach. he is a good coach.
I think they will make it to the super bowl this spring.
Yes, he's a great singer, singer, and actress. Did you know he's also a musician?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Yes, I like it. I like his song When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Do you know that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that it is a comedy.
Yes, she is a doll that came to life. I think I'll watch it.
Sure, Joseph Sikora also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. It also starred Leonardo Dicaprio.
You're welcome.
Did you know that Frances Mayes wrote Where Rainbows End?
She is a poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet
You're welcome.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan of her work?
Toni Morrison is a writer, poet, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
The Bluest Eye is a fantasy novel.
Sure, you might like The Golden Compass or The Dark Knight
Enter's Game was written by Terry Pratchett
You are welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Do you like war films?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it is a historical period drama.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton wrote The Wrestler, which is a Thriller. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he also starred in The Walt Disney Company, which is a comedy.
Toy story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. Would you like to know who wrote it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Crucible is written by J.K. Rowling and is a Drama. Do you like Drama books?
Well, 2012 was written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich. Harald Kloser also wrote "The Great Gatsby".
You're welcome!
He's a great writer. Did you know he's a writer and director?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure what year it was released.
I'll play it for you now.
Yes, it was written by Nicolas Cage. Do you like thrillers?
Thekla Reuten also starred Emma Stone and Emma Stone. Do you know her?
Yes, he did. The Prince of Egypt is a historical period drama film and was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Sure, Chris Weitz wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen them?
He also wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
No, I haven't seen it. What genre do you like?
Sure, he directed The Messenger which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Nightingale is written by J.D. Salinger. Would you like to know more about it?
Kristin Hannah, Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Would you like to read it?
Yes, True Colors is also a film and a film. Do you like films in this genre?
I think he's a good tennis player. Did you know he starred in The Expendables 2?
The Expendables 2 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That's a good one. Did you know Hudson Hawk was written by John Lennon?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Woody Harrelson. Do you like his work?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas, which is a Children's literature.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know that Melissa Benoist starred in it?
Yes she did. Did you know she also starred in The Longest Ride?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, I have seen Men of Honor. Did you know Faster was directed by George Tillman?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I'm more of a Lakers fan, but I like the Lakers. I'm more of a Lakers fan.
I agree, they will win the Lakers.
She wrote ат овести and рат овести.
He wrote ат арамаов and арат.
You're welcome.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Then I would recommend The Notebook. It's a Romance novel.
Yes, it is written by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I think Pete Rozelle is a good player. I think he's a good player as well.
What sport do you like the most about Pete Rozelle?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a self help book. Do you like self help books?
You're welcome.
The Cuckoo's Calling was written by Robert Galbraith and released in 2013.
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Would you like to know more about her books?
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Human Stain and The Human Stain?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is a crime fiction. I think you'll like it.
Sure, do you like books written by Little House on the Prairie because it is a fantasy book?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie was written by Jane Austen, who also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She is a very talented tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, she did and she also starred in Hair Show.
I didn't know that. But, I know that she is a tennis player, right?
Yes, the Lost Symbol made the best seller list. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he is a great actor. Ron Howard also produced The Lost Symbol. He is a great actor.
Yes, Dan Brown wrote the Da Vinci Code and the Inferno.
Yes, Dan Brown produced The Da Vinci Code. The Inferno was directed by Ron Howard.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of his other movies.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know X-Men starred Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman stars in it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, you might like the Avengers: Age of Ultron, starring Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a historical period drama.
Yes, he wrote a book called Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey is a writer, a speculative, science-fiction author. Do you like that genre?
Sutton has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Children's Literature.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Mark Twain?
Thomas Lennon was also in The Ten, which is a comedy. Do you like him?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind was written by Gillian Flynn, would you like to know more about it?
Then I'd suggest Wreck-It Ralph. It's a historical period drama.
The Untouchables is a historical period drama and The New World was written by George R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome.
Did you know that The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song and The Last Song.
No, I haven't read it.
I don't know much about the K-pop band, but I know they are a K-Pop band.
Cornelia Funke wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty, and Three Wishes.
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote The Skulls. The Inkheart is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy or a comedy?
It's a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I know Mahendra Singh Dhoni Dhoni is an actor, actor and director. He starred in Hook Ya Crook.
What sport do you like to watch?
Robert Duvall was in Hook Ya Crook. He was also in Hook Ya Crook.
Sure, Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Virgin Blue, and The Virgin Blue
The Last Runaway was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
The BFG is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's literature. Do you like Children's literature?
Yes, Quentin Blake wrote Going Solo. It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are a football team. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Chronicles of Riddick, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
Do you like Dawn of the Planet of the Apes because it is a science fiction movie?
Yes, Stan Lee wrote The Incredible Hulk and also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk
You're welcome, enjoy!
Howls Moving Castle was written by Diana Wynne Jones and it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jon Favreau is known for To Kill a Mockingbird
Sure, Joe Johnston directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron. Have you seen it?
Yes, Chris Evans also starred in Captain America: The First Avenger.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Sharp Objects because it is a mystery or a suspense genre?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Flynn. She also wrote Sharp Objects and Sharp Objects. Do you like suspense?
It was made into a movie. Do you like movies written by Flynn?
What Do You Do was released in 2014, and it was written in English.
Yes, he wrote Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about his work?
Cold Blood is a drama and crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
Do you like sci-fi or action movies?
Artificial Intelligence is a science-fiction movie starring Bruce Willis and Kevin Spacey. Do you like science-fiction movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the book Eclipse: The Official Illustrated Movie Companion. Would you like to read it?
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampires?
Yes, she wrote the Twilight Series, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen any of those?
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller and a psychological thriller.
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Joseph Heller who also wrote Where the Heart Is.
Gap Creek is a young-adult fiction novel that was released in 1960. It is about a young woman who is a young woman who is a young woman who is a young woman.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Rickie is a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
Yes, I like it too. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in Happy Gilmore?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Princess and the Frog, which is a comedy.
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Situation also starred Kristin Hannah and Anne Hathaway.
The Situation is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The 5th Wave is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
It was released in 2016 and was directed by Rick Yancey.
The Last Star is also a science fiction book.
The Last Star is a mystery movie. It's also considered a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
I liked her in Valentine's Day, as well as Valentine's Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was in Valentine's Day, which was a great movie.
I like Ryan Reynolds, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
No, I haven't. I think you'd love it. It's a great movie.
Yes, it is a great movie with Ryan Reynolds. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. What about you?
Yes, I like his music too. What is your favorite song?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Nolan Funk starred in it. Did you know he also starred in Star Wars: Episode III?
He was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Return of the Jedi
Sure, do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Cummings and was released in 2008
Yes he did and 50 Dates was released in 2010
You're welcome
Sure, Victor Hugo is a soccer player, he's a point guard for the Colombia national football team.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1876.
Yes, it was considered a Gothic Fiction book.
You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a good one.
You're welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Yes, I like Sia Furler's music. Did you know she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Yes, he has a lot of songs. I like Sia's acoustic guitar and acoustic guitar. Have you heard of him?
Yea, he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
Sure, he starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a drama film.
You're welcome!
I'm more of a baseball fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
They're in the AFC West, right? I think they're doing good this season.
I think they will win the Super Bowl XLI.
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
I don't know much about the Nuggets either. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Space Jam was made into a movie. Did you know that he was born in Tacoma?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare.
It was released in 1922
You're welcome
I know she is a tennis player, but I don't know much about her.
Yes, Serena Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, she did. She was also in the 2012 Olympics.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I'm not sure if he did, but he did coach the New Orleans Saints.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
I like Mervyn Peake, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2012.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released in 1886.
Have you heard of The Witch of Blackbird Pond?
Twilight is a great book! It was written by Stephenie Meyer and Stephen King.
Sure, I will order it for you now.
There is Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, which is a great movie.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese was written by Kenneth H. Blanchard. Kenneth H. Blanchard starred in it.
Yes, it was released in 1998. It's a Non-fiction book.
You're welcome.
The Fountainhead was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you a fan of Nicholas Sparks?
Ayn Rand also wrote We the Living, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Dracula is written by Nina Auerbach and released in 1897. Are you a fan of her work?
Bram Stoker also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales from the same time period.
The Girl Next Door was written by Bram Stoker and is a horror book.
The Girl Next Door is a horror book. It was released in 1851.
Sure, Frances Mayes wrote The Princess and the Frog, which is a romance novel.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and Robert De Niro?
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know that Al Pacino also starred in The Godfather?
That's a great movie! It's a comedy-drama. It's a classic!
He also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Kevin Spacey also starred in Vampyres and Tomorrow Never Dies.
You're welcome.
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf. Have you heard of it?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
It is written in English and is in the Fantasy genre.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Terminator, The Order and The Order.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Lionheart is a comedy-drama film starring Tom Hanks. It is a historical period drama.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I can tell you it is an adventure film if you like adventure films.
Harrison Page starred in the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome
Sure, Martin McDonagh starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back which is a crime fiction film.
Seven Psychopaths is a great movie. Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller film. Do you like those types of movies?
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I agree, he is a great shooting guard. He won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
That's great! I think Willie Green is also a good shooting guard.
Sure, do you like the author or the genre?
Sure, do you like Alien because it is sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he did. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote a lot of horror films, such as The Hunger Games, The Hunger Games, and The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
Yes, The Project Effect was written by Graeme Simsion.
Yes, We Are Called to Rise was released in 2014.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Last Man in Rome.
I am not sure who else starred in Olympus Has Fallen, but Gerard Butler is great.
Danny Lerner has produced several films such as Olympus Has Fallen, a drama, and a biography.
War Inc was written by John Cusack.
Yes, he's a great singer and actress. Did you know he's also a musician?
That's a good one, did you know he was married to Gisele? She starred in a couple of movies?
I don't know if he is friends with Will Smith, but I think he is a celebrity friend with Will Smith.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like books by J.K. Rowling?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. F. Scott Fitzgerald also wrote The Great Gatsby.
Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and Cassandra Clare.
Yes, it is. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the Yankees, but I do know that they are in the American League East and in the American League East.
I don't know much about baseball, but I know he is a baseball player.
I am not sure, but I do know that George Steinbrenner was influenced by the Boston Red Sox and George Steinbrenner.
Yes Michael Jackson and Brittany Murphy both suffered cardiac arrests.
Yes, he is a composer and a screenwriter.
I think Saina Nehwal is a good athlete
That's interesting. Did you know that Saina Nehwal is from India?
That's interesting. Did you know that Saina Nehwal was from New York City?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Last Sacrifice was written by Nicholas Sparks?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, it was a fantasy adventure film starring Maggie Smith and Emma Watson
You're welcome.
Gillian Flynn wrote Gillian Flynn, have you read Gillian's Wife?
Sharp Objects is a Speculative fiction.
What about Sharp Objects? I don't know too much about it.
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote The Great Dune Trilogy.
Have you heard of the Psychological Thrillers by Robert C. O'Brien?
I'm not sure when it was published, but I can tell you that it was written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Then you might also like the X-Men series, which is also a family comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Jeffrey Eugenides. Are you a fan of him?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it is a fantasy movie?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Little Miss Sunshine. It's a drama/mystery. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Serving Sara is a Comedy-drama film that was released in 2005. It is also a comedy.
You're welcome!
I love Water for Elephants written by Sara Gruen. Are you a fan of the author, Sara Gruen?
Yes, I have read At the Water's Edge. Did you know it was written by Sara Guen?
Yes, it was written by Sara Guen and was released in 2015.
I think you'll enjoy it.
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Are you familiar with her work?
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
She starred in Walk the Line, Self/less and Walk the Line.
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in the movie Walk the Line.
Well, Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in Walk the Line.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Order of the Phoenix, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it is a sports team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who is your favorite Nets player?
My favorite Lakers player is the Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers fan?
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer, writer, and author. He wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
The End of Watch was released in 2001.
David Ayer also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a crime movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else about End of Watch.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, which is a great book.
Norton Juster also wrote To Have and Have Not, have you read that one?
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 1961.
Marion Zimmer Bradley is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Marion Zimmer Bradley is the author of the fantasy novel The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Last Stand, which is a comedy.
What If You Do is a romantic comedy and also starred John Ratzenberger.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Good Thief and The House of Seven Gables.
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I like O Brother, Where Art Thou. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
Sure, Joel Coen also wrote O Brother, Where Art Thou, which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Sure, he was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and Star Wars: Episode VI
Wally Lamb wrote Wally Lamb. Did you know that Wally Lamb was a writer and author?
Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story was released in 1960.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was written by Janet Evanovich and was released in 2012.
Ken Kesey wrote Never Let Me Go which is a book I have read.
Yes, he has written a lot of films, such as One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he was. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Leo dicaprio is a drama/mystery. Would you like to hear more about it?
Mark Wahlberg also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Would you like to know more about any of those?
Well, if you like Leo dicaprio, you should check out The Princess and the Frog.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, they both starred in Whalberg as well.
You're welcome
Yes, the Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by Stephen King.
C.S Lewis also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel.
Neill Blomkamp starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt was in Shark Night. She's a great actress.
You're welcome!
She's a singer, singer, and singer. She's a singer, singer, and singer.
I love Call Me Maybe. She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a soccer player. He plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
Javier Hernández is on the team. He is also on the Mexico National Football Team.
He is from Guadalajara.
Sure, Bobby Farrelly directed The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
There's Something About Mary was written by Bobby Farrelly. He also wrote There's Something About Mary, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Jim Carrey stars in Me, Myself, and Jim Carrey, and Jim Carrey.
You're welcome.
He's a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. He is a basketball player.
Yeah, I like the Bulls. I'm more of a basketball fan.
It's a young-adult fiction book written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. Do you like her writings?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Quentin Blake wrote The Twitch Trials, which is a Thriller.
Quentin Blake wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy novel.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Will Grayson is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the Firm because it is a thriller or a thriller?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this one?
Yes, Stephen Hawking also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, Mary McDonnell starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Robert Redford also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that Scarlett Johansen also starred in What's Your Number? and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Scoop is a drama/mystery film.
David Sedaris wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Yes, 2008 was the year that released it.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she's a singer, singer, and actress?
Yes, I did. Did you know that she is a singer/songwriter?
Yes, she's a great singer and actress.
Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, it is a comedy also starring Pierce Brosnan.
Yes, Leslie Dixon was in it as well. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he is. Do you like Dough Liman movies?
Sure, you might also enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Sean Penn.
You're welcome!
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and is a young-adult fiction.
Sure, some of the most popular tragedies of this genre are The Crucible, The Chronicles of Riddick, and The Prisoner of Azkaban
The Return of the Native was written by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I don't know a lot about basketball, but I do know that the Oklahoma City Thunder are part of the NBA.
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Sure, Mary Harron wrote The Wrestler, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mary Psycho Psycho Psycho Psycho Psycho Psychological Thriller
You are welcome
It was released in 2008
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like Matrix because he wrote The Matrix series?
He wrote V for Vendetta, which is a thriller.
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Allegiant is a sci-fi and action film directed by Robert Schwentke.
It's a action film. Do you like action films?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans is a romance novel.
The Light Between Oceans stars Jennifer Lawrence and Christian Bale. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a singer-songwriter and a screenwriter.
I don't know of any of his movies, but Andy Tennant starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Fool's Gold is a comedy-mystery film starring Stephen Fry. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Stephen Dubner wrote The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you read them?
Sure, do you like science fiction books?
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in it?
Taxi Driver was written by Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he plays for the Uruguay national football team. What about you?
Yes, he did. He plays for the Uruguay national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a midfielder.
The Patriots are a professional American football team - coached by John Fox. Do you like football?
Yes, the Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his work?
The Half Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling
The Deathly Hallows was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Joseph Heller and is a Speculative fiction.
Troy was written by Troy and The Odyssey by Troy. It is a crime fiction film.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Tennessee Williams?
The prose is a beautiful story. Would you like to know anything else about it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Seven Samurai and The Seven Samurai.
Ponyo is a fantasy movie. Hayao Miyazaki starred in it.
Yuria Nara also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player. Do you like her?
I am not sure what year he went to the olympics. Did you know he was born in China?
I am not sure where the winter olympics was in 2004.
I think they were in the NFC West in the AFC West. They are in the NFC East and owned by John York.
I do like them. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I don't know much about the Rangers, but I do know that they are coached by John York and John York.
Yes, I like them. They are a German football team. Do you like them?
I am a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, it is. It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, it is a good story for children. It is a children's literature.
You're welcome
Yes, I love Jennifer Weiner's work. Did you know that she's also a film producer?
Yes, Susannah Grant also starred in Screenwriter and Screenwriter.
Good in Bed is a comedy film. Susannah Grant starred in Girls Night In, which is a comedy film. Do you like her work?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Good in Bed is also a comedy film. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Dean Koontz also wrote Odd Thomas which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Worth Dying For was written by Dean Koontz. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel.
Jane Austen, Emma, and Mansfield Park are a few of the notable actors in the film.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Titanic because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Then you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book called Divergent. Would you like to know more about it?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. Would you like to hear about other books by her?
Did you know Anne Fletcher wrote The Proposal? It's a Romance novel.
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal. Do you like her movies?
The Proposal is a Thriller.
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote Somewhere and Wicked Lovely. Both are great books.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote They Do it with Mirrors. They Do it with Mirrors is a mystery novel.
Yes, Helen McCrory is a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Princess and the Frog?
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Ralph Fiennes and Mirna Richardson starred in The Deathly Hallows. She is a great actress.
John Woo directed The Woo, which is a drama/mystery film.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The War Film is also a World Cinema. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, Darnell is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, Edgar Wright wrote The Conjuring, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Worlds End is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead was directed by Edgar Wright. Shaun of the Dead is a science fiction film.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a basketball player, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
The Lakers are called the Lakers. The Lakers are called the Lakers.
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1943.
C. S. Lewis also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which was released in 1961.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good tennis player. Did you know he was born in London?
Yes, he is a tennis player from London. Do you like tennis?
I didn't know that. Did you know that he is from London?
Yes, he was a great tennis player, did you know he was born in London?
Eric Schlosser is an author, a film producer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
Yes, Walt Whitman is a journalist and writer. Do you like journalist?
Leaves of Grass is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Paul Walker is in both of those. He was in Fast and the Furious as well.
I'm not sure when he passed, but he did write Takers 2 which is a comedy.
Peter Krause starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Truman Show is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like cricket?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Would you like to read it?
I Still Dream About You is written by Fannie Flagg and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I Still Dream About You is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
That's a great movie! Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in Toy Story 3?
Toy Story 3 is a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Toy Story 3 is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, do you like Memento because it is a thriller or a thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a psychological thriller.
Vanilla Sky stars Sean Connery and Kevin Spacey. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
The Valley of Horses was released in 1851 and is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you're correct. She also wrote "I Know Why the Cuckoo's Calling" and "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese."
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series called The Battle of the Labyrinth.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero was also written by Rick Riordan.
I don't know much about him except that he is a midfielder and forward.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team. I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a midfielder and forward.
I am not a huge fan but I do know he is a midfielder and forward.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Alex Morgan is a midfielder.
Remember the Titans is a great movie. I think I'll watch it tonight.
Sure, Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Winnie Holzman.
Yes, it is a popular one by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome
Yes, I like National Treasure. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in The Family Man?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in Under the Tuscan Sun? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes I can. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is a fantasy novel?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Secret River is a fiction novel. It is about a young woman who meets a young woman who lives in a small town in the town of Wrath. It's about a woman who meets a woman who meets a woman who meets a woman who is a young woman who is a young woman.
She is a football player. She is a midfielder.
I'm not sure about the name of the football team, but if you like football, you might be interested in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, the team is part of the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
They play in London. They are in the Premier League and also play in England.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Mike Shanahan.
Michael Higgins wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote Water for Elephants which is a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 1960 and also was written by Brandon Sanderson.
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
It's a thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of films, including The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen any of those?
If you like Robert Downey Jr., you'll like The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed The Skulls. It's a drama/mystery.
The main stars in X-Men 2 are Zo Bell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, it is a thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I like Superhero thrillers, do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome.
Yes, Bruce Willis was in Unbreakable with Bruce Willis. Do you like him?
Yes, I can tell you that Samual Jackson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I'll add them to my list. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, Terry Gilliam wrote The Good Thief and The Good Thief. Have you seen those?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a fantasy adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Have you read The Notebook or The Notebook?
The Wedding is a romantic comedy, and The Guardian was released in 2012.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel.
You are welcome.
Do you like the Wolf of Wall Street because it is a fantasy movie?
The Art of French Cooking was written by George R.R. Martin. The American Masters was released in 1926.
You're welcome.
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Do you like Historical novels? If so, you might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome.
Callum Rennie starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
XistenZ is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. Would you like to know more about this book?
It was written by Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was released in 2007.
Agatha Christie also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Would you like to read those?
Sure, Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn to name a few. Do you like Mystery or Mystery?
Sure, The Scar is a mystery novel written by Nicholas Sparks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Theory of Everything was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
The Theory of Everything was directed by Lames Marsh. Do you like his work?
The King is a drama/mystery. It was released in 2001.
Total Recall is written by Jeff Garlin. Would you like to know more about it?
Ronny Cox also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Ronny Cox also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome
The Dracula is written by Nina Auerbach and released in 1897. Are you a fan of her work?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Brave was written by Steve Klove, who also wrote Brave.
How about Brave? It's a great movie with the kids.
You're welcome.
He plays for Real Madrid and the Brazil national football team.
I don't know too much about soccer, but I do know that he is from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, Luis Fabiano also plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he's a writer, director and director?
Yes, you might also enjoy the Harry Potter series and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's a drama and a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I'll add that to your watch list.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know that he is a cricket player.
Did you know Harbhajan Singh was born in Mumbai, India?
I don't follow cricket too closely, but I do know that Harbhajan Singh is from India.
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, that was the year that released If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
It was released in 1985. Would you like to know who else wrote this book?
You're welcome!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, they do. Simone Elkeles also wrote Wild Cards and Rules of attraction. Would you like to hear more of her books?
Perfect Chemistry was written by Simone Elkeles in English. Simone Elkeles also wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Harold Ramis was in Stripes. Did you know that he also starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
Harold Ramis also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre
Yes, he is a writer, writer, and author. He wrote the book The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
Wither was written by Steve Jobs and is considered a thriller and a biography. Do you like those types of books?
Sure, Fever is a young-adult fiction novel that was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus and The Night Circus.
The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believe, which is a romance novel.
The Last Song was called True Believer and it was released in 2012.
It is a thriller and a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
I love the dallas Cowboys. It is written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
I think so. Did you know that the Dallas Cheerleaders won the Super Bowl XLVII Championship?
Yes, the Cowboys wanted to make the art collection of the Cowboys.
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer, do you know him?
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. He also starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
If you like horror films, you should check out Zoolander. It's a good one.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Yes, both are written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
I think Saina Nehwal is a good athlete
Yes, I have heard of him. He is a very good athlete.
Yes, I have heard of Serena Williams, she's a tennis player, right?
Adam Levine is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure if she's known, but I know she is a singer/songwriter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Adam Levine is also known as Adam Levine.
Yes, he was a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in Shackleton?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas? Nicolas Cage is in it.
Nicolas Cage was the director of the film.
Nicolas Cage starred in a lot of action movies. Would you like to know who else stars in this movie?
The Sorcer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War is a war film.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Sorcer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome
Yes, he's one of my favorites. He's a very talented singer.
Yes, he is a lyricist. He is a musician.
I'm not sure when he was a musician, but I know he was a musician and a musician.
The Inside Man is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's a great actress! Did you know she was in a thriller film, The Manchurian Candidate? It's a thriller.
It's a comedy-drama, and also a thriller, and a mystery.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Cummings. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, Schindler's List is a historical period drama. Do you like historical dramas?
No problem.
Do you like the great gatsby because it is a young-adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books.
If you like Fiction, you should check out The Good Thief. It's a thriller.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature book. It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Sure, Lucia Graves wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, Lucia Graves also wrote La sombra del viento and El juego del viento.
I am sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Yes, Lady Gaga is an amazing singer and actress. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
It was released in 1986. Did you know she is a singer?
Lady Gaga starred in the Muppets. Did you know she was a musician?
Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback.
What do you think about the Ravens's head coach?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Vampire Academy and Shadow Kiss are also Young-Adult Fiction books.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, you might also enjoy the Young-adult fiction novel, The Gathering Storm and The Gathering Storm.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Would you like to know who else wrote it?
Lois Lowry also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames which is a speculative fiction.
The Giver is a speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby is the author of The Crucible. Are you a fan of his?
Have you read The Crucible or The Crucible?
Sure, do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a thriller or a romance film?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you he is a writer as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it is a comedy.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It's a drama/mystery film. It's about a man who has a hand in his life. It's a great movie.
He's also a writer. He's also a writer and director.
Silent Hill came out in 2011.
Yes, I love her movies. She's a great actor. Did you know she starred in The Last Stand? She was in that movie.
She was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
You should check out Lady Gaga's music out then.
I'm not sure what genre it is, but I do know that Lady Gaga is a singer and actress.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The Thorn Birds.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1595 and The First Man in Rome was written in 1595.
I can tell you that there is a sequel called The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome, have you read them?
Yes, Alison Doody starred in The Whole Ten Yards and The Last Crusade. Have you seen those?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1979
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also came out in 1989, it is a adventure action film
You're welcome
Do you like the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or the Prisoner of Azk?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J.K. Rowling?
You're welcome
Sure, Daphne du Maurier wrote Maurier's Maus. She wrote Maurier's Maus. Would you like to read it?
Rebecca was released in 1937.
Yes, she was the author of that book.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Memory Keeper's Daughter?
The Muse is a great movie. Martin Scorsese starred in Twilight Zone: The Muse. Did you know that?
Yes, you should check out Zoolander. It's a good one.
You're welcome!
Have you seen Despicable Me 2? It's a great movie.
Yes, Steve Carell brought to the movie Steve Carell, along with Steve Carell.
You're welcome.
Wilson Rawls is a famous author. He wrote Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
Susan Meissner wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum starred in it as well.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Eagles, but I do know that they are in the NFL.
The Patriots lost to the New York Jets in the Super Bowl XXIX.
The Patriots won Super Bowl XXXII, and he's a great wife.
John Lennon is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his work?
John Lennon also wrote Yellow Submarine. He is also a musician.
Sure, Ant-Man was written by Stan Lee. He also wrote The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
Bad Boys 2 is a comic book. Bad Boys 2 is a comic book.
The Postman is a drama and adventure, as well as a comedy, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by Pearl Harbor and it is a Thriller.
Pearl Harbor was also a movie starring Jennifer Garner.
Yes, it is a great movie written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his work?
There is a sequel of the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
I think he's a good basketball player. I think he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, he did. He's also a voice actor and a voice actor.
Space Jam was a great movie! It's a comedy/mystery movie.
Yes, Rebecca Skloot wrote The Secret History of Beedle the Bard and The Immortal Life of Bees.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks a Biography.
You're welcome.
They're in the AFC West, and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
The Packer is a football team. Do you like football?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Apostle was written by Robert Duvall and stars Timothy Spall. It's a historical period drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Shaun White is an athlete. He is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Shaun was a scientist?
I'm not sure if he is in anything else besides being a director, but he is also a director.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Philip K. Dick also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past and World War Z. Have you seen those?
I am not sure who stars in the movie but Philip K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau.
You're welcome.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen Wildcats. I think I'll watch Wildcats.
Last Sacrifice is a young-adult fiction book written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Yes it is. Do you like vampire books
I'm not sure about Vampire Academy, but Richelle Mead also wrote Vampire Academy.
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, do you like the book because it is a young adult fiction?
Yes, he did. He is a great children's literature writer.
There are many great children's literature in that genre. One of my favorites is The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is also a good one.
Yes, he also wrote Into the Woods which is a children's literature.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Republic of Love, but Jackie Burroughs starred in Wild Orchid.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much about the Packers, but Aaron Rodgers won the Super Bowl XLIII.
I don't know of any other players, but Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Princess and the Frog. Have you read either of these?
The Historian is a novel and The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kostova. The Historian is also a film. Do you like her work?
Yes, Emile Zola wrote The Historian and The Swan Thieves. Have you heard of them?
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like the story because it is a children's story?
Yes, it is a children's literature written by John Updike. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
Yes, Rabbit at Rest is the next book in the Rabbit.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm more of a baseball fan, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. What about you?
I'm not sure what is the last team in the NBA. I don't know much about the Nets.
I like the Greek Freak, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Linkin Park is still a member of the band. Do you like their music?
Sure, do you like it because it is a thriller or a speculative fiction?
Do you like science fiction books or science fiction?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know about other science fiction books?
Clifford Simak normally writes science fiction.
Yes, he is a science fiction writer. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Did you know that Larry Crowne also starred Tom Hanks in That Thing You Do?
Yes, it is. Do you like Larry Crowne because it is a comedy?
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Tina Fey which is a romance novel. Do you like her work?
I like her on Saturday Night Live. Did you know she was born in San Francisco?
I do. Did you know that Tess Gerritt starred on Saturday Night Live?
Yes, it is. Did you know that Tina Fey also starred in The Invention of Lying?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a comedy-drama.
Yes, she is a football player. Do you like her?
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, she was a woman. She was born in Los Angeles.
Kesha is a great singer, singer and songwriter. What about you?
Yes, I like Adele too. She is a singer, singer, singer, and actress.
Oh yeah, I like Yellow Submarine. I'm a huge fan of her music.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
Yes, it was released in 1971.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury is a scientist, speculative and science-fiction writer. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are. They're both speculative fiction and speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Seth Gordon wrote The Big Lebowski. It's a comedy-drama.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Freakonomics was directed by Seth Gordon.
I think he plays soccer. He is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, he is a very popular soccer player from Portugal.
Yes, she is. She's a very popular actress.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in White House Down, a crime fiction film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in True Lies.
Ella Enchanted was written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of her work?
Ella Enchanted was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Ella Enchanted is available for you.
You are welcome
Yes, Irwin Kershner starred in The Scorch Trials and The Last Samurai.
The Return of a Man Called Horse was written by J.K. Rowling.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel.
It was released in 1851.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1847.
It's a romance novel.
Yes, it is written by Kurt Wimmer and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he was
Yes, I have. Did you know that Mark Jacobson starred in it?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
The Portable Atheist was written by Paul Conrad. Paul Conrad also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it is in the "audiobooks" series.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan
The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up was released in 1904
Yes. J.M. Barrie is also a writer.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other questions.
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy them!
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Old Curiosity Shop
You're welcome!
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Spirit Bound in the series.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Richelle Mead also wrote Wild Hogs and Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, he is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, I am a fan of Serena Williams. I like her as well.
Yes, they both came out in the rough streets of Compton to become international stars.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball, but he is a point guard for the Miami Heat.
I think he's 4th in the WTA singles.
Are you a fan of the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a similar book
You are welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Kirsten Dunst and released in 2005.
She is a great actress and actress. She also starred in a movie called The Help.
Viola Davis also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Skulls, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. That's a great musical comedy.
Yes, he did! He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Sure, Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Prince of Tides. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, Pat Conroy is an author. Would you like to know more about the author?
Flannery O'Conner is a writer, writer, and author. She wrote a book called The Secret History of Beedle the Bard.
Wise Blood is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is an author. She starred in Aliens.
Bill Paxton also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Tombstone also starred Tombstone. Weird Science also starred Tombstone. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Pride and Prejudice, what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Wild Cards.
She is most famous for writing Wilde and Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a writer and author. He wrote The Twelve which is a thriller.
He was influenced by Paul Verhoeven. He was born in Bogota.
Total Recall was released in 2014 and is a comedy/mystery film.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Scarlett Johansson. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Undertow is a drama and a suspense film. Do you like dramas?
Pat Healy and Robert Longstreet also starred in Undertow.
The Thirteenth Floor is a comedy-drama film.
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy movie.
The Golden Compass was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in The Prestige?
Yes, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sean Connery starred in Total Recall.
Sean Harris was the main actor. Sean Harris was also in Total Recall.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a good team. Did you know that they won the World Series in 2012.
Oh yes, 2014 was a great year for the Giants.
My favorite team is the Lakers. Who's your favorite team?
The Equalizer is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was released in 2001.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
Yes, he is. He is from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, it is. Do you know Zhang Ziyi is also from China?
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Guy Cardwell also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to know more about it?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a fantasy novel. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen books?
Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Hunt for Red October was written by Tim Roth. Tim Roth also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It's a Historical period drama. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is hilarious. Did you know he starred in the movie The Incredible Hulk?
Yes, he was. Did you know he starred in it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Did you know she starred in a movie called Crossroads?
I didn't know that. I know Kevin Federline was a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell.
Yes, I like movies like Friends with Benefits and, the Black Snake Moan.
Do you like The Terminal because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Catch Me If You Can was written by Lisa Garner and released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Yes, it's funny. Steven Spielberg also directed Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Steve McQueen directed The War of the Worlds which is a drama film. Have you seen it?
The Great Escape was released in 2009.
The Towering Inferno was directed by Steve McQueen. Steve McQueen was also in The Fault in Our Stars, which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Do you like Heart of Darkness because it is written by Joseph Conrad or because it is a thriller?
J.K. Rowling is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book. Do you like picture books?
Yes, do you like it because it is a comedy or a comedy?
The Wizard of Oz was written by Oz and released in 1937.
The Writers of Oz is a Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, it was written by George Cukor
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory was written by George Cukor
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for Barcelona. He's also a musician.
I agree. Louis van Gaal is a great coach. He's also a musician.
Yes, he is the lead in the movie.
Yes, Sela Ward also starred in The Fugitive. Sela Ward also starred in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Yes, I will add it to queue.
Stephen Chbosky directed The Perks of Being Earnest, which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Perks of Being a Walflower stars Stephen Chbosky and Robert Duvall.
Yes she was, she was also in it.
Yes, he did. The Perks of Being a Walflower was directed by Stephen Chbosky.
You're welcome.
Interview with the Vampire is written by Gary Paulsen and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Andres Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about the Dodgers, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the Astros. I do know that they are a goof team.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that the San Francisco Giants won the World Series in 2010.
I'm sure that's a great event to watch.
The Devil Wears Prada is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote The Law, which is a
You're welcome.
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like him?
Yes, The Legend of Zorro is a war film and also starred Tom Cruise. Do you like war films?
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October which is a drama film.
It is a drama, do you like dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other thrillers.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck is an author who wrote The Good Thief and The Good Thief. Have you read them?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is in Black-White.
You're welcome
I think they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award?
I like basketball. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I enjoy watching tennis, how about you?
Jonathan Dayton is a director. He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine was directed by Jonathan Dayton. Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine is a drama/mystery film. It was directed by Jonathan Dayton.
Alan Arkin also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Her current ranking is Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal.
You're welcome.
David Oliver Relin is a writer, director, and director. Do you like his work?
Sure, he's a writer, director and director. He wrote The Human Stain and The Human Stain.
Yes, he has also written a lot of thrillers. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, she wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, have you read any of them?
Yes, it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
They're a pretty good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan and John Fox.
I don't know too much about them. I think he's a good athlete
I think he's a good player
Yes, he's a football player. He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree. He is strong. He is also a forward and forward.
Sure, do you like books written by Jeff Kinney?
Yes it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Sure, Apocalypto is a film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
He wrote Apocalypto: Apocalypto: Apocalypto: Apocalypto: Apocalypto: Apocalypto: Apocalypto
It's a historical period drama and a historical period drama. It was directed by Christo Jivkov.
You're welcome!
Sure, would you like to hear about movies in the same genre?
Would you like to hear about other books written by Veronica Roth?
You're welcome.
Yes, Allegiant was written by Veronica. Would you like to read it?
PS, I Love You was written by Meg Cabot. It is a romance novel.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Would you like to know more about the Sorcer's Stone, or other movies in the Fantasy genre?
The Golden Compass was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Philip Pullman also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Sure, Renny Harlin wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Shane Black also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Long Kiss Goodnight is a Thriller and also starred Robert De Niro. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyricist, lyricist and lyricist
I like Shakira. She's a lot of good singers. I like Shakira. She's a great singer.
That's a good one! Did you know that Sia is from Paris? She's a great singer.
Me Before You is written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like his work?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure who starred in it but I do know that it is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Yes, Venus is a great tennis player. She won the 2007 PGA Championship.
I agree. I agree. She is a good athlete.
The New York Knicks is a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York Knicks.
Oh yea, he's a good player. I think he's a good player
I like Hoop Dreams too, he's a great actor. I think he's a good actor.
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him.
I do. I like American Football. How about you?
Do you like Jerry Maguire because he is a football player?
Sure, Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides, The Prince of Tides, and The Prince of Tides.
The Water is Wide is a fantasy novel
The Water's Wide is a memoir
You're welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordon. Would you like to know more books by him?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is also a Speculative fiction book.
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book written by Sergio Leon. Do you like his work?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leon. Would you like to know more about it?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote Once Upon a Time in West.
City of God is a drama/mystery film written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like dramas?
Well, if you like dramas, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a drama.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Harper Lee, and it is a drama.
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate was released in 2001. It's a thriller.
Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he's a singer, he's a singer, lyricist and a musician.
Yes, he is a DJ. He is a lyricist.
I think he's a good athlete. I think he's a good athlete.
I like tennis. What about you? What sport do you like?
I like Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal. What do you think about them?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote What's Your Number? and The Joy Luck Club. Have you read any of these?
It is a romance novel
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in The Hangover and The Hangover.
I don't know what song she sings, but Anne-Marie is a singer. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is friends with Taylor Swift and Anne-Marie.
I like Sia Furler. I like Sia and Shakira. I like Sia and Shakira.
She's a great singer, singer, singer, singer, and actress.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like watching cricket?
I don't know much about it, but I know Wladimir Klitschko is a boxer.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Sense of Snow, as well as starred in Jurassic Park as well.
Yes, it is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in The Hunger Games, which is a comedy.
Yes, it was released in 1989, and also starred Jennifer Jason Leigh, who is a great actress!
Do you like the Hobbitt because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones: City of Bones is a historical period drama/mystery film. It's also considered a fantasy.
Yes, he is. Kevin Zegers starred in Zoom. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003. Would you like to know anything else about her?
Sophie Kinsella also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Yes, she tends to write dramas and dramas as well as dramas.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I am a fan of cricket. Do you like cricket?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn, and Gillian Flynn to name a few. Do you like her work?
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects, which was also written by Gillian Flynn. Would you like to know more about her books?
Yes, it is a mystery/suspense book released in 2014.
Do you like him because he starred in The Matrix?
Yes, Mamma Mia starred in it. She's a great actress. Did you know she was also a director?
I'm sorry, I don't know who else starred in it.
You're welcome.
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer.
The Chicago Cubs are a basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. Do you like baseball?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I've been a fan since the Cubs were runner ups in the 2010 World Series.
I like Aaron Rodgers too. I'm a Packers fan. I'm a Packers fan.
I'm not sure when it came out, but I think it's been a while ago.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down, have you heard of that one?
It is a children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, Phil Mickelson is a golfer, do you like golf?
Yes, Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Yes, it was. It's more of a comedy, but it's more of a comedy.
I think you'll enjoy them!
H.G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds and The Island of Dr. Moreau.
The Time Machine was released in 1981, have you read it?
No, I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure who stars in this movie, but I can tell you it is a great Sci-Fi movie.
He's a shooting guard for the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like him?
That's a good question. Willie Green is a shooting guard, right?
You're welcome, I'm sure you'll like it!
I like the Yankees, but I don't know much about the Yankees. Who is their coach?
The Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner, who is a very successful baseball player.
I don't have any information on the baseball information, but I can tell you that the Yankees are owned by John York.
Psycho is a Psychological thriller written by Robert C. O'Brien. Do you like thrillers?
The main character is Robert Bloch. Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano starred in Psycho.
I don't know what he's done, but Joseph Stefano directed it. He's a great actor.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt.
I think he's a good businessperson. He's a forward and forward.
They must have had a lot of help!
Do you like the movie Rocky because it is a comedy or a comedy?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Creed recently is a comedy-drama film. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Sure, Michael Crichton wrote The Last Stand, which is a Speculative fiction book.
The Great Train Robbery is a Thriller, Drama, and Drama. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome!
I am not sure, but I do know that Orlando Bloom starred in The Hunger Games which is a comedy.
I am not sure, but Orlando Bloom starred in it as well.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he is a writer and director
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is young adult fiction.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, some good ones are Wicked Lovely, Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to purchase it?
Yes, he directed a number of films, such as The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you seen any of those?
It's a adventure film. Do you like Omar Sy's work?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Eric Stoltz is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
That's a great movie! She also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy.
It's a drama and also a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
That's a good one! It's a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know, but Jerry Jones owns the Dallas Cowboys.
The Cowboys are in the AFC East. They are in the AFC East.
Irwin Kershner wrote The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sean Connery also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Dark Places is written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2009. Are you a fan of mystery novels?
Gillian Flynn also wrote Three Cups of Tea and Gone Girl.
Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn are also a couple of Gillian Flynn authors.
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes, I do. The Scar and Embassytown is a great science fiction book.
Great. Have a great day.
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is from India.
I agree. I'm more of a cricket fan. What about you?
I've never been to a live game, but I've heard it's been a while since I've seen it.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
You too!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Looper is a comedy and a drama. Do you like comedies?
Have you seen Warlock 2? It's a thriller.
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you should check out Zombieland.
Then you might also like Zombieland. It's one of my favorites.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
You might also enjoy The Great Gatsby. It's a novel.
Sure, Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure when they came out, but Arc de Triomphe was influenced by Erich Maria Remarque.
I'm not sure when Arc de Triomphe was released, but I'm sure you'd like to read Im Westen nichts Neues.
You're welcome!
I think she's a good tennis player. Did you know she is dating Rory McIroy?
She plays tennis, but I don't know much about her. She is a tennis player.
That's pretty much all I know about her sister Serena.
Yes, I did. I love it. I am a huge fan of tennis.
I love fashion and fashion. What about you?
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by Tennessee Williams?
Tennessee Williams starred in A Streetcar Named Desire. Would you like to know who else stars in it?
Yes, he has written many books, such as The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables
You are welcome
Sure, do you like In the Woods because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Novel genre is speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're welcome.
David Ayer is a writer, lyricist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of films, including The Incredible Hulk, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Harsh Times is directed by David Ayer.
Sure, Christian Bale also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a good one
You're welcome
I know they're in the NFL and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
He's been in several films, such as To Kill a Mockingbird, The Return of the King, and To Kill a Mockingbird.
The Social Network was written by Andrew Garfield. Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network.
Social Network is a Social Network, Social Network is a Social Network. Social Network is a Social Network.
The Social Network was released in 1995
It's a Social Network. It's a Social Network.
2010 was written by Social Network and produced by Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen them?
Yes, Tobey Maguire also starred in The Ice Storm. Did you know that Tobey Maguire starred in it?
He wrote The Ice Storm, which is a comedy.
Sure, Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction novels?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. Would you like to hear about other books released in 2012?
Yes, it was released in 2012.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817. Do you like her work?
Yes, I have. Did you know that Deidre Shauna was born in London?
I know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton. Are you a fan?
I think Saina Nehwal was also in the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Do you like her?
Yes, the Commonwealth Games were played in the Commonwealth Games in India.
Sure, do you like it because it's a speculative fiction?
Martin McDonagh is a director, he is a director and a director. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like scientist?
Yes, he did. He was a scientist and a scientist as well.
Yes, Robin Williams starred in many movies. Would you like to know more about either of them?
Sure, you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is also a family movie.
We Bought A Zoo is a great family movie! It stars William Hurt and Emily Bronte.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Homer wrote The Simpsons which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Iliad and the Odyssey are both epic poetrys. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Beouwulf is considered a classic poetry. Do you like poetry?
I don't know much about the Ravens, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
That's interesting. Did you know that the New York Giants won Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that they are a good team.
The Proposal is a Thriller and starred Tom Cruise. Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal which is a comedy-drama
Oceans 8, The Blind Side, Gravity is a comedy-drama film starring Sandra Bullock.
Sure, do you like books by Tom Clancy because it is a speculative fiction?
Yes it is. Do you like books written by Tom Clancy?
Yes it was written by Tom Clancy. He also wrote Dead and Alive.
The New York Knicks is a professional basketball team based in New York City.
The New York Knicks is owned by Woodson
They are a part of the NFC South division
No problem
Sure, In Bruges was written by Frances Mayes. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Colin Farrell starred in The Throne of Fire, which is a comedy. He also starred in In Bruges.
Sure, Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller, crime fiction, drama, crime fiction, drama, and a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
American Football League's American Football Conference West division is coached by John Fox.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I do like Trillers. Did you know that Gary Scott Thompson starred in Fast Five?
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like action movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Do you like dystopian and dystopian society?
Yes, it is based on the book. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Okay, I'll add it to your list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth is an American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, he is a good golfer from Dallas. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
Yes, it is a Major League Soccer team in Dallas, do you like football?
Yes, I am familiar with Maya Angelou's work. She's a great actress. She's also a musician and actress.
Yes, she is a poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, poet.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
He wrote она и мир.
He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
This is the End is a comedy/mystery film directed by James Franco.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about soccer. What about you?
I am a fan of American Football. What sport do you like to watch?
Yes, I like football movies like Bend It Like Beckham. Do you like football movies?
That's a great movie! Doctor Zhivago is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
It's a young-adult fiction novel written by Rick Riordon. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Vespers Rising was written by Rick Riordan and has Greek Mythology
Yes, The Titan's Curse was also written by Rick Riordan as well as The Throne of Fire
Sure, Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Gone Girl which is a romance novel
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. He wrote The Martian Chronicles, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Ray Bradbury wrote a book called Ray Bradbury. Other romance novels include Fahrenheit 451 and Fahrenheit 451.
Yes, The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 2001
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he plays for FC Barcelona.
Yes, Jordan Spieth is an American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
That's a great movie. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because he's a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in Frida. Did you know she was born in Dallas?
Sure, Joe Morton wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
What Lies Beneath is a Thriller and also a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Total Recall was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote World War Z. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton.
I am not sure, but I do know that Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes, he is from Hisar. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Do you like Thor because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee, who also wrote The Avengers. Have you seen it?
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know that he starred in The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers: Age of Ultron?
Okay, if you like adventure movies, you should check out The Avengers. It's an action adventure movie.
Eric Brees wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller film, The Final Destination 2 is a thriller film.
The Butterfly Effect was directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees also directed The Final Destination 2 which is a thriller film.
Sure, William Lee Scott also starred in The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight.
Yes, October Sky is a Thriller, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction, Crime Fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Crossroads?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I can tell you it was written by Pauly Shore is Dead.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed a lot of movies. He directed The Prestige and The Prestige. Have you seen those?
It's a drama/mystery.
Sure, it is a war film, starring Tom Hanks, Liam Neeson, and a lot of other actors.
It appears to be a drama/mystery movie. It's more of a sci-fi.
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 1 but I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 1
Robert De Niro and Natasha Richardson starred in Vol. 1
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice.
That's right. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cassandra Clare has also written The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
The Mortal Instruments genre is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes he was. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder?
Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder which is a great action film.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Green Bay Packers owner, but I do know that their coach is John Fox.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, do you like My Sister's Keeper because it is written by Jodi Picoult?
Where There's Smoke is also written by Jodi Picoult. Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Jodi Picoult is a writer and author?
Yes, I do. He plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that he is a Midfielder and Forward.
I agree, it's a great sport with kids.
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series.
The Sweet Far Thing is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is also a fantasy novel.
Milan Kundera is a soccer player. He plays for FC Bayern Munich and FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a Polish writer, poet, and playwright.
You're welcome.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure who else is on that team, but I know that Drew Brees is a quarterback.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a Korean professional golfer.
Yes, there is a lot of talent in young age.
That's interesting. Did you know that U.S. Women's Open was in 2005?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie. It also stars Michael McKean and Morgan Freeman.
Yes, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good singer. Did you know he's a singer, singer, and actress?
Yes, he won the MTV Music Music Award for Best Choreography.
I believe he is married to J.K. Simmons.
Do you like Monsters Inc because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It's a good one.
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York,
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I have not, but I know it was written by Matthew Reilly.
I'll add them to your list.
I think he's a great tennis player. Did you know he was born in Spain?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I don't think so, but I like Marat Safin too.
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote The Chronicles of Riddick, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1851.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Philip Pullman is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Then I would recommend Philip Pullman's work, if you haven't read it already.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Free Four: The Son Son was written by Veronica and was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. I love her music. She's a great singer, singer, and actress.
She is a singer, singer, and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure if she's a singer, but I do know she's a singer.
Do you like Thor because it's a thriller?
Sure, Vacation is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote The Sirens of Titan and The Sirens of Titan.
Where There's Smoke was released in 1922 and is a romance novel.
It is a Fictional novel. Do you like Fictional books?
He is a Brazilian professional football player. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. I like Premier League as well. Have you seen Premier League?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I think he is a good coach. I think he's a good coach.
Sure, Peter Weir directed The Truman Show which is a crime fiction film. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Peter Weir directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she is a singer, singer, and actress. She starred in The Muppets.
Did you know Selena Gomez was influenced by Selena Gomez
Yes, it's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Number the Stars was written by Lois Lowry and is also Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is considered a Speculative fiction and is also considered a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells is a writer. She wrote Charlotte's Web
Yes, it was. It's a children's literature that was made into a play.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure, if you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander, starring Bradly Cooper.
Submarine is a comedy-drama, a comedy-drama.
Yes, he was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome!
One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Douglas Adams is most known for his most recent book, The Glass Menagerie, and The Glass Menagerie. Both are excellent.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was written by Douglas Adams and was released in 1987. Would you like to hear more about the book?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was written by Douglas Adams and was released in 1985. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
They are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like K-Pop music?
They are very similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Are you a fan of them?
Yes, I do. They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
I think they are a pretty good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan.
Yes, he was. Did you know that Ray Lewis is from Baltimore?
I'm a huge fan of sports. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or action films?
You're welcome.
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a science-fiction film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like science-fiction?
There is a sequel to L.A. Confidential, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a good movie. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in it?
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That's a good one! Denzel washington also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
Rufus Sewell also starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Pianist is a biographical film. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
Not really, but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is an athlete.
Yes, she did. She also starred in Hair Show. Have you seen it?
Smokin' Aces is a comedy-drama film starring Serena.
I'm not sure where Serena's daughter is.
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars which is a comedy.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Neil Burger directed The Illusionist and Interview With the Assassin. It's considered a thriller and a suspense film.
You're welcome.
Do you like Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
Do you like Chasing Vermeer because it's a thriller?
Trojan Odyssey was written by Quentin Tarantino. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
I'll add it now.
Sure, do you like Silence because it is written by Neal Stephenson or because it is a thriller?
Broken Silence was released in 2012. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
If you like that genre, you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's speculative fiction.
It was written by Anne Tyler, who also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Madonna. Did you know she starred in Madonna's music with Madonna?
Yes, it's a great relationship with Madonna. Did you know she was influenced by Madonna's work?
Yes she was. She's a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Yes she was in that movie. She was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a good one.
That's a good one. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by David Nachmanoff and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, it was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
En som heter Ove is written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English, and it was released in 2012.
Henning Koch also wrote En Man Som heter Backman, which was released in 2012.
Sure, do you like James Patterson's work? He wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a thriller.
Zoo was written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Nothing from Agatha Christie, Tess Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen, Ray Chandler. Nothing from atha Christie?
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
That's a great movie! Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Tom Hanks? He's a great actor.
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Sure, Darren Aronofsky wrote The Swan Thieves which is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Wrestler was written and directed by Darren Aronofsky
Requiem of a Dreams was starring Mickey Rourke
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Francis Ford Coppola starred in Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, do you like movies written by Mr. Smith because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Date Night is a thriller and was released in 2010.
Sure, you might also like "Twilight Club" or "Twilight Club" in the same genre.
You're welcome.
Yes, Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Eddie Redmayne.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
They're in the AFC West, right? I'm a Patriots fan.
Yeah, he's a good coach. Did you know that he's a football player?
Mad Max: Fury Road is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hardy also starred in The Brave One?
Yes, she is from the United States of America.
Yes, Nicky Katt is a singer, screenwriter and a screenwriter.
You're welcome.
Yes, E Lockhart wrote Lockhart. He wrote We Were Liars, and We Were Liars.
We Were Liars was released in 1929
We Were Liars was also released in 2014, the same year as We Were Liars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, I can tell you that it was written by Stephen King and he also wrote Into the Wild.
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, he is. He's a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is from Wales. He's from Wales.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyricist and lyricist.
I love her music. She's a very talented singer, singer, and actress.
She's a very talented singer. She's also a musician and a musician.
Yes, it's a good book. Did you know it was written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, it is a good psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
Yes, I do. Did you know that The Silence of the Lambs was written by Jonathan Kellerman?
Emily Griffin is a writer and author. Do you like her books?
Where we belong was released in 2012.
It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama?
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Ishiguro. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Kazuo Ishiguro wrote When We Were Orphans, which is a young-adult fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome.
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Poland national football team.
Mr. Lewandowski was born in Poland
Sure, Kiera Cass wrote The Sirens of Titan and The Sirens of Titan.
The Selection was written by Kierra Cass. Kiera Cass wrote The Queen. It is a speculative fiction novel.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome.
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
If you like Action movies, you might also like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games.
The first one is X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great show.
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues."
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Sure, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote The Good and Evil.
It is a Fiction/ Mystery. Do you like that genre?
The Tipping Point was written by Richelle Mead and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Tipping Point is a self-help book written by Malcolm Gladwell.
I don't think so, but Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is another good one.
You're welcome.
Sure, Doug Liam directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Fair Game is a science fiction film.
Sure. Valerie Plame also wrote The Green Hornet which is action film.
Fair Game has genre Thriller and has genre Biography.
Yes, Milos Forman directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus.
Yes, he did. That is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is written by C.S. Lewis?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a young-adult fiction novel written by J. S. Lewis.
The Silver Chair was released in 1951.
You're welcome!
Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer, right? I don't know much about him.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I haven't. What sport do you like to watch?
Adam Levine is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I am not sure, but I know he is a singer, singer, songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, he has starred in a few movies, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by Million Little Pieces by James Dashner. Would you like to know more?
Sure, he also wrote A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces: A Million Little Pieces
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is an author similar to Michael Crichton. Do you like his work?
Andrew Hunt wrote a book called The Hunt for Red October.
A Killing in Zion is a crime fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
I think he's a German footballer, but I don't know much about him.
I like American Football. What about you? What about you?
I like American Football. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote Never Let Me Go which is a book.
Yes, he is. He wrote a book called Go Further.
Sometimes a Great Notion has a genre of Thriller and was released in 1960.
Sure, I will add it to your list.
Paulo Coelho is a scientist, poet, and author. Do you like his work?
I don't know what else he wrote, but El Aleph was released in 1717.
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a football player. Do you like football?
Stuck on You is a great movie, have you seen it?
Eva Mendes also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure of his other popular movies, but I can tell you he is a good actor. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Martin Scorsese's work. Did you know he starred in X-Men: First Class?
Gangs of New York is a great movie starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Yes, Step Brothers is a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Would you like to know more about it?
Well, if you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great comedy.
It's a comedy-drama. It's also a comedy-drama.
It is an action adventure film starring Adam Carolla. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
The Toy Story 2 is a Romance Film. Tom Hanks also wrote Toy Story 3.
Tom Hanks produced Larry Crowne, which is a comedy.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a comedy, as well as a comedy.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode VI - The Phantom Menace is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Liam Neeson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
The Lord of the Rings is written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
I think they are a pretty good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
That's a good question. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. Did you know that they won the World Series in 2006?
Yes, he is. Did you know that he is from Monmouth Beach?
I like Wayne, Verona, as well as the Boston Red Sox. I like Wayne too.
I did not see that one, but I've heard she's great in it.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was co-written by John Seelye.
You're welcome.
Do you like Divergent Movies because it's a Thriller?
Would you like to hear about other movies in the same genre?
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or the Harry Potter series?
I don't know who starred in Goonies. I do know that Stephen Spielberg wrote it.
Did you know Nicki Minaj is a celebrity friend to Tyga?
That's a good one. I think he's a good rapper.
Yes, she is a pop song and rap song. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, Unaccustomed Earth is a science fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Without Remorse is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Dr. Seuss because he is a scientist or a scientist?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Theodore Lesieg and Theodore Lesieg.
Theodore Lesieg and Dr. Seuss both starred in The Lorax.
You might like Theodore Lesieg. He also wrote Xenocide.
Will do.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Who is yours?
Sure, Never Let Me Go was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kazuo Ishiguro also wrote Never let me go which is a science-fiction book.
Yes, he has made movies such as When We Were Orphans, and The Buried Giant.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ruben Fleischer wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read any of his books?
It was released in 2004.
It is a drama/mystery
You are welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, Reg Keeland and Reg Keeland
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you heard of it?
Akira Kurosawa starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Yojimbo is a Japanese film starring Yojimbo.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
You're welcome.
Do you like Oldboy because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Confessions is a drama/mystery. what else can i answer for you today?
Confessions of a Confessions is a comedy film. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I think they are a good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but Shahid Khan also owns the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, the Redskins used to play for the New Orleans Saints in the AFC East.
Michael Jackson is a great singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in a movie called The Princess and the Frog?
Yes, he was also a voice actor and a voice actor.
Do you like Scream because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Max Brooks also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
I don't know much about the Red Sox, but I do know they won the World Series in 2006 and won the World Series in 2006.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What do you think about Baltimore Orioles?
They have a lot of players on the roster. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov wrote Slumdog Millionaire.
Sure, it was directed by Timur Bekmambetov and was released in 2011. It is a drama/mystery film.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Bodyguard, which is a thriller.
Yes, he is. Did you know that he also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine.
Sure! Douglas Adams was a writer and a screenwriter. He was a screenwriter and director.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series was released in 1986.
It was also written by Douglas Adams and was released in 1987.
You're welcome!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola movies?
Yes, Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, which is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen it?
Great! He also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen it?
Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
That's a good one! Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in the New England Patriots. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a great athlete. I think Thorpe is a great athlete.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but there's a lot of business trips there.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I think they are doing well this year. They're a good team.
I like college football. What about you?
Sure! 500 Days of Summer is a comedy-drama film directed by Richelle Mead. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It is a romantic comedy, and it was written by Robert De Niro.
The Namesake was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Would you like to know more about it?
The Namesake is a novel. Would you like to read other books in the same genre?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel that was released in 2011.
I'll add it to your reading list.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Born to Be Wild is a comedy. Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Blake Shelton is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He's a very talented singer.
God Gave Me You is a country singer. Do you like country music?
I'm not sure where his career started, but I do know that he's from Nashville.
Sure, Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes! Pretty Little Liars was made to a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It was directed by Sara Shepard.
There is a TV series called Pretty Little Liars, which is also a TV series by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by David Platt.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
That's a good one! I think Army/Navy is a good place to visit.
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I don't know much about the coach, but I think Mike Tomlin is a good coach.
Yes, he's a good quarterback. I like the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, Ridley Scott is a singer-songwriter and author. Do you like her music?
Sean Connolly starred in it. Did you know that he is also an actor?
I will send it now.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Relato de un naufrago
It was released in 1989
Mary Higgins Clark is a great writer
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is a great author. Would you like to know more about her?
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob.
Yes it is. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Would you like to know more about her?
It was released in 1922
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is considered a historical period drama and a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
What You Will is a Romance novel written by William Shakespeare. It is considered a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Do you like his work?
Imitation Game is a comedy starring Tom Cruise. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome, enjoy!
And The Mountains Echoed was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Khaled Hosseini also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
I'm not sure where he's , but I know he's a point guard.
Well, Damien Chazelle was born in Los Angeles, USA. He was also a film producer and a film producer. He is a great actor.
La La Land is a historical period drama about the life of aristocrat, a murderer, and his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, his son, son
You're welcome.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
She starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen either of those?
The Situation is a drama/mystery/mystery film. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I think Shaun White is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
It's a comedy/mystery movie. Shaun White was in it as well.
Yes she was, she was great in that show.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Two Towers is a fiction book.
You're welcome
The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Jonathan Levine directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Wackness is a drama/mystery film.
The Wackness is a comedy drama and was directed by Jonathan Levine.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1882.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1882.
Do you like Roman Polanski because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Sure, he wrote The Hunger Games, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Chinatown was released in 2007
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, Jack London wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, White Fang was made into a movie. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan has been in a number of movies. Seth Rogan has been in such films as The Incredible Hulk, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes James Franco was in Pineapple Express, a comedy-drama film. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but Judd Apatow also produced Superbad as well.
Spider-man was released in 2012.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus, and Frankenstein.
The Modern Prometheus is a novel.
It is written in English, would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who starred in Fight Club. However, Cult is classified as a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
I am not sure about his work, but I can tell he is from Germany.
You're welcome.
Yes, Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington starred in The Siege. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, Denzel was in The Siege and The Last Samurai. Would you like to see them?
Yes, he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was. He was in Volcano High.
You're welcome
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about baseball, but Fred Wilpon owns the New York Mets.
What sport do you like? I like the Dodgers.
Sure, Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
It was released in 1997, would you like to read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was written by Stephen J. Dubner.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
Eli Wallach starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, Sergio Leone also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations for movies in that genre.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly was directed by Sergio Leone as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House.
Sure, Welcome to the Monkey House was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction.
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. or Welcome to the Monkey House by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure, do you like him because he's a writer or director?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Kristen Stewart. It's a good movie.
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know that it was directed by David Kosar.
The Vatican Tapes also starred Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson. Would you like to know more?
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in Troy. Did you know he also starred in it?
Underdog is a science fiction action film directed by Brad Garrett. It is a thriller and action film.
Jay Leno also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, they are a good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLI?
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know that the Philadelphia Eagles is owned by John Fox
I don't know a whole lot about football. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I like the New Orleans Saints and the New Orleans Saints.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
Sam Mendes also starred in American Beauty, which is a drama film. Sam Mendes is also a film director.
Yes, it is a historical period drama, and also a biography.
Did you like the Incredible Hulk because it was written by William Hurt or because it is a fantasy?
The Incredible Hulk is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers.
Yes, it was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a thriller or a crime fiction?
Then you might like Die Hard 2 or Die Hard 2. They are both action movies.
Do you like World War Z because it's a thriller or a war film?
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class
You're welcome!
Peter Krause starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was. She also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is written by Hugh Jackman and stars Hugh Jackman.
Yes, Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Change-Up starred Ryan Reynolds, Huge Jackman, and Huge Jackman. It is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Louis Leterrier directed The Transporter, The Transporter, and The Transporter
Transporter is a British film directed by Louis Leterrier. The Incredible Hulk stars Tom Hanks and Ryan Reynolds.
He was also a scientist and a scientist. He was a scientist.
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Vampire Slayer is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome.
Sure, gustave flaubert wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of his?
Madame Bovary is a satire. It was released in 1847.
It was released in 1856.
It is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, if you like Literary Realism, you might also like The House of Seven Gables or The House of Seven Gables.
You are welcome.
Sure, Collateral stars Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome.
Do you like Bruce Willis because it is a comedy?
Have you seen Bruce Willis in Die Hard with a Vengeance?
The Devil Wears Prada is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are welcome
I know he's a singer, song writer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Did you know that he is a singer/songwriter?
I don't know too much about his music but I do know that he is a musician and a musician.
Sure, Leonard Nimoy starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like to read it?
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote Wes Anderson which was released in 1922 as a speculative fiction.
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen those?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again. Do you like Dwayne Johnson movies?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read it?
Yes, I am a fan of adventure fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michelle Paver wrote Wolf Brother. It's a great adventure film.
Yes, it was. Michelle Paver also wrote The Incredible Hulk, which is a fantasy film.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written in 1851.
You're welcome.
Sure. Vladimir Nabokov also wrote Insomnia, which is also a film.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
He is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Warriors. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Steph Curry is a point guard, do you know him?
Sure, do you like the author because of the author, Frank McCourt?
Teacher Man is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Silence of the Lambs is written by J.K. Rowling and is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Thomas Harris also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer. Have you read any of his books?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Fernando Hierro
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he is from Spain.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, White Fang is considered a fiction. Do you like Fiction?
Million Dollar Baby is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in Million Dollar Baby?
That's a good show. Did you know she also starred in a TV show called X-Men 2.
Did you know Peter Jason also starred in a TV show called X-Men?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Cinder was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. Did you know that J.K. Rowling wrote Fantazy Beasts?
Yes, he wrote Maurice Hindle and Madeleine L'Engle
Me too! Did you know that Maurice Hindle is also a film producer?
There are so many great books in the speculative fiction genres, such as Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Would you like to read those?
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling. It's considered young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in many movies. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he wrote Shrek 2 which is a comedy.
The New York Mets' stadium is a baseball team based in the New York Mets. Do you like baseball?
I have been to several baseball teams, but I haven't been to the World Series since I've been to.
Minute Maid is a baseball player, he's a great player, and he's a great player.
Thomas Lennon starred in Wilde and Wild Wild West. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a television series.
Chealsea is a great football player. Do you like football?
My favorite soccer team is the Redskins. Which is your favorite soccer team?
I agree. I like American Football. What sport do you like?
Sure, it was written by Stephen King and starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about it?
He's a writer, director, and director. He's a film producer and director.
It's a war film.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What do you think about them?
I'm not a huge fan of the Panthers, but I do know that they are coached by John Fox.
Yes, he's a great player. He's a great player.
Great! Then you might also enjoy the Avengers: Age of Ultron. It's a drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, I do. Did you know that the Mets won the World Series in 2012.
I'm a fan of sports movies. Did you know that the Mets won the World Series in 2012.
I think he's a good basketball player. I think he's a good player.
I like LeBron James and Kevin Durant because he's an athlete.
I have not, but I know he is a basketball player
Yes, Men in Black was written by Robert Mark Kamen. It's a Thriller. Do you like him?
Sure, do you like it because it is a sci-fi film?
Yes, it was received by John Scalzi and it was directed by Stephen King.
You're welcome.
Do you like Batman Begins because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel called Batman Begins.
You're welcome.
Robin Hobb wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond. Would you like to know more?
The Golden Fool was released in 2005.
Sure, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote You've Been Warned and Welcome to the Monkey House.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale.
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Lake of Fire stars Robert Duvall and Robert De Niro. Do you like comedies?
Lake of Fire is a documentary, with a genre Crime and a historical period drama. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome.
Sure, E.V. Rieu wrote , , .
You may be interested in the book . . .
The Flattered Flying Fish was released in 1962 and Other Poems was released in 1962
Sure, she wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
If you give a mouse a cookie, you should give it a mouse a cookie.
Yes. If you give a mouse a mouse a pancake, If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by the same author.
You're welcome.
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a thriller?
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
No, I don't have that information. I can tell you that it is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I will add it now.
Did you like Godfather because it was written by Francis Ford Coppola or because it was a comedy?
Did you know that Larry Bird is the owner of the Boston Celtics?
Yes he is. He's also a member of the Boston Celtics.
The Chicago Bulls is a basketball team coached by Jim Caldwell. Do you like basketball?
The Bulls won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award in the NBA Most Valuable Player Award.
Yes, the Bulls will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, True Believer was written by John Lennon and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Would you like to read other books by Jane Austen or other books in that genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
Persuasion is a Romance novel that was released in 1818.
You're welcome.
Yes, Linkin Park is a song written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like him?
I love Warner Bros. Records, do you know what he wrote?
Andrew Stanton wrote The Good Thief, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by Andrew Stanton and is a Thriller. Andrew Stanton also directed it.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in Finding Nemo. It is a comedy/mystery film.
You're welcome.
Yes, do you like his movies? He starred in The Martian.
Yes, she does. She starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
You might also like The Wedding Date. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer, do you know him?
Yes, he was a famous bowler and was born in Sahara.
Yes, Simon Beaufoy is the writer of Hunger Game: Catching Fire.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
Paul allen owns the Portland Trail Blazers. He's a point guard.
I don't know much about the Seahawks. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, The King's Speech was written by Charles Dickens. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that's correct. He also starred in a TV program called The Princess and the Frog.
Yes, I like Jesus of Nazareth too, she was also in the TV series The Lord of the Rings.
I like Shakira. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Bodyguard?
Yes, I like Sia Furler. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, Shakira is a singer, singer, and actress.
I think they are a pretty good team. They're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
They're in the NFC East and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like him?
I'm sure you'll enjoy the commercials!
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. I think he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. He is a great point guard.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
Then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Brokeback Mountain was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Yes, she was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I don't know much about the coach, but I do know that Lovie Smith is a former coach.
I don't know much about football, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Yes, she does! It's also considered a fantasy novel.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
To Rome With Love stars Robert De Niro and Brad Pitt. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Spirited Away is a drama film. Do you like dramas?
The Japanese cartoons are similar. Have you heard of the Japanese cartoons?
Sure, I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a good one.
You're welcome.
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Would you like to know more about those?
The Virgin Suicides is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 1985.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in What's Your Number and The Giver. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter, which is a comedy-drama film.
Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy novel.
Sure, I'll send it now.
Yes, I do. She is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Yes, I like Adele's Love Gave to Me. What about you?
Yes, I like that one. I think it's hilarious.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Inception.
Yes he did. Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is in the Fantasy genre. Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
The Prestige is also classified as a thriller and a Thriller.
Waterworld is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy films?
You're welcome.
He plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know Dani Alves plays for the Brazil national football team.
I think they're doing good this year. They're coached by Mike Shanahan and Mike Shanahan.
I agree. They're doing good this year. They're a good team.
What do you think about the New Orleans Saints?
Sure, would you like to hear about other books by James Patterson?
Charles Dickens was born in 1818 and is a social criticism book about social criticism.
He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which is a historical novel.
Great Expectations was released in 1851 and is in the English language. Would you like to read it?
Working Class is a book about social criticism and was written in English.
You're welcome.
Kierra Cass wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of it?
Sure, she wrote The Siren. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel. It was released in 2000.
You're welcome.
Do you like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Born of War is a action packed movie. Do you like action packed movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other Romance examples.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Nineteen Eighty-Four because it's a dystopian fiction?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. George Orwell also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four, which was released in 1949.
You're welcome.
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote The Throne of Fire and The Assassin's Blade.
Fear and Loathing was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like his work?
Well, if you'd like to read that one, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It's a classic.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
The Hobbit was released in 1987.
You're welcome.
Bradley Cooper starred in The Matrix, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, The Woods was written by Bradley Cooper. It's a historical period drama/mystery.
The Words is a drama/mystery and was released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
The Tell-Tale Heart was released in 1851.
You are welcome.
I know he is a midfielder for the Spain national football team
I'm not sure if that's what I've heard about. I don't know much about FC Barcelona but I do know that he is a midfielder.
I'm not sure if that's where he is. I don't know much about the national football team.
Do you like Aladdin because it's a comedy or a comedy?
There is a lot of action packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed packed
Do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief and The Good Thief.
I am not sure, but Neil Jordan also directed The Good Thief, a drama film.
Yes, he did, he also directed The End of the Affair.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed The Tenenbaums, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was. Rob Zombie also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
He was also in Zookeeper. He was in that as well.
You're welcome.
Downfalls is a war film. Do you like war films?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a science-fiction movie starring Tom Hanks, Do you like science-fiction movies?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a Thriller, have you seen it?
You're welcome
I love his music. He's a great singer, singer, and singer. Do you like his music?
Did you know that Nicki Minaj is a singer, songwriter and a musician?
Did you know that he's a singer/songwriter?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
The Mortal Instruments is a series. Cassandra Clare also wrote City of Bones.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by David Sedaris and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is a comedy, and also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Youth in Revolt is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome.
Great, have a good day!
You're welcome.
Do you like Blood Diamond because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
David Hounsou starred in Blood Diamond.
The Lord of War was released in 2004.
Sure, CCH Pounder starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, he did. Kevin Zegers also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, the famous actress in The Devil Wears Prada was in The Devil Wears Prada.
Meryl also starred in The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady. She's a very talented actress.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was released in 2009.
The Looking Glass Wars was also released in 1997. Would you like to know more?
Do you like Louis Sachar because he's a writer or a musician?
Okay, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Looking Glass Wars. Both of those are fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Dan Gilroy wrote The Dan Gilroy movies. Would you like to know more about them?
Nightcrawler is written by Dan Gilroy. Dan Gilroy also wrote The Bourne Legacy.
Sure, The Bourne Identity and Nightcrawler are action movies. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Seven Samurai. Are you a fan of his?
Ponyo is an adventure film, do you like adventure films?
Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, it appears to be an anime film, similar to X-Men: First Class.
Yes, Paul Thomas Anderson directed The Throne of Fire, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure who starred in it, but Paul Thomas Anderson also directed There Will Be Blood.
You're welcome.
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote Inheritance, The Princess and the Frog, and The Fault in Our Stars.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a drama and is also a movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read it?
I'll add that to your library.
Yes- James Patterson is a writer- screenwriter. He's also a writer- screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Do you like Vladimir Naokov because he is a scientist?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, Nabokov wrote it. Vladimir Naokov also wrote Xenocide
It is a speculative fiction.
you are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha is a speculative fiction novel written by Robert C. O'Brien.
The author is M. Night Shyamalan
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You're welcome
I think he's a good boxer. Did you know he starred in Ocean's Eleven?
Yes, he wrote it. Did you know he also starred in Scream 4.
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in Scream 4?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
There is Wocket in my Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know about other books by him?
That's correct. The first one was released in 1958, and the second was released in 1958.
It's a great movie. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-dramas?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in Wreck-It Ralph. He's been in so many films.
Yes, Emma Stone was in Superbad with Emma Stone. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
Yes, E.B. White is the author of Stuart Little and Stuart Little.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Kevin Costner is the main star.
Cheaper by the Dozen was released in 2005.
Yes, there is a lot of trailers. Would you like to know who else stars in this movie?
You're welcome.
The Terminator is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
I don't know much about him, but Oprah Winfrey also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Natascha McElhone is the author of The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Bees. Do you like her work?
The Truman Show was released in 1999.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a Thriller and was released in 2012.
It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you read Maurice Sendak's work? He wrote The Messenger which is a romance novel.
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, have you seen those?
You're welcome!
I'll add it to your watch list.
David Lynch has directed movies such as The Devil Wears Prada, The Mask, and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen any of those?
Inland Empire is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Idiocracy is a science fiction movie. It is written by David Lynch.
You're welcome.
Sure, I'll add it now.
You're welcome.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Would you like to know more about it?
The Great Gatsby was written by Margaret Stohl. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it is a drama/mystery.
You're welcome
Ellen Burstyn starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he's a Spanish professional tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, Serena and Venus are the greatest female players of all time. She is a great tennis player.
Yes, he is a good player as well.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
It's a drama, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird, which was written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome
I think she's a great singer and actress. What about you?
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
I didn't know that, but I know she's married to J.K. Simmons. Do you know her?
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a great actor. He starred in The Lion King and The Wardrobe. Do you like him?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
You're welcome.
Sure, Martin Gardner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome
I think he's a midfielder for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he played on the team. I don't know much about him other than that.
Yes he was. He was also on the Colombia national football team.
She's a great tennis player. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
She's a great tennis player. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if she's been in that yet.
Yes, she was in it as well. It's a thriller.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005. Would you like to know more about it?
Three Cups of Tea was written by Greg Mortenson. Do you like him?
Alice Sebold wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a good fiction novel.
Yes, it was written by Jack London.
You're welcome
I think she is a good tennis player. Did you know she is a tennis player?
I don't know a lot about basketball, but I do know that Shoaib Malik is an athlete.
I'm not sure about that, but I know Hantuchova is a tennis player.
Yes, he was. He was a very talented athlete.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a science fiction film?
Have you seen The Dark World? It's written by Christopher Nolan.
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. Would you like to know who else stars in it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a drama. Did you know that Melissa Benoist starred in it?
Yes Wade Williams and Troy Garity also star in The Good Doctor.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and also Timequake.
Do you like Doomsday Book because it is a science fiction book?
Yes, he directed a lot of good movies. Mark Waters directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. John Sayles also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I like Phil Mickelson, he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Did you know that Phil Mickelson starred in the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Yes it is a good show.
Truman Capote wrote Truman Capote's book, Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about his books?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Did you know he also starred in The Princess and the Frog?
Sure, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
That's a good one. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese: The One Minute Manager.
Yes, Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in What's Your Number. It's a romantic comedy.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey. Fifty Shades of Grey was written by Sam Taylor-Johnson.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller and was released in 2005.
Do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did. That was a great action film. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
V for Vendetta is a political Thriller.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue and The Virgin Blue
The Last Runaway is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend Girl With a Pearl Earring if you like comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Princess and the Frog?
Yes, it is a thriller and a suspense movie. Do you like thrillers?
I like National Lampoon's All That and National Lampoons Dorm Daze too.
Annie Hall was written by Woody Allen and is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a football player. Do you like him?
Matt Damon stars in Bourne Legacy. Do you like him?
The Bourne Legacy has genre War
Matt Damon also starred in X-Men
The Bourne Supremacy
you are welcome
Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it is a poetry?
Yes, he wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends. Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends.
The Giving Tree is written by Shel Silverstein. Shel Silverstein is a poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, and author.
You're welcome!
I know he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know any of her songs, but Taylor Swift is a great singer-songwriter. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, I do! She is very talented!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Never Let Me Go which is a Romance novel.
Seabiscuit was released in 2012 and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Glass Menagerie which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Doors stars Tom Hanks, Joaquin Phoenix, and Liam Neeson to name a few.
Yes, it is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great actor. He starred in The Wise Man's Fear and The Wise Man's Fear
Yes it does. It's a speculative fiction novel. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Divergent because it's a Young-adult fiction?
Then you might like The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he is a football player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he is an athlete. He is a soccer midfielder
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is an athlete.
I don't know much about the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not sure if they were the Superbowl in the AFC West, but I think they were the runner ups in the Superbowl.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
The Last Five Years is also a comedy-drama. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for movies similar to Pitch Perfect.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Anna Kendrick also starred in The Last Five Years.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.H. Gormbrich is an actor. He starred in The Transporter and The Transporter.
Suresh Raina is an athlete. He plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a professional cricketer. Do you know anything about cricket?
Sure, Scott Westerfeld wrote Ocean's Eleven. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
It's a science fiction novel released in 2014
Yes, I think you'll enjoy the book.
You're welcome
I think he's a good player. Did you know he's from Spain?
I think he is a Spanish professional football player. I think he's a good player.
Yes, Louis van Gaal is the coach of the Barcelona National Football Team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs and The Order of the Phoenix.
Sure, Joseph Heller is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and essayist
Sure! Did you like Fifty Shades Freed because it was written by E.B. White or because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, E.L. James also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you read it?
Bared to You was written by E.L. James
Yes, Sylvia Day also wrote Paper Towns and Paper Towns.
You're welcome
Yes, Franz Kafka is the author of The Kafka Book of the World
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 2012. Would you like to know more about the book?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Are you a fan of his?
Braveheart was written by Stephen C. O'Brien.
Yes he did, he also directed Braveheart
Yes he wrote Braveheart, a historical period drama
It is a war film. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer was released in 2009.
It's a non-fiction book. It's a satire.
You're welcome!
The Washington Redskins is a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. Do you like football?
That's right, he's a good coach. Did you know that he's a football player?
Yes, he's still playing for the Broncos.
Sure, do you like Girl with a Pearl Earring because it is a comedy?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
Snow Crash was written by Robert Duvall.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it is a science fiction movie?
The Cable Guy is a comedy-drama film. Ben Stiller also starred in the film. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, I can recommend you You Got Mail, a comedy-dramas starring Andy Dick
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in my Own Hearts Blood in my Own Hearts. Voyager was released in 2005.
Zero to One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Renny Harlin, Renny Harlin, and Renny Harlin
It was released in 1997.
You are welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I think they would perform better than the Super Bowl XLI.
That's a good team. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Sure, Doug Liam directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was. Did you know that Jez Butterworth starred in the film?
Yes, it was written by John-Henry. Would you like to know who else wrote it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but John-Henry wrote it.
John-Phee is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer and producer.
Yes, Dwyane Wade is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Dwyane Wade is a singer-songwriter and a musician. She's also a musician.
I'm not sure if it was written by Steve Harvey. Did you know he's also an actor?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but it's a sci-fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it's a sci-fi.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Do you like his work?
300: Rise of an Empire is a war film. Do you like war films?
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
War is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, she is the author of the film. She also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Eva Green was born in London, New York City.
You're welcome!
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Magic Johnson is a basketball player, he's a point guard. He's also a point guard.
Oh, I love the Dodgers! My favorite player in the Dodgers is the Dodgers!
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the book?
I don't have any information on any books that made into movies, but I can tell you that The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston, would you like to know other books by her?
The Sword of Shannara is a great book. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on her other books.
Paul Pogba-do is a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like him?
Yes, he's a forward for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I agree. The fans might be a little more aggressive than American Football.
Patrick Suskind is a writer, writer, and author. He is a writer. Do you like his work?
The Grapes of Wrath was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like his work?
Tropic of Cancer is a biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a fiction novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Anne Tyler is a great author.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She is a great author.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie In Bruges because it is a thriller?
Yes, it does! He also starred in Seven Psychopaths which is a psychological thriller.
Yes, Helena Mattsson also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome.
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou. It is a comedy-drama.
She starred in Thirteen which is a comedy.
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Robert Mark Kamen and David Schwimmer. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Markus Zusak.
It is a fantasy novel.
I am sorry, I am not sure if he has written anything else.
It was written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012. Are you a fan of his work?
2012 was a great year for thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Well, if you like action and fantasy, you should check out Shark Night. It is a great movie.
The Golden Compass is a sci-fi film and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a good one.
Interstellar stars Jennifer Lawrence and Jennifer Lawrence. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is a young-adult fiction novel written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Chris Weitz wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Chris Weitz wrote it.
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
You're welcome.
I think he's a good tennis player. Did you know he's a part of the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I've never been to a match, but I've never been to a game before.
I've never been to a place to play for, but I've never been to a live game before.
Sure, Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Le Petit Prince was written by Melina Karakosta. She also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Dom Marcos Barbosa also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a superhero movie?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie, do you like superhero movies?
Logan is a sci-fi action film directed by X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure, no problem!
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in the movie The Princess and the Frog?
Yes, Rian Johnson wrote The Incredible Hulk, which is a drama/mystery film.
I like drama films. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather and The Godfather.
Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola
The Godfather was released in 2001.
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Stephen King also wrote The Green Mile, have you heard of it?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. It is directed by Stephen King
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Sure, Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she also wrote My Soul to Take which was released in 2013.
Yes, all of her books are in the same genre.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Will Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I Am Legend is a drama/mystery film. Do you like that genre?
Will Smith also starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, I love Hot Fuzz. Did you know that it was written by Robert Mark Kamen?
Sure, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It is an action and adventure film.
Yes, it is a adventure film. You might also like The Incredibles.
Yes, he's a very talented singer. I like his music a lot. Did you know he's also a musician?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is friends with Selena Gomez, do you know her?
Yes, I do, he's a very talented singer.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
The Incredible Journey was also written by To Kill a Mockingbird
Les Miserables was written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Hugh Jackman.
Sure, you might like the movie Welcome to the Monkey House, which is a musical-thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for those.
Yes, it was written by J.D. Salinger and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Meryl Streep is a great actor
It is a great movie starring Kristen Stewart
They're a good team but I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite team?
They have a lot of reasons to root for. They have a lot of reasons to root for. They have a lot of reasons to root for. They have a lot of reasons to root for.
Cold Mountain is a war film. Do you like war films?
Yes, I did. Did you know that Renee Zellweger also starred in Welcome to Sarajevo?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, J.K Simmons is a basketball player. He plays point guard position.
He's done a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of thrillers. He's been in a lot of films.
I am not sure who else stars in it, but I know it is a thriller.
Public Enemies starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Would you like to know more?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't know what movie he's done.
Okay, I'll add it to your watch list.
The Fugitive stars Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his?
The Fugitive was released in 2001.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in the Star Wars movies. You should check out The Return of the Jedi.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. You should check it out!
You're welcome!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Peter Pan was released in 1904. Would you like to hear about other books released in 1904.
It is a children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him. I think he plays for France national football team.
He plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but Fast Five was directed by Vin Diesel. He also directed Fast Five.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The World According to Garp, which is a fiction book.
Yes it did and Faizon Love also starred in a Reality TV Thriller.
Yes he did. Did you know that he starred in Weekend at Bernies II?
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in a TV show called The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes he did. It is a comedy and a comedy.
The Gazebo is a comedy/mystery film. Do you like comedies?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote, directed, and directed Show. Did you know that Seth MacFarlane was a director?
Family Guy was written and directed by Seth MacFarlane and is a comedy/mystery movie. Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed the movie.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane was a writer, director, and director. Seth MacFarlane was influenced by Steve Kloves
Skyfall is a war film starring Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of war films?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Quantum of Solace was produced by Quentin Tarantino.
It's a drama and a psychological thriller.
Adventure is a crime fiction film. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I like Janet Evanovich, who wrote Dead to the World. She is also a writer and author.
Yes, James Patterson wrote Dead to the World: Vampires of the World: Dead to the World: Vampires of the World: Dead to the World: Vampires of the World: Dead to the World: Fallen in the West, and Dead to the World: Fallen in Love with the World. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell is a director. Did you know he starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it. It is a war film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love Paper Towns written by John Green. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I think he's a great author. He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, which is one of my favorites.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2009.
Max Brooks is a writer, director, and director. He is a director. Do you like his work?
The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead was released in 2010.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: First Class.
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors in it?
Orlando Bloom is in the Fantasy genre. Another fantasy genre you might enjoy is The Golden Compass or The Golden Compass.
Yes, Michael Ende was the writer of NeverEnd Story.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell.
Yes, he did. Did you know that he starred in The Social Network?
Yes, I like dramas. Did you know Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network?
Yes, it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Tom Cruise.
Sure, do you like movies with Daniel Craig in it or do you like him in general?
Yes, it is also a Spy Film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he plays for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, the team is coached by Jose Mourinho.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Paulo Cohelo wrote Diario de um Mago and Adulta.
Yes, Paulo Coelo is a Portuguese writer. He wrote Onze minutos.
Jeffrey DeMunn is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Bodyguard and The Bodyguard.
Yes, she did. She's a great actress. She's also a voice actor.
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
I like to watch American Football. I like American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of Wings is a book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like science fiction books?
The Last Samurai is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
I'm not sure who starred in The Pink Panther 2 but I can tell you that Tom Cruise also starred in The Last Samurai.
Andy Garcia also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a great movie.
Andy Garcia was also in The Godfather Part III, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I love Ned Beatty, he's a good guy. I'm a fan of the Patriots, but I haven't seen it yet.
I have seen Jerry Maguire, he's a great actor. Did you know that?
I like rom-coms. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, Peter Berg directed The Last Samurai which is a drama film.
It is a fantasy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012.
R.J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter.
Yes, it was released in 2014, the same year Wonder Woman was released
Wonder Woman was also released in 2014, the same year as Annihilation.
You are welcome
Bill Murray starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is written by Bill Murray.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
The Scarlet Letter was written in 1926.
Sure, do you like young adult fiction books?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and released in 1817. Would you like to know more about her?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you liked romance, you might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Jane Austen.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Tower Heist is a comedy/mystery film directed by David Ayer. Do you like comedies?
It's a drama and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee
She wrote оскресение and нна.
Yes, I can. She translated Tolstoy's War and Peace into Russian as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Did you know that Orlando Bloom starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean?
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a book written by Kim Edwards. Kim Edwards also wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter
That's a good one! Kim Edwards also won the Whiting Writes Award for Best Novel of the Year.
Yes, it was written by Snow Crash. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, he starred in What's Your Number? and The Giver. Have you seen those?
What's Your Number is a comedy film. Chris Evans starred in The Perfect Score. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure what year it was released.
You're welcome
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, he is. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I am a fan of Swiss tennis. Did you know Stan Wawrinka was born in Lyon?
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like it because it's a Scissors book?
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction novel that was released in 2001.
Yes, it is a sequel to the book.
You're welcome!
The Fates of Human Societies was written by Jared Diamond. Would you like to know more books by this author?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was written by John Green and released in 1997.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Wes Craven also starred in Wes Craven, have you seen it?
Yes, he did, he also starred in My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure, Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice and Anne Rice. Would you like to know more about her books?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1818.
Yes, Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1999.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman. Would you like to know more about this book?
Neil Gaiman also wrote Neverwhere. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lois Lowry wrote The System of the World which is a Children's literature book.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure but I can tell you that's a science fiction book.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed The Memory Keeper's Daughter, which is a drama film.
Yes, Moon starred Jennifer Lawrence, Liam Neeson, and Robert De Niro.
Warcraft is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
I don't know much about the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I think the Seattle Seahawks will be doing well this year.
I am not a big football fan, but I do know that the Dallas Cowboys are a good team.
I've never been to a live game live in person. What is your favorite sport?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a science fiction movie?
Robert Duvall is the director.
I'm not sure what other movies he directed, but Sofia Coppola starred in the Last Crusade
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Haha, I haven't seen it. I think it's a good one.
Do you like the Hobbit because it is a fantasy book?
Yes, Tolkien also wrote Lord of the Flies
Yes, I have seen Mirror Mirror, Mirror Mirror and Mirror Mirror.
I do not know who starred in it, but Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Stephen King.
Matt Damon also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction novel written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about it?
The Son of Sobek is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sarah Dressen wrote a book called Water for Elephants which was turned into a movie.
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but Sarah Dressen starred in the movie.
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Nicholas Cage. Do you like Nicholas Cage books?
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool. Do you like him?
Sure, Stefan Kapicic also starred in Deadpool. Stefan Kapicic also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Deadpool is a Thriller. Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool
I think he's a good basketball player. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Yes, he's a good basketball player. I think he's a good player.
Yes, he did. He's also a musician and a musician.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Then you might also enjoy the Young-adult fiction series, which is also a young-adult fiction.
It was written by John Green, who also wrote Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Whatever It Takes is a romantic comedy - it's a good one. It's about a man who is a murderer, a murderer and a murderer.
I am not sure when it was released, but Marla Sokoloff also starred in Your Highness.
You're welcome!
Yes, Amy Tan is an author. She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction? She wrote The Joy Luck Club.
Yes, it is. It's a fiction novel.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
The Apostle starred Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall. Would you like to know more about it?
The Apostle also starred Robert Duvall. Robert Duvall is also a great actor.
It's a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider Man 2, and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Tod Fennell also starred in the film. Would you like to hear more about the film?
It's considered a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen books?
Sure, she wrote Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice.
She wrote White Oleander and White Oleander.
White Oleander and Paint It Black was released in 1960 and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1947.
Sure, if you like adventure movies, you might enjoy The Incredibles or The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
It appears that Seven Samurai starred Keira Knightley and Samurai.
Sure, I will send it now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was released in 1862.
Yes, he did. It was released in 1862.
Look Windward and World After is a historical period drama. Are you a Shakespeare fan?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Shane is a screenwriter and was released in 1988.
You're welcome!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read them?
Yes, Charles Dickens also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did! He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities which is a Historical Novel.
Yes, it was made into a play. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
He is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I do like to watch basketball. What about you?
I like to watch basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I haven't. I've been a fan since they made it to the Super Bowl XL.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm not sure what else he directed, but Guillermo Del Toro directed, directed, produced by him.
Yes, Hellboy II is considered a comedy, comedy, and a comedy.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We Are the Living, which was released in 1957
We the Living was released in 1957, the same year We the Living was released.
Yes, Do you like the author because it is a thriller or a romance novel?
Have you heard of The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It is also Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, Mark Osborne starred in a lot of movies. He was also in The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in it as well. He also starred in The Little Prince.
Sure, Seth Rogan also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great, I think you'll enjoy Superbad!
Do you like 1st to Die because it is written by james patterson or because it is a thriller?
Sure, she wrote Water for Elephants which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Great Gilly Hopkins is a Children's Literature novel. Do you like Fiction books? If so, I would recommend The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
I think they are a great basketball team, but I think they are a good team. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure where the team is located. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I do. I like basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about the Cowboys.
He is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he is a football player. Do you like football?
Yes, he was in Coyote Ugly as well.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1937.
You're welcome!
The Devil's Advocate was directed by Rick Riordon. Are you a fan of his?
Blood In, Blood Out is a drama/mystery directed by Taylor Hackford.
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 1996
You're welcome.
Do you like Divergent because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
If you like Young adult films, you should check out The Hunger Games. It's a great movie.
Sure, Tatiana de Rosney wrote it and Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Relato de Rosnay
Yes, she did. Did you know she was a scientist?
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Relato de Rosnay.
You're welcome.
She wrote Black Beauty, which is a young adult fiction novel.
Anna Sewell was born in London, Pennsylvania. She is also a teacher.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like the Maroon 5 songs. Did you know that they were made into movies?
Yes, he did. I like his song If I See Your Face. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it is a great show. I think you would like it.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Orphan Train was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. Christina Baker Kline also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was written by James Patterson.
It's a romance. Do you like romance?
You are welcome.
J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Sure, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was a great Adventure and Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer, poet, and author. He wrote many books. Would you like to know more about his books?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Mortal Instruments.
Yes, it is a mystery and horror film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are also Mystery films. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like Russel Wilson, he's a great tennis player. Did you know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
Yes, he does. He's a good Quarterback.
I'm more of a football fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Seven Samurai and The Seven Samurai. Have you seen them?
Ponyo is a great family adventure film. Hayao Miyazaki starred in it. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Zookeeper.
Princess Mononoke is a historical period drama/mystery film. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Did you like the Bourne Identity because it was written by Matt Damon or because it is a thriller?
The Bourne Identity is based on a book by Matt Damon, that is based on the true events of the Bourne Identity.
Salt, No Way Out is written by Matt Damon.
It's a psychological thriller and a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a thriller, and stars Kevin Costner.
Yes, I like him. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans.
I'm not sure if he's played for any other teams in the NFL.
I'm sure they will do well this year.
Sure, do you like movies starring Bruce Willis?
Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada? It's a classic.
I am not sure who else is in it, but it is a great movie.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is in it, and Camila Morrone is in it.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome
Gran Torino was written by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to watch it?
I'm not sure who starred in the Day but Cory Hardrict starred in The Day
You're welcome
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Good Thief and The Good Thief
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because it is a Thriller or because it is a comedy?
There are so many! Some of my favorites are The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Yes- Molly Shannon also starred in that movie.
Do you like Ender's Game because it is a science fiction book?
Orson Scott Card is a scientist and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Orson Scott Card is a great author. You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. Have you read that one?
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, David O. Russell directed The Fault in Our Stars which is a drama film. Do you like dramas?
Yes, George Clooney starred in Three Kings. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
You are welcome.
Sure, he starred in a few movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more?
Sure, he is a great actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back which is a drama film.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, Winston Groom also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
The Christmas Carol is written by Charles Dickens. Do you like Christmas books?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a Christmas Carol. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
The Black Cat was also released in 1843. It's a Christmas story.
Yes, if you like the 19th century in London, you should check out Neverwhere.
You're welcome.
I think they are a good team, but I don't know much about them. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, they were drafted to the New York Giants in 2012.
John Madden was drafted to the New York Jets and the New York Giants.
I didn't know that. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, Watership Down was written by John Green and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Two Towers is considered Children's literature and Children's literature.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
The Tennessee Titans lost to the New York Jets and the New York Jets.
Maybe I'll add it to your watch list.
Sure, if you like Brad Pitt, you should check out What's Your Number. He wrote that one as well.
Have you heard of X-Men: Days of Future Past or World War Z? Both of those are good.
United 93 is a historical period drama film directed by David Fincher. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, I'll add it to your library.
Yes, I love the Star Wars movies. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi is a sequel of the Star Wars series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that it's a great movie.
I'll add it to your watch list.
Yes, 50/50 is a comedy/mystery movie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he was. It's a tv comedy. Do you like tv comedy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in it.
Sure, do you like the book because it is a speculative fiction?
Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it is written for teens and is a Young-adult fiction.
He's a great football player. Did you know he's married to Gisele
I like Wildcats. Rudy is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in Wildcats?
Couples Retreat is a comedy-drama. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Sure, do you like sci-fi or action movies?
Volcano is a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak. You should check it out!
You're welcome
Yes, the Butterfly Effect is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
William Lee Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect. Would you like to know more?
The Go-Getter is a thriller. William Lee Scott also starred in Tangled which is a thriller.
Leonard Nimoy is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a comedy. Walter Koeing also starred in The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home is a comedy. Walter Koeing starred in The Voyage Home. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
OK, have a good day!
The Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Golden Compass is a great thriller movie if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. I don't know much about him.
Yes, I like American Football and Tennis. What sport do you like about them?
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he is from Spain.
I think they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes he did, he is a point guard as well.
Yes, he did. The Milwaukee Bucks is a basketball team.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige starred Michael Caine and Jorja Fox. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart. Would you like to know more about The Dark Knight?
Yes, he is a singer, lyricist, lyricist, lyricist and lyricist
Rita Ora is a singer-songwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit. Would you like to know more about it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
He's a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a good player. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Lakers.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a great movie! It starred Tom Hanks, Kevin Spacey, and Kevin Spacey.
Transformers is a good one. Shia LaBeouf also starred in The Last Samurai
Transformers is a horror film. Do you like horror?
You are welcome
Crescendo is a young-adult fiction novel written by Ridley Scott. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, Hush.
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction. The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prince of Persia is a historical period drama film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow and End of Watch is a great one.
Will Gluck starred in Win a Date with Julia Roberts. Would you like to know more?
Annie is a drama/mystery film. Do you like dramas?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it's a romance novel?
Yes, he was. Nicholas Sparks wrote Message in a Bottle too.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks is the author of both The Notebook and The Notebook.
I am not sure who the author is in the Message in the botte
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by Cameron Crowe. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sure, Do you like books written by Charles Dickens or are you a fan of the author?
Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible.
Yes, the Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of it?
I don't know any other books written by him, but Chris Bigsby wrote All My Sons which was released in 1947.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos.
Yes, they are. They're in the AFC East.
They seem to be having a good season this year. The Patriots are looking good this year.
Yes, Lolita was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
Pale Fire was released in 1847 and is a speculative fiction.
I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Yes, I have. Did you know that he was a singer and a musician?
I don't think so, but Justin Timberlake also starred in Wedding Crashers.
I love Southland Tales. Did you know that it was written by Justin Timberlake?
Parts One and Two was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, it is a fantasy novel.
It's a fantasy novel. It's also considered a fantasy novel.
Sure, do you like the author or the genre of this book?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, Parts One and Two.
The Silkworm was released in English. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Bisco Hatori wrote The Silkworm, which is in English.
You're welcome.
Total Recall is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for France national football team.
I like James Harden, he is a great forward and he is very talented.
I'm not a big fan of TV TV. I like reality TV. What about you?
I'm not sure if I've seen any of the American TV shows. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, I like Gordon Ramsey too. He is a great player as well.
Inception stars Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, and Christopher Nolan. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, she did and Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Virgin Queen.
It's a drama/mystery film. It's also a film. Do you like dramas?
Sure, I'll add it now.
Rob Reiner is a writer, director, and director. He is a film producer.
He also directed When Harry Met Sally. Have you seen it?
He produced When Harry Met Sally, which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote The Passion of the Christ. Have you read it?
I'm not sure when they were released, but they are fiction.
You're welcome.
She's a good singer. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Selena Gomez was in it too.
It's a drama/mystery. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, the Red Sox won the World Series in 2012.
I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Who is your favorite team?
The Red Sox is a baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 PGA Championship?
I don't know too much about Tiger Woods, but I know he won the 2007 PGA Championship.
That's interesting! He's also an athlete, athlete, athlete, and athlete.
Sure! Hurt Locker starred in Hurt Locker. He also starred in Hurt Locker
Yes, he did. Thor also starred Evangeline Lilly
It's a comedy/mystery film starring Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly.
Sure, I'll add them now.
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team based in the Arizona Cardinals.
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York City.
I like college games. What about you?
Yes, he's a soccer player. He's a midfielder and forward. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a midfielder and forward.
I like soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What sport do you like?
El amor en los tiempos del cólera was written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
I am sorry, I do not have any information on anything similar to this author.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider was written by Hugh Jackman. Do you like books by Hugh Jackman?
Yes, it is also a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was written by James Patterson. Would you like to know who wrote it?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and starred Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of this movie?
Sure, if you like Romance Films, you should check out The War of the World.
The Sun Also Rises is more of a Tragicomedy. The Sun Also Rises is also considered a Tragicomedy.
Sure, he's a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Hobbit: The Return of the King.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was written by Stephen King.
You're welcome!
Do you like books written by Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it is a speculative fiction book?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a great book.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an Indian badminton player. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
Yes, she was. Did you know that she was from India?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is the same book.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is a great book. If you like Romeo and Juliet, you should try The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Jane Austen or because it is a Thriller?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sensibility.
I think he's a good player. Did you know he was born in Madrid?
Anna Kournikova is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse?
The Aviator is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator. Would you like to know who else starred in it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Aviator. Have you seen it?
I'll add it now.
Sure, Spike Lee wrote, directed, and starred in Taken 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is in it as well. It's a drama/mystery film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Elizabeth Kostova wrote The Swan Thieves and The Princess and the Frog.
The Swan Thieves is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Historian is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, I will send it now
Justin Rose is a golfer. Do you like golf?
what sport do you like to watch?
yes Venus Williams and her sister Serena stopped for a while.
Baseball is my main sport. I am a big football fan. what about you?
yea i have never been to a boxing event.
i love the Dallas Cowboys. how about you?
I think they are a good team but I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Georgia Dome played for the New Orleans Saints.
Who owns the Patriots team?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Yes I do. It was released in 1958. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that was also the year that released Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Sure, Ethan Suplee wrote Unbroken: A House of Night Novel. Have you heard of it?
Do you like Vulgar because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, William Lee Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome.
The band is a band based in Chicago, based on their music. The band is based on a band based on their music.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow, Gwyneth Paltrow and Gwyneth Paltrow are friends with her.
I'm not sure if that's the idea.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
Yes, that is a good one.
I'm not sure if they're playing the Redskins, but I do know that they won the National Football League of the Year award.
Yes, Walter Payton won the award for Best Offensive Player of the Year Award.
Sure, Terry George directed The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Terry George also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a drama film.
It's a drama/mystery.
You're welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Beedle the Bard, The Tale of Beedle the Bard, and many more.
The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1951.
Beatrix Potter has a few professions. The Tales of Peter Rabbit is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Yes, X-Men Origins Wolverine was written by Hugh Jackman. Would you like to know more?
He's been in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Turbo is a Thriller and Drama. It's a great movie.
It's a comedy, adventure, and animation. It's a great movie.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Alice in Wonderland was written by Alice in Wonderland. Would you like to know more about it?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you today?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the Incredibles because it is a sci-fi movie?
The Incredibles was also made into a movie starring Tom Hanks who also starred in The Incredibles.
I don't know who else starred in Ratatouille, but John Ratzenberger starred in The Incredibles.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I like it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What about you?
I do, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Danny DeVito and Robert De Niro?
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Did you know that Kelly Clarkson was a singer, singer, songwriter and songwriter?
Yes, she is a great singer, singer, singer, and actress.
I like heavy metal, rock, and rock. What about you?
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a comedy-drama film starring Matt Damon and Jennifer Lawrence. It's a romantic comedy.
Do you like Shooter because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee
The Rum Diary is a comedy-drama, starring Tom Hanks, and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
No, I haven't. What sport do you like?
Serenity is a great movie. Serenity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
It's considered a thriller and a war film. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I don't know who else was in Be Kind Remind. Did you know Quinton Aaron starred in Be Kind Remind?
Yes, I do. Did you know Maroon 5 is a singer-songwriter and a musician?
Do you like Maroon 5 because it is a rom-com?
That's a good one, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, he's a very talented person. He's a very talented person. He's a very talented person. He's a very talented person.
Yes, she does! She's a very talented actress. She's a very talented actress.
That's too bad. I think you'll enjoy it.
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I like Manuel Pellegrini and Mark Hughes. He's a forward and a forward.
Do you like Shrek because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Yes, do you like it because it is a thriller or a romance film?
Day After Tomorrow is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Skulls. Would you like to know more about it?
The Little Rascals is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
Randy Quaid was in Wild Life. Would you like to know more about Randy Quaid?
Yes, Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Hush Hush.
Yes, she wrote Silence. She also wrote Silence.
Hush Hush hush is a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome
It was directed by Steve Kloves. Did you know that he also produced the movie?
Yes, he also wrote The Hangover and The Hangover.
I'm not sure who starred in Monsters, but it was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome
Yes, Gore Verbinski wrote Gore Verbinski. Did you know that he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Rango is a Thriller and was directed by Gore Verbinski. Do you like Thrillers?
Rango is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 jump street because it is a comedy or a comedy?
Ride along is a comedy-drama and also a comedy-drama
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any new comedy movies.
Yes, Nancy Bond wrote A Little Princess. Would you like to know more about it?
I haven't read that one, but I've read The Tale of the Body Thief. The Tale of the Body Thief is a children's literature.
The Vampire Chronicles was written by George R.R. Martin and is a children's literature.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Passage was released in 2001.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, I like Romance and Romance Novels.
Yes, it's a murder mystery. Do you like murder mysteries?
That's a good one! It's a romance novel. Have you ever seen it?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
These books fall under a young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie.
Amelie is a romance film and was written by Frances Mayes. Do you like romance films?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote Les Visiteurs and Amelie.
Yes, he wrote My Soul to Take which is one of his recent songs.
Yes, he is. He's from Leesburg. Did you know he was born in Leesburg?
I don't know what record he is with, but I know he is a singer/songwriter.
Marlon Brando wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Viva Zapata starred in The Young Lions, The Young Lions, and The Wild One.
I like romance, drama, and dramas.
I do! He's a great basketball player. Did you know that he's a point guard in the NBA?
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Did you know that he's also a musician?
Yes, he did. He also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, LeBron won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Stephen King.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Sure, Luigi Pistilli is an actor and he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I don't know who else starred in Machine Gun McCain, but Luigi Pistilli was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she was. She also starred in the Notebook.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like comedies or comedies?
Yelling to the Sky starred Tim Blake and Gabourey Sidibe. Would you like to watch it?
Marc John Jefferies also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Ok, would you like me to send it now?
I don't know much about Gabourey Sidibe, what else can I do for you today?
The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superheroes?
Have you seen Fast 2 Furious or Fast 2 Furious? They are both great comedies.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a great adventure movie.
Starsky & Hutch is a blockbuster.
I hope you enjoy Snow White.
L.M. Montgomery wrote The House of Seven Gables, The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables.
The Blue Castle came out in 1927.
1926 was also the year Zoolander was released.
Sure, Christopher Meloni starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to see some of those?
Then you might also enjoy The Good Thieves and The Good Thieves.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Christopher Meloni also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King
Yes he did, he did. He also starred in The Green Hornet.
Have you heard of X-Men: Days of Future Past? That is a horror film.
You're welcome.
David Guetta is a singer, songwriter, and song writer. Do you like his music?
I do like his music. Did you know he was born in Paris?
I like his song When Love Takes Over. What is your favorite song of his?
I like Micheal Jackson too. I like his song When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
The Interview is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Funny People was released in 2012. Would you like to know more about it?
Ray Romano also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
I think he is a midfielder for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, they were the runner up in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I like American Football. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not sure if he's a person like Ryan Griggs, but he's a good player.
I think he's a good actor. Did you know he's a singer/songwriter?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes he did. It's a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Sue Monk Kidd is a writer, poet, and author. Do you like her work?
Carl Jung is a writer, poet, and author.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
The Poisonwood Bible is a historical novel.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I love her music. Did you know she is a singer-songwriter and a musician?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in the movie Larry Crowne?
Yes, that's a great show! It's a romantic comedy.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like it because it is a speculative fiction?
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and has a genre Speculative fiction.
Dead to the World was written by Trunk Music. It's a speculative fiction and speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it is a Thriller or because it is a fantasy?
Skyfall is a war film. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it is a thriller movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are in the NFC South.
That's interesting! Did you know that they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
I'm not sure, but I think they were the runner ups in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Usual Suspects is a science-fiction film. Do you like science-fiction films?
I like thrillers. Do you like thrillers? You should check out Shark Night.
I have not seen Unfinished Business. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I do. I like hip hop hop hop hop.
I like rock. I also like the Beatles. I like the Beatles.
Zipper was also released in 2001.
Yes, it's a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, The King of Attolia is also Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
It's a great adventure film starring Tom Cruise. Do you like adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. She's a great actress.
Working Girl is a comedy/mystery film starring Olivia Wilde
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you heard of it?
The Los Angeles Dodgers is a baseball team. It's a baseball team.
I'm sure there's a lot of action packed packed packed packed.
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it is a Thriller or because it is a comedy?
Channing Tatum also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by Wizard of Oz and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Wedding Crashers?
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she was born in Santa Monica?
Yes, she does. She is a great actress. She also starred in the TV show The Incredibles.
Yes, Mac Miller was a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The Hobbit was released in 2001.
Back Again was released in 1937.
The Rock is a great adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Shark Night is a Thriller and was written by Nicolas Cage. Do you like his work?
That's a good one. David Moore is also a producer and a director.
Yes, James Rodriguez is a football player. He plays for the Real Madrid C.F.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix was written by Matrix and stars Keanu Reeves and Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more?
Sure, if you like sci-fi, you should check out The Invisible Man. It is also a fantasy.
You're welcome.
Sure, Harold Ramis wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a comedy-drama. Harold Ramis also wrote and starred in it.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, Chiaki Kuriyama starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2001.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005.
The Great Yokai War also starred Tom Cruise, who was also in The Great Yokai War.
Sure! The Great Yokai War was written and directed by Frank Beddor.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
W.W. Denlow also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, which is also a fantasy film.
You're welcome.
Kesha is a great singer. I like her song You Love Me. What about you?
No, I haven't heard it. What genre do you like?
Yes, she's from Nashville. Did you know she was born in Nashville?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood. Would you like to know more about it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro, have you seen it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Audrey Hepburn. She also starred in The Princess and the Frog
Yes, he is a writer, director, and director. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
Sure, he's a writer, director and director. He's a director. He's a director. He's also a director.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
I hope you enjoy it!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure if he wrote anything like The Art of the Starter, but Guy Kawasaki was a writer.
Jeff Kinney is a writer and director. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is an interesting book.
It was released in 2010
You are welcome
I think he's a good player. I think he's a good player.
I don't know any other point guards, but I know Derrick Rose is a point guard.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Derrick Rose is a basketball player. He's a good player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Did you know that Terry Collins is a member of the New York Mets?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Who is yours?
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him.
I think he's a good forward for the team. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, Stephen Sommers wrote The Last Stand, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy Returns has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like this genre?
Sure, you might also like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. I think you'll like it.
You're welcome!
Do you like Trainspotting because it's a comedy?
You might also enjoy the Indies that Shirley Henderson starred in, or would you like to know more?
You might also enjoy the Indyss, which is also a comedy.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Last Samurai is a great action movie. You might also like World War Z. It's an action movie.
Pound of Flesh stars Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Revealed is a young adult fiction book.
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series called Wicked Lovely. Would you like to know anything else about that?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books written by Ernest Hemingway?
Islands in the Stream is a drama/mystery.
Sure, I can tell you Islands in the War genre. It is also classified as Romance and History.
You're welcome.
I like the New England Patriots, but I don't know much about the Patriots. Who is their coach?
I'm not sure about that. I think they'll play the Super Bowl this year.
He is married to Gisele. She is married to Gisele
Do you like the Town because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Peter Craig, Rachel Blakely and Gerard Butler
Eli Craig
Great, hope you enjoy it
Do you like it because it's a comedy or a comedy?
The Invisible and G-Force are both great Sci-Fi movies.
Universal Soldier: The Return is a great sci-fi movie starring Victor Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about it?
I am not sure what else he directed, but I can tell you that he also directed X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
I think he's a good singer. Did you know Katy Perry starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
Yes, she was also in Get Him to the Greek. Did you know that?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Russel Brand starred in Get Him to the Greek?
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by J.J. Abrams?
Yes, he was in 10 Days. Did you know he also starred in The Princess and the Frog?
That's a great movie! Did you know that he was married to Gisele? She starred in that one.
Yes, I do. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a comedy drama film.
Yes, Mamma Mia is a great actress. It is a comedy drama film. Do you like those kind of movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
Underdog, Underdog, and The Station Agent are some more in the Fantasy genre.
The main lead in X-Men: Days of Future Past is Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Connolly, The Connolly, and The Connolly. Do you like his work?
Yes, Thomas E Connolly was the author of the book. Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. Do you like his work?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Sean Penn was a writer. He was also a director.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. It is written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
I would recommend The Rum Diary. It's a children's fantasy film.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Would you like to know more about it?
Robin Hobb wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to know more about it?
Do you like Ship of Magic because it's a fantasy novel?
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, it is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure when it came out.
I hope you enjoy it!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Sense of Sex and the City of Glass.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. Did you know that Mark Boal also wrote The River King?
I agree, she's a great actress. She starred in the movie The River King as well.
I think he's a great football player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a football player.
Shakira is from Columbia. Do you like American Football?
Do you like the movie Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a Thriller or a Thriller?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a football fan. I don't follow football much.
I like Paul Pogba. He is a midfielder and forward. I like American football.
I like American Football. I'm a huge fan of American Football. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a good coach. I think he's a good player.
Do you like books written by Stephen Covey or Stephen Covey?
Stephen R. Covery also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The Handmaid's Tale.
I don't have any information on anything else in the same year, but I can tell you that Stephen R. Covery also wrote The Handmaid's Tale.
what else can I do for you today?
Yes, I do. It's a great adventure adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The Choocolate Factory is a family film and the family genre is action/adventure.
That is a great movie, he also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I agree, he did great in all of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Jonathan Kellerman.
Yes, Milo Forman also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, which is a great drama.
Prefoo's Nest is a historical period drama. Milo Forman also directed The Manchurian Candidate.
Well, if you like historical period dramas, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It's very good!
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a writer, poet, and author. Some of her works include The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Vanishing Girls is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine and Yellow Submarine.
Yes, he did. Did you know that he is a musician?
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
He is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Houston Rockets.
That's interesting! Did you know that he also starred in the NBA All-Star Team?
Yes, he was born in the United States.
The Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about the film?
Well since it's a sci-fi movie, you should check out The Island. It's a sci fi.
It stars Moby Dick. Would you like to know who else starred in it?
You're welcome.
Yes, I like him. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
That's a good one. Did you know that he also starred in X-Men 2.
The Prestige is a drama/mystery film released in 2005.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
you are welcome
Sergio Aguero is a midfielder for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about American Football. I do know that Serena is a Midfielder and Forward.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was written in English.
Yes, it was also written by Sean Barrett and was released in 1980.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. Haaa. Haaa. Haaaaa
I think they are a good team, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I like basketball, but my favorite team is the Lakers. What about you?
I don't know much about the Knicks. Who is their coach?
Sure, Voltaire wrote Le Comte de la Hoya and Le Petit Prince.
It is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Yes, I do. Some of my favorites are The Son of Neptune and The Son of Neptune. Have you heard of those?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like children's literature or children's literature?
He also wrote a book called The House of Pooh. It is a children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is a football player?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he is from Liverpool.
That's interesting. Did you know Everton is from London?
Real Madrid C.F. is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid C.F. is on the Spain national football team.
I enjoy watching football. I'm more of a Lakers fan.
Do you like the book because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars? It's one of my favorites.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, John Travolta was also in Pulp Fiction as well. Do you like his work?
Sure. Let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, he is a soccer player. He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Marina is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Xenocide and Xenocide are some of them
it is in the English language.
I don't have any information on the Spanish version.
You're welcome.
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite baseball team is the Red Sox. What about you?
Yes, they did. They're in the AFC East.
I'm not sure who coaches the Mets. I think Fred Wilpon is the coach.
I think they are a good team. I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I don't know much about the team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Sylvia Plath. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, I do. Did you know she was a writer and a musician?
Yes, she has written several books, such as What's Your Number and The Gift. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by John Green and released in 2010.
Dennis Lahane, Dennis Lahane, is a crime fiction writer. Would you like to know more about his work?
Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
Thomas Hardy also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891. The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891.
Yes, Jamel Debbouze starred in Water for Elephants which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but Jamel also starred in She Hate Me. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can tell you that Isabelle is also a musician.
Yes, it is a French film. Do you like French films?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. He's from Northern Ireland.
Yes, Van Morrison is from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Sure, do you like sci-fi or adventure films?
It is a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for Tron: Legacy.
Okay, have a great day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
The Neon Demon is a thriller, so you might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
The Neon Demon is also a thriller movie. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a very talented singer. Did you know she was a singer and a song writer?
Yes, that's true. Did you know that he's also a singer?
I like a lot of the singers. My favorite singer/songwriter is Taylor Swift.
I'm not sure of the 69 Eyes, but if you're interested in a few of her songs, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, he wrote a book called Gravity's Rainbow. Would you like to hear about other books by him?
You're welcome!
Sure, Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II.
Did you like The Hangover Part II because it was written by Todd Phillips?
Old School is a comedy. Todd Phillips wrote Old School as well.
I am not a big basketball fan, but I can tell you that Kyrie Ivring is a basketball player.
The Nightingale is written by Christopher Nolan. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Hans Christian Andersen's work?
Yes she did, she also wrote Winter Garden. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
Yes he wrote II Principe in Spanish
Would you like me to add it to your list?
There are many. I am glad to help.
Up is written by Pete Docter and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure what else she has written, but I can tell you that she also wrote Up.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I like Family Movies. Would you like to know about other movies starring Craig Ferguson?
You are welcome.
The Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas. The Houston Rockets are a professional basketball team based in Houston.
Kevin Spacey was the runner up in the 2008 NBA Finals
I don't know much about Hardaway, but I know that he was a basketball player
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Gunslinger was released in 1851. Stephen King also wrote The Green Mile.
You're welcome!
Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller?
It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zodiac was produced by David Fincher.
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California. Do you like football?
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What do you think about them?
Yes, Randy Lerner is the coach for the Browns. I think he's a good coach.
I'm not too familiar with the Browns. I'm more of a baseball fan.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
He is a writer and he wrote a lot of books. He is also a scientist.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he is a scientist as well.
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvia Plath and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, Saulius Dagys also wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you read those?
You're welcome.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Transformers: Dark of the Moon. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Predators is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it before?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Insurgent is a sci-fi action film, written by Veronica Roth. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Sure, Where the Heart is is a drama novel
He also wrote Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Did you like Topher Grace because she starred in it?
Yes, she was in Too Big to Fail. It is a comedy-drama.
Yes, she was. She was also in the movie Too Big to Fail as well.
Yes, William Hurt starred in Too Big to Fail. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Yes, F. Murray Abraham wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, he starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Would you like to hear more about those?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies?
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
I like soccer, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. What about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know the last score of the Panthers, but I do know that they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know much about Seahawks, but I do know that they are coached by John Fox.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yes I would. It was written by Frances Mayes and is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is a great Sci-Fi author. Would you like to know about other Sci-Fi books?
Orson Scott Card is a great Sci-Fi writer. Other great Sci-Fi books are Zoe's Tale and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
That's a great book. It's a satire. It's a satire. Do you like that genre?
Have you read To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee?
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know who else is with Jürgen Klinsmann, but Jürgen Klinsmann is a German boxer. Do you like boxing?
I think he's a good player. He's a forward, right?
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller or a crime fiction?
Princess Diaries was written by J.D. Salinger
Yes, it was also written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, Stephanie Meyer was a part of the Twilight series.
You're welcome
Inside Out is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
Great! I think you'll enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jeff Garlin starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Sarah Silverman has a television show called The People Speak, which is a television show.
Sarah Silverman has been in a lot of movies. She has starred in such films as The Women of Brewster Place, The Women of Brewster Place, and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure, he's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's been in a number of movies, including Welcome to the Monkey House, Welcome to the Monkey House, and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you seen those?
Well, if you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a good one.
Yes, Russell Crowe also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Robin Hood starred in it.
Mr & Mrs. Smith was written by Mr. & Mrs. Smith. Would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen those?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller and was written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a Thriller.
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a fantasy film.
You're welcome.
The Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tower of Dawn is a fantasy and Queen of Shadows is in the same genre.
Have you tried The Throne of Fire or The Count of Monte Cristo?
Sure, do you like thrillers?
Gothika is a comedy/mystery film starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Do you like the Proposal because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, John Green also wrote Paper Towns: The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, which is a young adult fiction book.
It's a young adult fiction book. Would you like to know about other books in that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like Outlander because it is a science fiction book?
Brave New World was released in 2010.
It is a science fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell and released in 2013.
Yes, she did. She also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a writer, director and director. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in Wreck-it Ralph?
Yes, you might also enjoy Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I like Serena better. She's a great tennis player. I like her as well.
Hair Show is a comedy starring Serena and Serena.
Sure, Zach Snyder starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Stephanie Sigman, Kristen Stewart, and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it is considered a comedy as well as a comedy.
Sure, you might also like The Watchmen. It's also considered a comedy/fantasy film.
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
Okay, then you'll like The Witch of Blackbird Pond, written by Libba.
Yes, it is a series. It's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, you might enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond, or The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
Rebecca is written by Rebecca. Would you like to know more about the book?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, I do. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Broncos. I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Case Keenum is a point guard for the Denver Broncos. He's a point guard for the Broncos.
The coach is John Fox. Do you like him?
I like basketball. What sport do you like?
He's a great basketball player. He's a great point guard.
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
Andrés Iniesta is on the Spain national football team.
Yes, that is where the home stadium is located.
Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle
It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
If you like science fiction books, you should check out A Wind in the Door.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
Yes, I love his music. I like some of his music. Did you know he starred in X-Men 2?
My favorite song of his is What's Your Number. Have you seen it?
No I haven't. What is your favorite song of his?
Sure, Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was also written by him.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a science fiction novel, do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Cam Newton is a quarterback and he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
Did you know that Woody Harrelson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Jean-Pierre Jeunet, which was released in 1851.
Micmacs is an action film, similar to Jean-Pierre Jeunet is Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Zulu has a great cast including Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
You're welcome.
It's a young-adult fiction book written by Jay Asher and released in 2007.
He has also written Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I do. I think he'll enjoy it.
What My Mother Doesn't Know was released in 2009. I'm sure he will enjoy it.
Emma is a young-adult fiction book written by Emma. Do you like young-adult fiction?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice.
Lady Susan was released in 1818 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great golfer. Did you know he's also a musician?
Tilda Swinton also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Red Violin was written by Tony Gilroy and is a mystery film. Do you like mystery movies?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
