Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well, there was a sequel to it, which is also considered a fantasy.
Are you looking for something similar?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian and The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2012 and is a cartoonist. Do you like that genre?
you are most welcome
I know that There's Something About Mary is a comedy starring Brian Dennehy and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It's a romantic comedy
She has starred in a few more movies like There's Something About Mary, she's been in a lot of movies including The Black Dahlia and Anna Kendrick
No, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Brad Pitt starred in The Last Man with Jennifer Lawrence
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, It comes under the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like the novel?
no, but i can recommend What Happened to Goodbye and This Lullaby.
no i am not sure about that. are you a fan of this author?
you are welcome do you need any other recommendations?
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
The Guard is considered a thriller and Crime Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Liam Neeson, Don Cheadle and Liam Cunningham starred in this movie. Do you like comedies?
Enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team, I don't know much about cricket
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Yes, it was written by Mike Newell.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is from Chicago too. I think he is a good basketball player.
Oh nice. I watch Basketball from time to time. What sports do you like?
Oh, and he has a lot of bad players. I watch American Football from time to time. :)
No, I'm more of a European Football fan.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Adam Sandler and Kevin Costner. It was released in 2006.
Yes, you are correct. I think Shaun of the Dead is a sci-fi film
No, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Finlay. It's a fantasy film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know it stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn, and its a thriller and a suspense movie. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, they are a great thriller. If you like thrillers, you should watch Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he has great movies. I think you would like this one. Have you seen it?
It was written by Stephen Hillenbrand and was released in 2006.
Al Pacino and Bridget Fonda were in this movie.
Ok, anything else you would like to know?
Yes, it is a horror film and yes.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy.
William Directed The Hunted
The Hunted is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller/Crime Fiction movie released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, another fiction book you might enjoy is Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon Surgeon, would you like me to add the book to your list?
The clockwork princess is a science fiction book. Do you want more suggestions in this genre?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones.
Certainly! Enjoy.
Enjoy the book!
Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer from the Twilight series. Do you like thrillers?
Those are all Sci-Fi movies. One of my favorites is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Those are good ones. I haven't seen them but I've heard they're a lot of good movies.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, another movie Josh Hutcherson starred in and produced The Hunger Games Triology.
Okay, enjoy!
Yeah, he's a great singer. Did you know that she is also a singer?
I'm not a big fan of rock. I'm having trouble getting that information. Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snoop Dogg, which is a great movie.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he did. He is also a musician and a model.
No problem :)
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Ex?
The Muppets is a good one. what else can i do for you today?
Mervyn LeRoy what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! Are you referring to the Arsenal sports team?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm always happy to assist. Did you know that the Redskins is the owner of the Dodgers?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
It is a comedy also starring Jane Adams. It is also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes it was released in 2012.
No problem
Sure, he directed Taken 2 and Taken 3. He also directed Colombiana.
Taken 2 stars Liam Neeson and he also starred in Taken 3.
Columbiana stars Taken 2 and Taken 2. It's a thriller.
Enjoy!
Honestly, I don't really follow them. I do know that their coach John Fox seems very effective.
I think it's overrated XXXVIII.
Agreed, Aaron Rodgers have a good job on the team.
Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
Yes, he is a great actor, he starred in the show O.C
If you like her in The O.C., you might also like Sophie Okonedo. Are you a fan of her?
George Clooney is not only a director but he did write and directed it. He also directed The Perfect Score.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by George R.R. Martin. It's a part of a series.
Happy to help. Let me know if I can be of any more suggestions.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is an American singer-songwriter and celebrity friend to Tyga. Are you a fan of hers?
Oh, I don't know much about dance pop. I do know that she is married to David Guetta. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
I don't really know any similar artists. I do know that David Guetta is from Paris, have you seen the film?
Of course, I am afraid I do not have any books similar to Something Borrowed.
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Wedding Date.
Ok. Some thrillers you might like are Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union and Zodiac.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance film Knocked Up. Do you like those type of work?
The film was produced by Bill Bryson, who also produced Pretty Little Liars.
Yes he did and he also starred in Pineapple Express and Superbad. Have you seen those?
Not that I know of. That is a good one.
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure if he has written anything else. Sorry
You're welcome!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place it.
The Disco is in the genre of Thriller
Yes i like them too, i also like the song The Disco.
Oh yea he is such a beautiful singer. I like The Disco
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I haven't seen this movie yet, is it good?
It is a Romantic Comedy. You should check it out.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
The books briefly are in the same genre as The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. They are both historical fiction.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four and Animal Farm: A Fairy Story. Have you read either of those?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about the year of release
I would like to know more
your welcome
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller. Other movies in that genre include, Toy Story, Toy Story, and The House of Mirth.
Ok, I would recommend the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Lady Vengeance stars Robin Williams, Ethan Hawke, and Rip Torn.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy!
Hello, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
The Skulls is a popular one he has produced.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice, which is a Crime Fiction Film, and Heath Ledger.
I don't know about Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park was written by David Koepp. Its considered a science fiction novel.
Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie. You might also like the movie Disclosure with Demi Moore starring in it.
Correct! Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World. He also directed Safety Not Guaranteed.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
He is a golfer right? I don't follow golf too much.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. You can try The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, I have The Silmarillion in the fantasy genre. Would you like me to add one of those to your list?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which has genre Thriller.
My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller. I can also recommend Scream 4. It's starring Kyla Pratt.
Yes! I highly recommend it!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like them?
Then you might like Zombieland, which is a sci-fi film.
You might like Zombieland if you want to watch that one.
Sure! Bob Peck has starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is also a novel. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is also starring in X-Men, Apocalypse Now
Joss Ackland has a genre of Fantasy and Children's literature.
The Little Prince is a historical period drama and is a fantasy.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yeah. I wasn't a big fan of that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's too bad he was in that. He was a voice over actor for Stuck on You.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are animated.
Thanks for letting me know!
Alien is a series of movies and it's a series. The next in the series is Alien. Have you seen them?
Argo and Grabbers are both great sci-fi movies.
Bats was written by Terry Stone and stars Harrison Ford. It's considered a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like The Terminator or The Blade Runner. Have you seen those?
She does, and she also starred in Wrath of the Titans, which is a great sci-fi movie.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Morpurgo. He also directed Corpse Bride.
He is also a screenwriter for the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village and The Slippery Slope. Have you read either of those?
The End is a fantasy and adventure film directed by Grim Grotto. It is based on the true story of a young girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with his wife's life.
Sorry I don't know if he has any books or novels. He writes alot of young adult fiction
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin. I know he was also a musician and a model.
I have not, but I know it is a great family movie. I highly recommend it!
Enjoy! Glad i could help.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you today?
I can recommend a drama called The Manchurian Candidate. It is a political thriller.
It's starring Winona Ryder and Chris Hemsworth.
Glad to help.
He plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan?
Not really, I'm more of a football fan. I prefer American Football. What's your favorite team?
Yes, that's a good one. I also enjoy the books he's written such as The Black Dahlia and Therese Raquin.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by David Huppert. It was released in 1988.
They were both in the Harry Potter series and a book by J.K. Rowling, have you seen the other Harry Potter movies?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in the NBA and I think they play at Arrowhead Stadium.
They are in the AFC West division.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
Yes, 2008 was the year that released The Lady Elizabeth.
If you liked that one then you might like The Truman Show. Have you read it?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres like The Weeknd?
I don't think a whole lot of them are from that area, but I do know if you like R&B. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player from Boston. He currently plays as a point guard for the Boston Red Sox.
I couldn't find any games to catch up on. The Boston Celtics are a good team though.
Sharlto Copley is the final.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Prestige and Inception.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
As far as I know рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem. Glad to help.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I'm a fan of the author, J.K. Rowling. Would you like to read the series?
I think you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. Do any of those sound good?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, he is a player on the Germany national football team. He is a midfielder from west Germany. Do you like football?
He is a soccer player from Germany. His position is midfielder and defender.
Yeah, you are correct. Yuvraj Singh also played for the Pune Warriors in Germany.
The movie starring Robert Duvall, yes it is a good movie.
I like books by Corny Thorns and Roses, they are Speculative fiction books. Want to know more?
Well, she also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert.
Well, there is one similar to The Assassin's Blade, which was also released in 2014.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, it has a genre of Romance and Historical period drama.
Titanic came out in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic.
You are welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Is that your favorite genre?
You might like The Truth About Forever, or The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it's considered a romance. If you like romance novels you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockinjay.
I do not know much about Venus but I know she has won a lot of superb players such as Serena and Venus.
Stefi Graff is a good player, but he played in the London Olympics.
That's interesting. I think she's from Santo António.
Isn't she a pro golfer? I think she was born in Honolulu.
H.S. Lewis is one of my favorites. I'm a fan of speculative fiction.
That's interesting. I hope you give him a try.
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You and One With You.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale has genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like The Handmaid's Tale, you'll really enjoy it!
He is an author and he wrote the movie Zero Dark Thirty. Have you heard of that book?
The move Carlos has genre Thriller and is about World War Z, are you interested in those?
This movie was released on January 15, 1994 starring Al Pacino.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Yes, 2014. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2014. It's a novella and is considered children's literature.
Another fantasy novel you might enjoy is The Shadow Rising. Have you read that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help. Enjoy!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland. It is starring Woody Harrelson
Machine Gun Preacher is a fantasy and Finding Neverland is a romance.
Nicholas Sparks is starring in Neverland.
It was released in 1997 and stars Denzel Washington.
Will do. Enjoy!
You are welcome
Yes I do! He has written A separate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a thriller
Your welcome enjoy
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
Ok. Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, World Without End, Wolf Brother and Twilight are the same.
She is a novelist in 1847.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction or High Fantasy?
Cool, I can recommend The Lightning Thief or The Hunt for Red October.
No problem. I am glad to help.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller or the Drama Aspects?
Sure, he's available. He's a very good actor.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
The Looking Glass Wars and Jurassic Park are two great fantasy movies. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Mindy Kaling has a big resume. Her first claim to fame was starring in The Office.
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling. Do you like Thrillers?
I believe it's a crime fiction
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение and нна лиа.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина.
You're welcome.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position in soccer.
I know a few facts about him including the Wonder Boys and the Incredibles. Have you heard of either of those?
Yes he is a tiertier player.
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a good movie. I think he is kind of a thriller. Have you seen Ocean's Eleven?
He was, along with a lot of other great actors such as Owen Wilson and Joan Rivers.
Ok well, as if you like him you should watch A Christmas Carol if you haven't seen it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that's correct. Did you like she? She also wrote The Cosmic Puppets.
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction. It's that something you'd like to read.
Sure. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll is an actor and he starred in Cars 2. Did you know that?
It's a good one. I have no idea if you like Johnny Depp.
The Rum Diary has genre Young-adult fiction. Definitely a good one for kids.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes I have. It is a team coached by David Platt. Do you like him?
Of course! David Platt, Ian Stoker, and Victoria Bekham are some of his current players
You are welcome, have a good day!
Lauren Oliver wrote Vanishing Girls which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I have heard of Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
It's a teen drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed The Simpson's movie that starred Tom Hanks
It was written by David Silverman. It's genre is Comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is. He has a recurring writer on The Simpsons movie as well.
You too!
He's a cricket player right? I'm not much of a fan, but I do know he is from the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really, I am more of a football fan.
He's written a lot of books. One of my favorites is Lakers.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Of course! Orlando Bloom starred in Zulu, Troy, and in Troy.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you read the whole series?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, it's a young adult fiction. I would recommend The Maze Runner and The Kill Order.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. It was released in 2002.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is also a great book.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I'm unsure if he starred in a TV episode, but he was also in Wonder Woman.
No, he has a TV episode called Happy Gilmore.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
He also starred in Grindhouse and how to Train Your Dragon 2
It starred Reese Witherspoon and Robert Duvall. It's also a thriller.
Enjoy the movie!
Katy Perry is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those sound interesting?
12 things he has starred in. Since you like that one, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Emma Thompson starred in it and Rosario Dawson. It is a really good movie.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I'm also a fan of thrillers. Have you seen The Good Doctor?
Yes, it's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Venus Williams is one of the best in the world tennis players of all time.
Serena is definitely the best female athlete of all time.
Yes, she was.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. Is he your favorite player?
I don't think so. He's a forward.
I don't follow sports much. I prefer American Football.
If you like that movie, I would recommend The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
There are a couple of great comedies that you might like like are There's Something About Mary and Zoolander. Do any of those sound good?
Yes, The Breakfast Club was released in 2004
you are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I don't know much about his music. I am more of a classic rock person.
I agree. Selena Gomez is a very good singer. She has a wonderful voice.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also produced the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Would you like to hear about other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
I am not sure. However, Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking Glass, which is fiction.
Yes, she's a fiction book. She wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is an Indian film director and producer. Would you like to watch that movie?
It's a thriller and action film. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Great, another thriller you might enjoy is Shanghai Calling.
No problem.
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a book written by Philip Kaufman.
Waylander is a similar movie. what else can i do for you?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one you should watch.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a fan?
He plays for the Mumbai Indians and he is from the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he does. He also play the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he is also from India.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
I don't know when it was published. But if you liked the first one you might like Brave New World.
Yes, he did. It is the band name of the band.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton wrote Beyond the Sea, Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read this one?
The genre of The Quiet American is Fantasy and Crime Fiction.
Without Remorse is written by Ian McEwan and is a thriller. It's also in the genre of Horror and Action.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you more interested in something in the same genre?
It is a thriller
Matt Damon starred in it and it's a suspense movie
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Good to know. I don't have any other information on that one. I can give you some other recommendations if you want.
Yes. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
She starred in Men in Black 3 and was also in the movie The Muppets.
That's right! I haven't seen it, but I know it's good to know. Is it an action movie?
Yes. The Client is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Client is starring John Grisham. Have you seen the movie?
You're welcome.
He is a football player, right?
I don't
I enjoy watching college football and baseball
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes the Packer is a great player as well
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I have never heard of soccer, isn't he a good coach?
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a fantasy?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Yes Zoombies is written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthous.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York? It's a short story.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
No problem. Enjoy.
Yes, and she starred in Call Me Maybe in the movie The Voice. Did you see that one?
Yes I did, that's it. She's also a good one.
Oh yea, I love that one! I also like his song Single Ladies. Have you ever heard of it?
Alejandro Amenábar wrote The Cider House Rules. It is a Spanish language movie.
The Others starred Richard Condon, Liam Neeson, and Alejandro Amenábar.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you a fan?
It's a satire and was released in 1856.
If you like romance novels, perhaps you'd like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It's a romance novel written in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels you'll like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Great, one of my favorites is The Return of the Native. Would you like to read it?
Happy to help!
I do too! He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Lord Jim and Heart of Darkness
Yes it's a Simple Tale. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2005
Sure! He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Time Traveler's Wife and The Rules of Attraction. Have you heard of those?
It was written by Cormac McCarthy. The author of Your Heart Belongs to Me is Veronica Roth.
It was released in 1997. That is the same year Your Heart Belongs to Me was released.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre and Into the Wild. Have you read those?
I am not sure. I do know it is a fiction novel.
Enjoy the book!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
Good question. Paulo Coelho wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's literature and a Television film.
He is also an author, she wrote The Big Lebowski which is a very good read.
I don't know much about him. Did you know he is playing for the Boston Red Sox?
Yeah I like to watch basketball. I also like college baseball. Do you?
Yes. Lakers are very good. I am also a Lakers fan.
Yes, O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
Of course, I hope you enjoy the book.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Ok, Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
She wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few.
The Throne of Glass is the next book in the series and was released in 2014. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it!
Wonderful, hope you enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, it is a crime movie, you should check it out.
You are welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
Great choice, another drama movie similiar is The Passage starring Sean Penn have you seen that movie?
No problem have you watch anything else i can help you with?
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. Are you a fan of Evan Goldberg?
I believe he is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt are the main stars in this film.
Do you like this book because it is a romance or because it is a war movie?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It's a romance novel released in 2007. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team in the AFC East division. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
Jerry Jones plays for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know that he also starred in Vanilla Sky?
I'm not sure about Zach Galifianakis but I know he's from Washington DC.
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell and Bill Paxton. It's considered a adventure film.
It is a stand alone film starring Steve Carell and Mila Kunis. Have you seen it?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Do you want to know more about these movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Do you like thrillers?
He's done Zodiac, The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome!
No problem!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in The Kite Runner. The Dark Knight also stars Khaled Hosseini. It's a good movie
Sure, Tate worked on The Help and starred in The Help.
Yes Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up and Splice.
She was in The Women of Brewster Place and Oprah Winfrey.
Sure ! You're welcome !
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was directed by George Lucas. Did you know he also produced Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Indiana Jones and the famous Daniel Craig to name a few.
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this one?
She has also written Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I am not sure but it is a romance novel.
I am not sure but it was released in 2015, have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do either of those sound interesting?
She starred in Postcards from the Edge and Pieces of April. Have you seen any of those?
That is a good one i recommend it if you haven't seen that one.
He also wrote Gossip Girl. Have you seen that one?
OK, I'll add those to your watch list.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, she starred in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Gustave Flaubert wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Would you like to hear more?
Are you a fan of Gustave Flaubert's writing? If so you might like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a classic.
Yes, it is! Another Romance novel you might like is Welcome to Temptation. That's a good read.
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the German national team.
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, and BittBlue
Yes, she also wrote Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
I don't know. However, I know The Velveteen Rabbit is speculative fiction
A book like The Velveteen Rabbit is in the Speculative genre. Like this one is Children's literature
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
Not much. But I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
I haven't. But my favorite quarterback has to be Tom Brady. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Are you a fan of the Buffalo Bills?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Lost Hero has genre Romance
Yes,The Titan's Curse is a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Monsters University Movie
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is written by Dan Scanlon and stars Tyler Labine. It is a family movie
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written several books such as The Titan's Curse and The Other Boleyn Girl. Are you familiar with those?
The Prince is a Science Fiction.
Wuthering Heights and The Magician King are also self-help books.
Yes, he's fantastic! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
No, but if you haven't heard much about him, he's a singer-songwriter, but some of his songs are catchy and jazz.
Wow, I haven't heard a lot of his music out, but I have seen a few movies based on his music career.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book by Rebecca Skloot and it has a genre of historical period drama.
Sure, Walk the Line is a novel written by Amy Tan, released in 2005. It starred Xander Berkeley and Omari Hardwick.
Sure, it's a good book! It was written by Richard Kelly.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink.
As a matter of fact I was not a fan of Taylor Swift, one of my favorite singers. I like some of her songs from the 90's.
I don't really know much about her music. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica.
Sure, would you like to know some movies she stars in?
White Squall is starring Jeff Bridges. Do you like his movies?
Are you looking for something similar to Coming of Age?
If you haven't seen The Secret Life of Bees, I highly recommend it.
You too!
Sure. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you familiar with these?
It's a Suspense influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
I don't know, but I can tell you he has a lifetime. He writes a lot of poetry.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. Did you know that he also starred in Marley & Me?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I am a fan of the westerns. I haven't seen that movie before but I'll check it out
Sure, it is a horror movie starring Johnny Depp and Dwayne Johnson. It was released in 2006. I highly recommend it.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture is also in Rocky IV. Do you like him?
The Other Boleyn Girl, and Desmond Llewelyn starred in the film.
Are you looking for other books written by Cassandra Clare?
The genre is Fantasy and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
That's a great one. Cassandra Clare wrote The Iron Trial and Lady Midnight in the same genre as well. If you haven't read either of these already, you'll really enjoy them!
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
It is starring Nicky Katt, Morgan Freeman, and Robert De Niro to name a few.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's cool. Did you know he competed in the 2012 Olympics?
I am not a big fan of swimmers, but I did catch a match on the olympics for the summer olympics.
Definitely!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about him?
It's a romantic comedy. You may also like the film called Suck on You. It's starring Matt Damon.
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a Crime Fiction film.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure, but I can tell you it also starred William Petty and Emily Blunt.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes he is
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter and musician. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but I believe he is from South Africa
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in it and it was a comedy.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a Tourist drama starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. Does that sound interesting to you?
It stars Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. Do you know either of those actors?
I am not sure of the answer for that.
The first one was written by Charlaine Harris. It is a crime fiction.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
I agree! I think Steve Kerr is the coach of the team. Who is your favorite player?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yeah, I didn't know that. Is he a point guard in basketball?
Jane Eyre is a fiction book. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes he is the author of Jane Eyre. Another good one is Veronica Roth.
Certainly, one of my favorites is Xenocide.
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching basketball and baseball. What about you?
No, I didn't know that.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
I don't know a whole lot, but I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
The authoi was written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction. Another book you might like is The sea of Monsters.
Yes he did. He directed The Secret Life of Bees which is a biography.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet and Prince of Denmark didn't he?
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
It is. Shakespear's Tale was released in 1600.
Sure. Added to your list.
he plays for the Germany national football team and FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, he is. Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really but I know a lot about soccer. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you follow it?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
No I didn't, but I know she won Juno award for Video of the Year!
Certainly. She has also starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe, I think you would like it.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Would you like to see that?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson. It is a romance novel.
Amelie is a romance film.
Yes, he directed The Hunted. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller.
It is written by Robert C. O'Brien and stars Denzel Washington.
It is starring Craig T. Nelson and he starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
She is also in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
You're welcome
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football League.
Yeah, I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. They're a NFC south team. Do you like football?
I like the 49ers. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a really good one. However, Somewhere I Belong was released in 2012.
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is very popular and has a lot of other rock bands. I think you might like The Cabin in the Woods and Somewhere I Belong.
Yes, I enjoy watching football. I am a Redskins fan.
Yeah, they did. They also had a sequel to Super Bowl XXVIII. I think the Philadelphia Eagles will make it.
Tom Brady and the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's. Are you a Patriots fan?
Sure! Do you like books by Truman Capote? Or are you more interested in Crime Fiction?
Yes, Truman Capote also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it is. The Cat in the Hat is another good movie.
Garfield was directed by Tom Cruise. Another good movie starring Tom Cruise is You've Got Mail.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Not really, but I do know that Brooklyn Nets is owned by Woody Allen. Do you like basketball?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a great movie by the same author. I heard it was an awesome movie. She starred in it!
She was in The Book of Eli which was an animated film.
Ashton Kutcher was the main character in Ted.
Enjoy!
Sure! Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes, that is correct. He was also in The Birdcage.
I don't remember when it was released. I do know it was written by Stephen King.
Yes I do, I think it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller in my opinion.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Waiting also stars Susan Sarandon and Angela Bassett.
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it's a war movie?
Well he starred in Good Will Hunting and The People Speak. Have you seen those?
Well, he's been in some great action movies. He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director of Boyhood is J.K. Rowling.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that this movie is starring Nicky Katt.
Great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
In the movie The King Kong is a horror movie. If you like horror movies you should check out The Incredibles.
It is categorized as a drama.
You may like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
It's a good one. It's starring Naomi Watts from the 80's.
They are a sports team. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though.
They are pretty good. Who's your favorite player?
Are you a fan of the Steelers?
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Channing Tatum also starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down and The White Queen.
The Vow is starring Matt Damon and Mindy Kaling. It is a fantasy adventure film.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also starred in WALL-E which is a sci-fi and action film.
Certainly!
Thrillers similar to The Dead Zone which is a thriller you might enjoy.
Yes, he was in The Lion King. Have you seen that?
If you haven't seen the other one, you might enjoy The Running Man and The Matrix Revolutions. Are you familiar with those?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
It is a Thriller/Horror. Shia LaBeouf also starred in I, Robot.
Sure. Have a great day!
Isn't he a soccer player?
oh ok but i still like Fabio Capello too. what about you?
I love hockey and baseball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he also wrote The Other Guys and Step Brothers. Have you seen those?
they are a great k-pop boy band. do you like them?
I've been listening to South Korea with a little bit of everything. I'd like to learn a new song from them called The Art of Asking.
I'm not sure. I don't think so. Is that a genre of music?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Natasha Richardson and Tyler Mane starred in it. It is a great movie.
Enjoy the movie!
Enjoy the movie!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
Great! If you like non-fiction books I can recommend The Power of Forgiveness.
Hellboy is a great movie. If you like the movie because it is a comedy, you should check out Toy Story 2.
Tom Hanks, Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman starred in this movie.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he is a famous author from Spain. He wrote The Cider House Rules. Have you heard of it?
That's a good question. He was a physician who was also a physician.
No, I don't know about his films. I know that he is in a martial arts film, and is also a drama.
Those are both well-known actors. A couple of the most well-known actors would be James Cromwell. Have you seen it?
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a crime and drama film.
Yes! A similar drama you might enjoy is The Manchurian Candidate starring Anne Hathaway. It is a fantasy movie.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt is listed as a Writer and Screenwriter.
Yes, that's correct. Have a good day!
I haven't either but I know he is from New York.
Thanks for letting me know!
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The Emperor's New Groove.
Yes science fiction. Are you into sci-fi movies?
Yes, he is a great actor. I have seen it and you should check it out.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal
Yes there is one called White Nights and the other one is written by David Ayer
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Keir Dullea and Jeffery Rush.
I don't believe it was the year that released The Secret Life of Violet Grant. Would you like to know more about the book?
Certainly! I hope you like it!
I do, he's from Oakland is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yeah, he's from Oakland. I didn't know he was a point guard. Is he a good player?
No, but I've seen a movie on TV. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
Grinhouse was written by Rhett Reese. It's a Thriller.
Grindhouse is starring Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. It's a Fantasy/Comedy.
Sorry there is no one similar to Big Fish. Titanic is also a good one and so is Die Another Day
Yes, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph and Transformers.
Yes, Vivica A. Fox is a good one. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, have you seen that?
It has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Rock, and Sam Rockwell. It was released in 2002.
It is a Romance Film, you might like it.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
The Nets are a basketball team. The Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
That is a great movie. Are you a fan of sci-fi or action movies?
The movie was directed by Glenn Plummer. Would you like to know other action movies?
It is a action movie directed by Kenny Baker and released in 1986.
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is also in the Speculative Fiction genre, and it is a romance novel.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Great, you are very welcome!
I know she is a tennis player from India. I'm not sure if you're a big fan either.
Not really, I know that Serena is from Mumbai. I just know that she starred in the comedy Hair Show with her sister Serena.
Yes, she is definitely successful. Have you seen the movie Hair Show?
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard.
These movies are Thriller and Drama.
Not sure, but Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by that author?
Yes, it is written by Issac Ashes. It's also a novel.
She wrote Madame Bovary. That's a romance and a biography. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and songwriter. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I don't know of any of her song. However, I know he is also a singer.
That was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David S. Buck, and released You've Got Mail.
You're welcome.
He starred in The Fountain which is a good movie. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen this movie. I've heard it's a good movie. It also starred Ramirez and Clint Eastwood.
Nicolas Cage starred in it. I am sure you'll like it.
Awesome, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Teri Garr. It is a comedy.
Sure. How about A Christmas Carol? It's a comedy about troubled youth.
Will do!
Enjoy the movie!
He is the author of Water for Elephants. Have you read this book?
Good question! It was written by Sara Gruen and was a Romance film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in Boyhood.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy and Leo Tolstoy.
I'm not sure. However, Leo Tolstoy wrote Anna Karenina? Have you seen it?
Anytime! I'm glad to help.
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. what else can i do for you?
Yes she is a great author. I would also recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She was also great in that movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Yes, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network.
Yes, some other films are: What the Night Knows and Good Will Hunting.
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Seabiscuit is a great book by him. It's a fantasy. You might like it.
Yeah, he's a great writer. I liked him in The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those sound interesting?
It is starring John Carpenter and is the sequel to The Fog. The Fog has Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
She certainly is! I'm sure you will love it!
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction Drama.
The Fellowship of the Ring has the genre fantasy. Would you like to hear about other books with the same author?
Women in Love was written by Natasha Richardson. She also wrote School of Rock
He also wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Inception has starred Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, Teri Garr, Sci-Fi and many more.
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy children's literature written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes. The Chocolate War was published in 2008. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another good children's literature book.
It was released in 1974. It's a part of a series of books.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in this?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama.
In 2012. It's a romance. Do you like romances?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies. Have you heard of that book?
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a book.
The genre is fantasy
The Golden Compass starring Philip Pullman
it is directed by Chris Weitz
AFG is a fantasy book. The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote The Hobbit.
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more?
I believe it is! The Last Colony is speculative fiction and science fiction genre. Would you like to read it?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History.
Dinna Tarrt was born in Houston, Texas.
You're welcome.
Jojo Moyes wrote that one. You might also like The One Plus One.
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Yep, he also wrote Looking for Alaska.
Oh. Yes. Can I help you with anything else?
That's a good one. I also recommend The Fault in Our Stars if you like young-adult fiction.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those ?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I do! He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen either of those?
The Goon is starring Ian McKellen, it is a fantasy movie
The movie stars Johnny Depp and is a comedy genre movie
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro and it is a Speculative fiction novel released in 2002.
Yes! There is a movie based on Pan's Labyrinth.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a Spanish film.
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is in the same genre as well.
Awesome! Happy to help!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
That's interesting. Did you know he also starred in The Christmas Blessing?
Yes Michael York also wrote a version of the Vampire Chronicles so you should check it out
Yes, I like it. I think you may like the muders in San Francisco. Have you read it?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. The only thing I know about the movie is Frédéric Mugler. Have you seen it?
I'm not a fan of dramas. But I do know The Godfather Part II is an animated film.
He also starred in The Apostle starring Al Pacino.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Tree of Life and The Thin Red Line, have you seen them?
I recommend The Tree of Life and The Game. Have you seen them?
Me too! He starred in You Can't Take It with You.
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, you can watch The Invisible Man or The Book Of Mormon.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I haven't heard about her, but if I'm honest. Did you know she was born in Sao Paulo?
I actually don't know much about her, except that she's a singer. I love her music. I'm also a fan of hers.
Yeah, I sure do! Isn't she an artist?
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are the coach and Jose Mourinho is the coach.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The author is James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
your welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a children's book. Do you like those types of books?
Yes it was made into a movie starring Kevin Spacey
You are welcome, goodbye.
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Would you like more by that author?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre.
its a good question that I don't have the information for the movie but I can tell you that The Secret Life of Bees is a fantasy
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Yes, she wrote The Invisible Man and The Island of Dracula.
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, I hope you like them!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. It's starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee among many others. Do you enjoy fantasy movies?
Well it was directed by Peter Hyams. He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Anything else I can help you with?
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Yeah, he owns the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like the Texans?
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Woody Harrelson and Earl Coughlin are both in it!
It came out in 1847.
It's a classic, it's about unrequited love and it was released in 1847. It's starring Michael Cristofer and Emily Bronte. I recommend it.
I do, she wrote The Good Earth which is a historical period drama. Do you like fiction?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is also a romance and a romance. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry I do not have that information. I can tell you The Waves was a historical period drama.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova the professional tennis player?
Yes, she has won more than 31 titles so she won the 2008 PGA Championship.
I don't know much about basketball either. I know a little bit about basketball. What is your favorite sport?
Wow, I didn't know he is a cricket player, right?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart and The Truth. Do either of those interest you?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the books!
Enjoy your book!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes, he is the writer of Zak Penn
The movie was released in 2014
Glad to help
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is a similar film.
You might enjoy The Favourite if you haven't seen it already. It also has Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Sure! He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you heard of that one?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy thriller. I think you would enjoy it.
He has also starred in a thriller called The Maltese Falcon.
Sure, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away. Want to know more?
Tootsie is probably the most popular one. It's a Romance and Historical period drama.
Enjoy!
Okay, no problem!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
It has a mystery in it. Do you like that genre?
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller and was released in 2011.
I do! I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Have you seen the Seahawks play at Shea Stadium?
Do you know anything about the Seahawks , especially their stadium is very loud
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli. It was released in 1999 and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure! Milkweed, Maniac Magee and Maniac Magee are some examples.
Of course! Wicked Lovely was released in 2005 and is a young-adult fiction.
I think he is a good athlete. I really like him in the sport. How about you?
That's true. He had a record 23 grand slam singles titles.
I haven't watched much tennis since he had a PPV event with him.
Yes, Mary GrandPre was an adventure film and she also wrote The Jungle. Do you like adventure films?
You are correct. The Half-Blood Prince is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Sure Do you like the author Liane Moriarty or the genre Young-adult fiction?
Yes she did and it was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those books?
You're welcome. Enjoy it!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season. They're 6-6 right now.
ok i think he will be a good coach
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth.
Sure she wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's non-fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, if you want something else to check out The Ip Man.
Great! Have a good day!
Yes, Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Phil Lord directed it.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down as well.
You're very welcome.
It was written and directed by Sean Penn. It is a biographical movie.
Cool, I can add it to your list!
Yes she was, and she also starred in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a Sci-Fi drama
You might enjoy World War Z, or Wolverine, you might like that.
Zombieland stars Max Brooks, Bill Murray and Derek Graf.
I don't know when it was released, I do know he also starred in Zombieland
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown.
Yeah, I think you might also enjoy V for Vendetta. Do you like Vampires?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wolf Brother. Those are both Speculative fiction.
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote ?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor, have you read that?
It is a romance and was released in 1929. Would you like to know more about this?
Groundhog Day stars Matt Damon and is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
Charlie Hunnam and Nicholas Cage starred in Year One.
Yes he was Ghostbusters II. Do you like movies written by him?
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, there is Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back or Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
You might enjoy The Incredibles. It is also starring Ryan Reynolds and Tom Hanks.
Yes! It is also very good. It is also a sci-fi movie and stars Hugh Jackman.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but it's very good Thriller/Science Fiction
Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Sea Wolf. Would you like to know more about this?
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Of course! The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you looking for more by this author?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
I know it was written by Joel Coen, but I haven't seen it before.
Well, there's a whole series of movies he's starred in. X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Terry Pratchett.
Do you like The Dictator because it is a thriller?
It is an action/adventure film. It also starred Samuel L. Jackson.
It is. You may like Zombieland. It is also a spy movie.
No problem!
It was written by Jojo Moyes. It's a Young-adult fiction
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
No problem, enjoy!
Great choice, he's written The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, it is and he also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin.
Well, there's The Third Musketeers and The One Musketeers from the Robin Hood series that is the same genre as the Robin Hood story.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would recommend X-Men 2.
Hope you enjoy the movie
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel to that and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next movie in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is a coming of age story about a young boy who runs a ranch and the mother's picture of a baby, a tiger like he does. The book was released in 2011.
Yes, Walking Disaster is a very good one.
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Marcus Chong, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Do the actors or writer interest you?
Have you watched Tune in tomorrow ? It's a good movie.
It's a good one! Then you'll probably like The Matrix Reloaded as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She's a lyricist. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. I guess you can't go wrong with her music.
Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Revolutions and Speed Racer. Have you seen either of those?
OK, have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are very good romances.
It is! Did you know that Wachowski directed it?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction books?
You might enjoy the Vampire Academy series by Richelle Mead. She has also written The Golden Lily which is also a Young-adult fiction.
It was released in 2011, have you read the whole Vampire Academy series?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it and it was released in 2011
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/ Adventure movie?
The Lego Movie starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
Some similar movies are Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, and Zoolander 2. You may enjoy those if you are interested.
Will Ferrell's most famous movie in the Action/Adventure movies as well as X-Men 2. You might enjoy those as well!
Great! You'll enjoy it.
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You might enjoy The Princess Diaries by Marue Hindle. She was influenced by Stephen King
Yes. The Modern Prometheus was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, they are all written in English.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote My Soul to Take and The World According to Garp.
It was released in 1856, and it's considered a classic.
Yes, she did. It's a fantasy novel by Gustave Falubert. Do you like this genre?
I know they are in the NFC South Division. They play in the NFC South division. Do you follow football?
I know that the Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas Cowboys.
I love hockey and baseball as well. I think the Hamilton Hamilton is also from Charlotte, have you been there?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2. It is directed by Joel Cohen
Yes, you are correct! There are a few more titles in it, including Tom Hanks, Bonnie Hunt and John Ratzenberger
It's a great romantic comedy!
Done. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan?
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl for the commercials. I can't explain it, how about you?
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
Sure, it was written by Stephen King and stars Thomas Lennon and Anne Hathaway.
He has also starred in Thor and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen those?
Anne Hathaway was also in it. You should check it out!
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It is a great comedy.
He also starred in What's Up Doc. Have you seen that one?
Of course! "The Wolf of Wall Street" is another good one.
He was in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring Gerard Butler and Richard Portnow. He also starred in The Mist which is an action/adventure film.
That's a great crime fiction movie. Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? It is also a good thriller.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
The Matrix Revolutions is a good one and so is the fifth element.
You're welcome
Yes I am, she has a wonderful voice. She has written so many songs to choose from. Do you like her?
I don't know of any of her songs. I do know she has a decent voice. I think I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio.
Yeah, that's right. I think she's a good actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Sure! He wrote The captain of the Argentina national football team. Have you read this one yet?
It's a Memoir. It was released in 2005. You should read it.
Yes. You may be interested in the book. It's Spanish and it's also in Spanish.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
No problem
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery. Do you like his movies?
Capone is a thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
Capone is a drama and a crime fiction movie. Do you like crime fiction?
It is starring Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando
You're welcome
No, but I know it was written by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011.
It is a thriller I believe, do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Matrix is also a good Drama movie I recommend it
This movie stars Thomas Lennon and Liam Neeson
You're Welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
I believe it to be a romance novel. Does that interest you?
Well if you like Young Adult Fiction, I think you would like The Book of Mormon. It's considered a fantasy.
Glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
You might like the Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor if you like fantasy.
I'm not sure who starred in that movie. I do know that it's a fantasy movie.
you're welcome.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance. Do you like romance novels?
Shopaholic and Baby is my favorite too!
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, it is a fantasy novel
Yes, Voyager is written by Sarah Dessen
No problem
The Search is a good one! It was released in 1943. Have you read that book?
Yes it was released in 1943 I think you are correct
Yes it was in the English language
I love football. I think he is from Belgium. How about you?
Nice. What team do you follow?
Oh really? I am a Dodgers fan. My favorite team is the Reds!
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What's yours?
Yes, he's an actor who starred in many movies. Did you see Zodiac? He's one of those.
Yes, I have seen it. I'm a fan of David Fincher's.
Yes, he's also directed Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel, and the MTV Video Music Award Forever.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002.
Yes, William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a sci-fi novel called The Princess Bride
If you are looking for a novel by Goldman, he wrote a version of the Harry Potter series.
No problem!
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Have you read any of those?
I would recommend Witches Abroad and When You Reach Me. They are all great reads.
No problem, enjoy!
Stan Lee is the main actor in the movie.
Yes, she is. She was also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Wonder Woman.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
If you like the genre of that book, you might like The Things Fall Apart. It was written by Chinua Achebe.
You are welcome. Is that anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it.
Your welcome.
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Biography. Do you like those genres?
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Robert Davi. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
The Weekend is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are right! I think Echoes of Silence was also great in the movie The Morning.
It looks like they were influenced by the song The Weeknd. Did you know they won a lot of awards?
I do! It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like thrillers, you should check out The Firm. It's a thriller and is also in the drama genre.
It was released in 1943 and is a drama/fantasy.
I'm not sure of the genre for that novel, but if you want to read another book by Jeffery Deaver, that is in the suspense genre.
Yes. It is written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books to read.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket is really good as well as The Cat in the Hat. Do you like them?
You're welcome.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorites.
I do like his music. Do you like Maroon 5?
Yes. X Factor is a comedy with Adam Levine.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Are you referring to the Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Well, if you like fantasy you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobby.
The movie was released in 2002.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right, and it's a fantasy.
He was influenced by Micheal Cunningham and Christopher Hitchens Somewhere.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature and fantasy.
You're welcome!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
It's a comedy/drama starring Scarlett Johansson and was released in 2010.
Ok, i'm sure you will like it!
Actors Paul Sparks, and Scarlett Johansson starred in the X-Men movies.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. You might like either of those?
Yes, Uma Thurman starred in that one. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
The are a team in the NFL. My favorite team is the steelers. Do you watch a lot of football?
I don't know much about him, he also had a hand in the Navy.
I do not know. I do know he passed away in 1958.
Robert Duvall starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Of course, Zodiac, The Apostle, and The House of Mirth are all in the Indie genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sang a Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
no i didnt know she is a composer and lyricist. do you like her?
yea that is true. Wayman : Team with  [Z no shmetsu].
that is a great one do you like basketball?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Probably the same, he had a relationship with Cameron Diaz, Selena Gomez, also Justin.
I personally haven't heard much of his music. Is he a good actor or an artist?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is the first book.
I am not sure about that. However, Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Lord of the Rings and Troy. Would you like to know more?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Sea of Monsters.
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Then you'll love The Winds of Winter. This series was written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Simpson's movie. Have you seen that?
He also directed and produced The Simpsons Movie. He also directed My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Ok, then you'll like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, or The Manchurian Candidate
Enjoy it!
Sure, she wrote Wicked and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
It sure was. While it was a play, you might like another play.
No, I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Chronicles of Narnia and Man of Steel. Do you like any particular genre?
Aside from being a writer, Mel Gibson, it also starred James Robinson and Michael Byrne.
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
The Bonesetter's Daughter is good if you haven't already seen it.
It's a novel in the English language. Would you like to read it?
It was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Two for the Money and the Son of Neptune. Have you seen these movies?
It's starring Kevin Spacey, Mark Wahlberg, and Olivia Wilde to name a few.
I can't wait to check out his other films, but he did star in The Duty Man as well.
Hope you enjoy the movies!
Sure, Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you more about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right. Paul Werstine wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream
Yes. Gnomeo & Juliet was written by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I don't know if it is a movie, but it is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin. You should check this out!
He's been in lots of movies, I like him. He was also in The Green Mile if you like him.
OK, have a good day!
I hope you enjoy them.
I think his last album was released in 2016. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, it was a popular song from the past. You should watch it.
I like him as well. I'm a fan of Kyla Pray. He has a nice voice.
Not really a fan of them. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
Its a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94. You watch Ultimate Fighting Champions?
He also plays for the Brazilian national football team.
Yeah, I believe she's American.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure! Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
The movie stars John Ratzenberger and Danny DeVito. It's also a children's movie.
Enjoy the movie!
I know he was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like his music?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller movie. Do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a thriller and stars Denis O'Hare.
I know he starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you read that one?
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Smoking are examples. Anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 1981. I recommend it if you haven't read it before.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're very welcome.
The Historian wrote The Historian and The Last Templar. This book is also a film.
Gone Girl is another great suspense novel by the same author. Have you read it?
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Dick Hall. It's in the Thriller genre.
Thank you. Have a great day!
Book Thief is young-adult fiction written by Markus Zusak. Do you like this author?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Who starred in it?
Yes! He was also in Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you seen them?
It's a Thriller/Romance if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't it star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, Val Kilmer is in it as well.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Correct. Kristen Stewart played the lead role in Snow White. Do you like her movies?
He also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Thin Red Line
You're welcome!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology novel written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, it's a young adult fiction by Rick Riordan. Would you like to read it?
No problem. Enjoy!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, but i'm a fan of Snoop Dogg. Do you like his music?
That's right, she's a good actress. She also starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Her Father.
I am not sure about that, but I can give you some other recommendations if you want.
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
It's a good movie starring Will Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
Certainly! He wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
You might like Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen those?
I don't know if you've Got Mail is a Comedy. But if you've Got Mail is a good one.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview with Evan Goldberg and it was released in 2012. Have you seen it?
Great! Another film starring Emma Watson is No Problem. Have a great day!
Yes, This is the End is a comedy and drama movie. You should check it out when you have time.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avildsen is the daughter of Keanu Reeves. He also directed the Karate Kid. Have you seen that?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also directed The Tempest. Have you seen it?
The Last Dragon stars Roy Scheider, Kirsten Dunst and Danny DeVito. It is a fantasy movie.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Glad to help
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Queen of Attolia is a fantasy
Yes, if you like this movie you will like Welcome to the Monkey House
There are 3 movies in this series. The Order of the Phoenix has 3 movies in the series.
Yes, this is written by J.K. Rowling
you are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read either of these?
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
If you like that one, you might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. He was in a Rom Com - Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Adam Arkin and it's a comedy.
He sure did. He also starred in The Wishsong of Shannara and The Giver.
Yes, he did. He also starred in "The Wrestler" and "The Rules of Attraction."
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer, who played all formats of the game. He is a left-handed opening batsman who plays domestic cricket for Delhi Daredevils
No, I'm more of a football fan. One of my favorite teams is the Lakers. Have you seen it?
I do. I like tennis. Serena Williams is great. How about you?
Wow. I didn't know he was a Tennis Player too. I wonder if he's any good or not.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's a good movie. I liked Space Jam. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Ivan Reitman. I know he also produced Ghostbusters.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
It is speculative fiction.
Cool, I recommend The Lightning Thief
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button? It is in the same genre.
This Side of Paradise was released in 1926.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those ?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Michael Crichton is actually a film and he produced Jurassic Park. He also produced the TV show Disclosure. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Michael Crichton is related to Crichton. He also wrote the book Disclosure with Demi Moore.
It's an excellent book. It's written by Jeffrey Eugenides.
You are welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help.
Well, he starred in The Incredibles, which is a great movie!
Yes he does! Jason Lee also wrote and starred in The Incredibles!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Great Expectations and David Copperfield are two great reads by him.
Yes, it's a biography. Do you like biography?
Seamus Heaney and The Bourne Identity
That is a good song by Ed Sheeran. He wrote You Need Me, I Don't Meet You. Do you like this song?
Yes, it was. Did you know that he is from the United Kingdom?
Yes, he's a good singer. Let's see he's also on The Voice.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Sure! Do you like books written by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
The Thief of Always was written by Stephen King. Would you like to read it?
He has also written Thief of All the Light We Cannot see. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. I also like Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might like The Return of the King. It's also fantasy.
Yes, she is an author and a musician.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! I haven't read any of his new books. Did you know Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
It's a detective fiction novel. Do you like detective fiction?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock is a short story.
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
I am not sure if there are any other films filmed in Mexico. Did you know The Girl on the Train is a comedy?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I've only seen her daughter's song One Time. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, she's a great actress. I liked her in Elf!! Does she star in a movie too?
Yes! He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film starring Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
No, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like movies starring Johnny Depp?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Next Door and The Courier.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in it.
Yes, she's starred in The Wrestler.
No, it is really good. I think you will love it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He also directed Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are. Do you enjoy those?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like thrillers?
I highly recommend Tales of Beedle the Bard if you haven't read that one.
You're welcome!
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It is starring Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Are you a fan of either?
The Power of the lead character is Veronica Roth. She is a great actress!
Yes. There is a film similar to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is also a film.
That was by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks. Have you read either of those?
It sure is. It is in the English language. Another book in the English language is The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read that one?
ok great enjoy your book.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-Fi. Do you like these genres?
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: the Last Stand.
Ricky Jay and Randall Park just to name a few. I highly recommend it.
Cool, have you seen Last Exorcism?
I know he is a country singer, songwriter and musician from Nashville. You like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like this type of music?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
Equilibrium starring Emily Watson and has a genre of Thriller if you like that genre.
Great, you should try Days of Blood & Starlight if you haven't seen that yet
No problem, enjoy!
He is a singer, songwriter and author. He wrote The Verdict
I am not sure but I know there is a movie too
Crime Fiction genre is crime fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by her are The Selection and The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection are also written by her.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome
Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt I would recommend
Yes, Nicky Katt also starred in Wrath of the Titans. Have you seen that?
Sure, Anything else I can help you with?
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote that book. Would you like to know more about the book?
Sure, Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, just to name a few.
Are you interested in Looking for Alaska?
Glad I could help. Enjoy the book!
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
That is correct. He was also in The Matrix Revolutions and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He was born in Santaland Diaries was released in 2008. I don't know if he has directed movies like that one.
apologize, I do not have that information. Did you know he was influenced by John Grisham?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars as well as The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Do either of those interest you?
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels. It sounds like something that you might be interested in.
Happy to help!
Charles Frazier is an American author. He wrote several famous novels such as Thirteen Moons and the book that went to film called Cold Mountain. Are you a fan?
Thirteen Moons has genre Thriller and Drama. Do you enjoy these genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. It's a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I am not a big fan of their music. I am more of a boy band fan.
Yes! He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and also stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and playwright.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Yes, he sure did. He is also a table tennis player.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he seems to be a good author. Do you need more information about the author?
It appears to be in English
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt was a writer and he wrote The Story of Success.
You are welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like these actors?
Goodfellas is starring Robert De Niro. He also starred in The Godfather and The Dark Knight.
Sure. Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Robert De Niro?
Sandra Bullock starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Inside Job.
you are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Yes, Beneath stars in What Lies Beneath and also Holly Hunter, it is a drama film.
The movie was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team based in Boston, Pennsylvania. The team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't watch much basketball. I am more of a Lakers fan.
Nice, I'll have to check out one of their games!
Yes he starred in the Pianist with Thomas Kretschmann.
Yes that is true he is in a relationship with Robert De Niro
Yes, I haven't seen it but I've heard it was written by Simon West
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature book. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy your book!
Yes, do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
Right, he wrote a movie called The Day After Tomorrow, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tom McCarthy starred in that.
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, a crime thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sorry i don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information at the moment. However I can tell you that Gravity was also released in 2012.
I'm sorry I don't have any Sci-Fi examples but i can recommend some other films similar to Gravity. Gravity was released in 2013.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Las Vegas. Did you know that they were owned by businessman Mark Davis?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like the Raiders?
Definitely. Do you like the San Diego Chargers?
It was written by Christopher Nolan and starring Michael Caine. Are you interested in thrillers?
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also starred in The Dark Knight
Rebecca Hall starred in Gone in Sixty Seconds and The Prestige.
No problem
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
I am not sure, but it is a war novel.
There is a similar book to that one called Cloverfield. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote Tempted, Tempted, and Revealed. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. That's a good book. Did you know it was written by Charles Dickens?
It is. Do you like that book because it is a romance?
I didn't know that. Did you know that Zadie Smith is also a scientist?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen this one?
Cars was released in 2004. I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Cars 2 has a guest starred in the movie Tinker Bell. I would highly recommend it.
Of course, enjoy and have a great day!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She was married to Hayden Panettiere at one time. She starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, and Denzel is also talented too. He also produced The Titans and directed A Bug's Life.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't really know much about them. What's your favorite team?
Which team do you follow?
Yes, that one was released in 1990 and was written by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman. You like her work?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
Some good Speculative fiction books are Witches Abroad and Wintersmith
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I believe he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client.
The Silence of the Lambs is a comedy/drama starring Anthony Heald. He also produced and directed This is Spinal Tap.
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs as well. That is also a comedy-drama.
Enjoy the movie!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen all the movies in the series?
Shia Lebouf also starred in Armageddon. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Running Man or The Manchurian Candidate.
I am not familiar with him, I do know that he is a basketball player from the United States of America.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they were a Bulls player as well as X-Men 2.
Crescendo is next in the series.
yes, thats correct. Spells is part of a series
It is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
A little. I think he's an English golf player, right?
I feel the same way, I am not much of a golf fan either. I do know he is in a relationship with Tiger Woods, right?
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I know very little about it
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their quarterback for the Dolphins. Do you like the team?
Oh, ok. We are big NC State fans here. Are you a fan?
Not really a fan of theirs too! They were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
Rayuela was released in 1963 in English and released in 1963.
Sorry, am unable to help you more.
I don't know much other than she is a singer. Is she any good?
Yes I know The Giver is a science fiction movie. Did you know she is also a producer?
The Giver is a historical period drama. The Giver is also in the genre of young adult fiction.
Are youreferring to the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Looking for Alaska.
It is a fiction. Also classified as young adult fiction. Is that something you would like?
No problem. Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he was in Murder by Death. Would you like more information about Murder by Death?
I have not. But if you like crime fiction I recommend Welcome to Temptation.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno directed Finding Neverland. It is starring William Hurt and Zach Galifianakis. Do you like his movies?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in Wedding Crashers. Have you seen that one?
Of course! Have you seen Welcome to Temptation? It is a great family movie.
It is! Tim Allen was also great in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
Larry Crowne is one of my favorites. I think you would like it too.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is starring Steven Spielberg and James Franco. Do you like them?
The Goonies is a movie starring Robin Williams, but i haven't seen it yet. Does that sound good?
Yes, the movie was released in 2010. Another good movie by Steven Spielberg is Shark Night.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, you can try Zombieland. It's a great movie.
He also starred in Zombieland. That's a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the movie also stars Marlon Brando and other Marlon Brando, would you like to know about other movies starring in The Godfather?
Tony Jay directed The Scent of a Woman. He also directed several other great movies.
It is! He is also a director.
He has starred in lots of films, but a few I think you would like to watch that. He is a great actor.
It's a crime fiction film. It's written and directed by Joel Coen.
Great! You should check out The Men Who Stare at Goats. It's a crime film.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I am not sure about that but I know she is a singer like Taylor Swift.
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. They are my favorite from time to time. They are my sons favorite. They are my sons favorite.
I personally like their music, but I don't really know any of their music. I'm more of a fan of Linkin Park's tv show. Do you like tv show?
They're pretty dynamic on and off the top of my head. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. What about you?
Yes, he starred in movies like You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
He was also in Twilight, which is a science fiction film.
He's been in quite a few such as The Incredibles and The Road to El Dorado.
You're right. Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Nightingale. It's a very good film.
The Family Stone is a great movie. Diane Keaton also starred in The Last Exorcism and The Portable Atheist.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. What else can I do for you today?
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
How about The Collected Poems from Sylvia Plath?
I am not a big fan of his. I do know he won a lot of awards including NBA Rookie of the Year and The Wiz.
Good question, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
That's the one. The whale is written by John Lennon. It's a great story.
Yes, I can. He directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't know who directed Zoolander. Sorry, but i know it was written by Frank Miller.
Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder, you might like it.
He wrote II Principe in 1513.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on that. But I can tell you it was released in 1513.
Oh you must give it a try! It was released in 1513. It's a classic!
Sure. He wrote The Lion King and The Wardrobe. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2005. Have you read it?
It's in the English language.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a fantasy novel and the genre is fiction
Yes, it's a musical. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
It stars Thomas Lennon, Jora Fox, and its a suspense genre
You are welcome !
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the world right now.
Wow, I didn't know that. Real Madrid is a soccer team. Do you follow soccer?
I didn't know they were a team. Who is your favorite player?
If you like The Scarlet Letter, you should check out The Scarlet Letter. Have you seen The Scarlet Letter?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The author of The Cider House is John Irving.
It was published in 1978.
You're welcome! Glad I could help.
He is a film director. He directed Set It Off. Set It Off starred Jada Pinkett Smith.
She has a wonderful voice. She was also in the animated series, The Princess Mononoke which is a animated film.
It was produced by Ron Clements and starred Robert Downey Jr. as well.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen other movies in the sequel like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Brad Pitt. The film is directed by David Fincher and released in 2007.
I don't think I can be a comedy instead. There is a comedy you might like called The Manchurian Candidate.
Brad Pitt starred in the drama Gone Baby Gone which is a comedy.
You're welcome
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like romance novels?
You can try The Hunger Games starring Emily Watson. This movie has a genre of Romantic comedy.
It is a Romantic film, similar to Wild Grass. You'll enjoy it.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete from India.
You should watch Cricket. It is a very popular sport in the U.S. I prefer tennis.
That's a interesting fact, he is from India.
I think they are a good team. Who is your favorite coach ?
Yes, he is a good  coach.
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
You got it! I bet you would love it. Let me know if you need more recommendations.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA Rookie of the Year award.
They are all basketball movies. Larry Bird is in that movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar is a fantasy film and it starred Woody Harrelson, Steve Buscemi, and Jenna Boyd among others.
Sure Vulgar is a comedy-drama film starring Ken Davitian and Kevin Smith. It has a lot of other thrillers. You should check it out.
Sure, he has a lot of movies like The Usual Suspects and The Pillars of the Earth. Let me know if you need more recommendations.
Absolutely, Vulgar is a great movie. Enjoy!
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him?
i actually don't know much about soccer. just that's it about soccer. i'm more of a football fan
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth and The Omen Machine are a few he has written.
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Yes it is a Children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
Yes he has. Some examples are Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
I don't know about this novel, but I do know it is a historical novel.
You are welcome.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Have a good day.
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
OMG, I love their team! Did you know they starred in The Incredibles?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the New England Patriots. I'm more of a Bears fan. Do you like Stephen Gostkowski?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yeah, I think he's had a good fight. I don't know much about him. Is he your favorite boxer?
Yes, I did know that. I haven't watched any of his games.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. It's considered a Sci-Fi novel.
The genre is science fiction
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer and also has a sequel called The Wicker Man. Are you a fan of hers?
For romances, I can recommend The Time Traveler's Wife which is a Romance. Have you seen that one?
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi and Adrian Peterson. It is a sci-fi/adventure film.
Great, both of these movies are very good.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield.
Yes she did. She also won Best Picture of the Year.
Yes, some similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project. Have you read these?
Then you might like What to Expect When You're Expecting is a good one.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It is a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Jack Reacher?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Would you like to know more about the movie?
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a Musician and he is from Brazil. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot of his songs. However, I'm going to add a to my playlist if you like.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles. It's a great movie you should check out!
You're welcome!
Chris Rock is similar. Do you like this movie?
Great, you may like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Gwyneth Paltrow.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you like them both.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. If you like Paula McLain, I think you should give it a try.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
No, it's in English. Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
I am not a big fan of hers. I just know her after Stronger was in the movie The Weeknd.
I don't know if she has. But, I know she is a very popular singer. I think she has a long list of her songs.
Yes, I grew up watching the American Idol.
If you like City of Fallen Angels because of the genre Fantasy, you might also like The Lawnmower Man or The City of Ember.
If you enjoy that story, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments are part of that series as well. Have you read them?
No problem! Enjoy.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It is an adventure starring Terry George.
I am not sure if she starred in the other Boleyn Girl.
I believe it is a drama.
I can't think of any similar movie but if you're looking for a specific genre, I can recommend Thank you for Smoking and Adaptation.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a drama film.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is actually a novel that was released in 2003. It's considered a fantasy thriller.
Sure. The book America is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Glad to help.
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
I don't have that information, but Jeremy Northam starred in Catch Me If You Can. Would you like to hear more?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Have you read that one?
I am not sure if it was, but it was directed by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Sure, she wrote The Siren and he Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard. Are you a fan?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
If your niece is into Young-adult fiction, you'll enjoy it. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. This book is also in the fantasy genre.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
There is also a movie by Percy Bysshe Shelley that wrote The Modern Prometheus. The Modern Prometheus was released in 1818
He was also in The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Yes, she is. She also starred in The Tree of Life.
Yes. Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he is a good point guard. Did you know he is from Russia?
Yes that's true. I think he a good player. Is he a good player?
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner and stars James Franco. It's a Sci-Fi movie, do you like this genre?
Yes, you're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes I have. Should I add it to your list?
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
James Franco and Tyler Mane starred in this film. Do you like these actors?
Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dillion. It is a sci-fi. Do you like those types of movies?
I have not seen it. Who is it?
Yes, that's correct. Missy Eliot was also in the movie The Art of Asking.
Temuera Morrison and Rip Torn both starred in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
No, I am not a sports fan. What about you?
No, I am not a sports fan but if my favorite team is the Texans.
I am not a big soccer fan so I only know about the redskins. Who is your favorite team?
Oh good. They will win the Superbowl for the season right now.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
It is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like the actor or genre?
Yes, it's a good movie. Oliver Stone also stars Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Little Miss Sunshine is a good film. It's a very good film.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks and he is a sing/songwriter. Do you lik his music?
I haven't heard much of her music. But I haven't really heard anything from her. What's your favorite song?
Yes, she is a good one.
Certainly! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary. It's a comedy-drama film.
Of course! Ender's Game has a next book in the series called Speaker for the Dead. Other books similar are Running with the Demon and A Darkness at Sethanon.
Speaker of the Dead and another speculative fiction book is Xenocide. WHat do you know this?
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you like to know more about this book?
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, Aladdin stars Chris Hemsworth and is a comedy. Do you like the actors or genre?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Howard
your welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
I sure do, she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Are you a fan?
Definitely! Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory?
She was not in the muppets, also a good movie.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like them?
I like Yellow too. I think you'll like this one. I don't know if you like Yellow too.
Yes, they did. They both starred in Amsterdam.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth which is a romantic comedy.
She is. She also starred in The House of Mirth.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and The Amazing Spider Man.
The Prophet falls into the genre of Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he's a romantic actor. I wonder if he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz. You like her?
Sure, a few you might like Viva La Vida and Prince Caspian. Are you a fan of this genre?
It's a pop music. But it's similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Yes, he is one of my favorite movies. He directed The Little Prince and Jurassic Park.
The book is about a family who runs a ranch and the daughter's love story.
It was released in 2003
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
It is a Thriller
He wrote Rise of the Guardians if you like fantasy.
Happy to help
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, Michelle Nolden, and Bruce Willis to name a few.
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like animated movies?
If you like dramas, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you seen that one?
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Rob Zombie and Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, Tate Donovan also starred in The O.C.. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you!
Did you enjoy it because it was starring Marlon Brando?
Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? It's a dramatic romance and stars the same actor.
I am not sure who starred in it but Training Day is a crime movie.
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more?
Sure. She also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Jennifer Lawrence is in it and Mrs Smith was also in it.
Yes I did. Did you see that one? It's a romantic comedy
Agreed! Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. You should check it out
He's on the India national football team. He plays midfielder. Do you like this sport?
He plays the Midfielder, and he is the Midfielder.
He is a Midfielder and a Forward as well as he plays the Germany national football team.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Sure, I am not sure. It is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the capitat of the Portugal national football team as well.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in that genre?
Yes, John Travolta is in Edge of Tomorrow.
Sure, some similar films are Zombieland and Unbreakable.
Yes it is. Do you like that movie? She was in Zombieland.
I hope you enjoy it.
That's a good movie starring Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery, I think you would like The Green Mile if you haven't seen it.
Yes, but I haven't seen Pacifier. Is it a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
There are so many great romance novels by her that you might want to check out are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Water for Elephants. Have you read those?
I don't have that information. I can tell you that it is a romance novel.
They're a good baseball team. I prefer the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
He is from there as a State of Grace.
The movie released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
I can't find the producer, but I know it was written by Stephen King
He also produced Yes, he produced Tootsie starring Tom Sawyer.
I am not sure of that but I do know it is a crime fiction.
I don't have that information. However, I do know that it is a comedy.
Thank you for all the information!
Good Will Hunting is a drama film starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, and Julia Roberts. Do you like dramas?
It is, and Robin Williams also starred in it as well.
No I have not, but The People Speak is a Mystery movie starring Diane Keaton
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Yeah, I like Joe Montana. I'm a fan of the San Francisco 49ers. Is he a good team?
No, I like the Steelers. They were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is a fantasy?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Stephen King. Would you like to read something by him?
In the movie The Women of Brewster Place starring Helena Bonham Carter, she is also a musician and a model.
Oprah Winfrey starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Sounds good. You will enjoy it.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was also released in 2005. That was a great year for fiction.
The Mist was also released in 2005 and The Maze Runner was written by J.K. Rowling. That's a great sci-fi novel.
You may like Zoe's Tale. It is a great sci-fi novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Frank Darabont. It also stars Ben Affleck and Morgan Freeman.
I'd recommend checking out The Walking Dead if you're interested.
Certainly! Enjoy.
He directed The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Thomas Lennon and Anne Hathaway. It's a great thriller.
She's been in many great films including The Invasion or Downfall.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is one of those movies she was in.
I love Lady Gaga. I think she has a soulful voice. Did you know she was influenced by Taylor Swift?
No, I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie?
The Muppets also had Will Smith. I'm sure you'll love it if you'd like to see it.
You may know Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Let me know if that is true!
It was written in English and released in 1892. It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't know if you are interested in any of the books but he did write The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome. Glad to help!
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a drama?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom
He starred in Troy, which was a good one.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a golfer right? I'm not much of a golf fan. Do you like gold?
I have not seen Happy Gilmore, but I heard Adam Sandler is in it. Who is in that movie?
Yes, he was good in Hot Tub Time Machine too.
Eric Bress is well known for The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect.
I'm not sure if the genre, but The Butterfly Effect is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Sure the movie Now You See Me is starring Will Smith and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama with a romance and drama. Are you a fan of either of those genres?
No, I don't have any Crime Dramas right now. But i can tell you The Pelican Brief was written and directed by Alan Pakula.
Juno has genre Science Fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy film.
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in Silver Linings Playbook.
Bradley Cooper was in an excellent movie, and has a lot of action movie options.
Yes, he's in a lot of comedy movies. You might like The Warrior's Way, or Zoolander.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and it was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes you will like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt. Do you like horror movies?
Yes you will like it . It is a good movie.
Yes, if you like Jane Austen you might also like Mansfield Park.
Jane Austen wrote Lullaby.
A House of Night Novel is also written by Chuck Palahniuk.
Yes, Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
The O.C. is a great movie. It stars Tate Donovan, did you know that he also starred in Spring Breakers?
He was in The Good Doctor with Natasha Richardson. It's a very funny film.
The The Dark Knight Rises is another good one.
Rocky stars Sylvester Stallone. Would you like more recommendations based on this film?
You might like The X-Men or The Last Airbender. Those are pretty good.
It's a martial arts film and it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Great. Then you'll like Wicked Lovely it is a good one.
Yes, The Age of Innocence was released in 2011. It's based on a Romance novel by Alden Ehrenreich.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I did not know he was a basketball player but I did know he was from Chico.
I am not a big basketball fan. Are you a fan of Channing Tatum?
I agree. I love the sport. Do you like any other sports besides basketball?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting one. I had no idea he made a mark in the movie Space Jam.
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
Sure. He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather is written by Robert Duvall, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Yes, Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Yes, The Godfather Part II is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thrillers?
I do! I liked her in The Matrix and The Cool World. Have you seen them?
Of course! Other movies starring Vivica A Fox, are you interested in any of them?
Same here. I really liked the music in that film too.
Yes. He was a Parody. He also starred in True Grit and The Majestic
You're welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and The Great Gatsby.
Released in 2012, it is a science fiction book.
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Little Altars Everywhere
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
The Amityville horror starred Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Jude Law. Those are some big names you may recognize.
I'm not sure when it came out. Can I help you with anything else?
Happy to help! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen those?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 2007. Are you interested in seeing that movie?
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Oh I know a lot about tennis but I don't follow enough to know much about it either. I do know that she plays in the London Olympics.
Oh really? I don't know much about tennis but I know she competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, I do like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Wow, I didn't know that. I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure if that's the title, I can say that The Cabin in the Woods is a biography.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Shawshank Redemption. It's a romantic comedy.
If you like James Franco, you might also like Zombieland.
Yes, Wrestler is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Ernest Hemingway. It is a sci-fi movie
Its a drama
Your welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
Actually, I am not a big soccer fan. I prefer tennis. Do you?
I know a lot about cricket. I'm not much of a baseball fan. Are you a fan?
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. It was written by C. S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read the series?
Yes, he also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia. Would you like to know more?
It's considered a fantasy. I would also recommend The Silver Chair. Have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Both are very good books.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Crime Fiction. Another similar book is The Sum of All Fears
Yes, there are many good ones. I recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
It's a young-adult fiction book. Is that something you'd like?
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by American author George R.R. Martin.
The book was written by Young-adult fiction and was released in 1904
Yes he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Eecbl is a Science Fiction work by Richard Pevear.
It's a science fiction film.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard, would you like to know more about it?
Not sure but I do know it was written by Walter Hill. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes that movie is starring Ty Olsson
Great! Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's an adventure movie or because it's a fantasy?
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie or because it's an action movie?
Yes I can. He also directed The Green Mile starring Mel Gibson
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That's a good one. It's starring Ben Affleck and Morgan Freeman.
I recommend The Blind Side. It's an action/adventure film.
Biographies you might enjoy are Undead and Unwed, or Unwed. What genres do you prefer?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No. I am not a fan of tennis but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA singles on separate occasions.
Serena has a doubles partner, but only Venus. Are you a fan?
Sure, it is a superhero movie starring Ryan Reynolds - I like it. Do you like Superhero movies?
Woman in Gold is a superhero movie. The Proposal has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she is in it, too. I like her in The Other Boleyn Girl. X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Angus Macfadyen directed it.
It starred Craig Monahan and Emma Stone.
It came out in 2004.
Yes! Do you like Superman Returns because of the action?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie. do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, Tom Hanks also stars in that movie. It's a comedy too.
I'm sure you will like it.
your welcome
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. The genre is Techno-thriller and Thriller. Do you like this genre?
The Last X-Men: Days of Future Past. what else can i answer for you?
Good choice. The genre is Thriller. what else can i do for you?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend X-Men 2.
Yes it is, you will like it. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is a drama with a mystery theme.
ok. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct. I can add it to your list if you'd like?
No problem, enjoy!
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, the book Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. She is a famous author.
I don't know any others if she wrote My Own Heart's Blood. I do know that it is a fiction book.
No I do not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have heard he is a great football player, do you know who he is?
Not really. I don't follow football much. What's your favorite team?
They were! I loved Ryan Gosling. He was also great in The Governess. Have you seen it?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That movie is a sci-fi and action film.
Of course, he also starred in You Can't Take It with You, which is a romantic comedy.
Mark Margolis directed that movie.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine. My favorite song is probably Harry Potter. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he's a favorite of mine. What's yours?
The New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson. I think the MetLife stadium is their home venue. Do you like the Jets?
I haven't been following them since they've played the Jets. Aren't the Jets owned by Woody Johnson?
I did not know that. I'm more of a football fan. Who's your favorite player?
Sure, he wrote Snatch and starring Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, its a great thriller and it stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it.
Its a south korean boy band. Are you a fan?
I haven't listened to them. I haven't really followed them although I do know that they are very good.
Oh, that's a common misconception. I'm not sure if it's the hype. But the hype is everywhere in South Korea.
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine?
He is friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg. I wonder if they are friends with Timbaland?
Yes, he did. If you like that one, you might also enjoy Snoop Dogg.
You're welcome. And you're welcome.
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Did you know that Alice Krige is in it?
It's a cute romantic comedy. It also stars Charlie Hunnam. Do you like that type of movie?
She was also in Doom and Inland Empire. Do you like crime fiction?
Donna Tartt is known for writing The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a novel I believe you may like it because it is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
She's written The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information. However, Armageddon is in the genre of Science Fiction. Have you seen this one?
That's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in White House Down as well.
No problem, if you like graphic novels you'd like to watch The Doors.
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
Not really, I don't really follow cricket so I don't know much about it. I prefer American football and baseball.
Yes. I think he plays on the New England Patriots. What about you?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Then you should watch that one as well. It is very funny.
Those are both comedies. Michael Shannon, Thompson and Lea Thompson starred in The New York Times. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read either of those ?
It is a mystery thriller.
Stanlee was written by E.B. White.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade."
Yes, Memento was written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
Yes, he has. He wrote the Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight, and many more. Do you like this genre?
Added to the watch list.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What about you?
I can't remember when they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think they are doing too well this season but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Do you like either of those?
Yeah, that's a good one too. Did you know Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris?
I don't know any similar, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris and Les Miserables. You might like that one too.
I am not a superhero movie. I am more of a sci-fi fan. How about Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine are one of the starring actors in that film.
Deadpool was released in 2008 and starred Ryan Reynolds. It's a superhero film.
Of course, can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely! Are you interested in seeing Fight Valley?
I think he is a good football player. What about you?
Football is my favorite team. What about you?
Thanks. What a great team!
Yes she is, she starred in the movie Spring Breakers
No, I haven't seen it but i know he is good friends with Selena Gomez.
I have. I think you'll enjoy it.
It starred the main writers which are Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. If you know their comedy work I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I agree, I liked John C.Reilly. He also produced Finding Nemo. I highly recommend it.
Slapstick movie was released in 2010. It also stars Rob Lowe.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Tragedy.
Yes, he is. He was influenced by Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The Kings Speech was rated PG-13.
The King's Speech was released in 2012. I don't know about the movie.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that. I'm a fan of the Panthers. They had a good team.
I've heard a little about them. It's a great Super Bowl. XXXVIII was a great game.
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta star in that. Are you a fan?
I love Rihanna's music. Did you see her in The Prestige?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway?
You should, especially if you like Liam Neeson. It is a good movie.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers played cricket and it's all in the music genre.
Great, I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, and he was also in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Do you like thrillers?
No, I have not. Mortdedecai is also in the Fantasy genre.
Cool, enjoy!
Yes, there is a sequel to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, which is also a novel.
Yes, if you like fantasy you might like The Looking Glass Wars. This book was written by Frank Beddor.
Juraissic is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Some other science fiction movies you might like are Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie,
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine, a science fiction film
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi movie. It also starred Hugh Jackman
Some other adventure movies I can recommend are; The Road to El Dorado, starring Hugh Jackman
Not sure but he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes. It's also written by Stephen King.
Yes, that is correct. I'm sure he also wrote The Stand.
Happy to help!
Yes. Forrest Gump the movie by Winston Groom and the movie by Eric Roth
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played a forward. he is a good player
Yes, hopefully the playoffs will make it.
I'm not a big fan of hers. I think she has a wonderful voice. Did you know she is also an actress?
I have seen her in Space Jam, have you seen that?
Yes, they are good family movies. Skarsgard is a great actor. I wonder if they are friends?
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado and Desperado. Are you a fan of either of those?
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
its a great movie. did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program a TV show?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and The Professor. Both are very good reads.
If you liked the Professor, you might also enjoy Villette and The Professor. She is a great author.
If you liked the novel, you would probably like it. I recommend Villette and The Professor if you haven't read it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo and also Le Comte de Monte-Cristo. Would you like additional recommendations?
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven was actually written by Robin Buss.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. What did you like about it?
She has also written The Bonesetter's Daughter and Last Night in Montreal.
It's a psychological thriller
You're welcome.
Are you referring to the author, Rick Yancey?
Yes, I do. Are you interested in any of his other works?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Sure, he also wrote The World According to Garp and The Water-Method Man.
Robert Jackson wrote it and it was released in 1986.
It was released 1922
Yes, do you like the book because it's romance or because it's a romance?
If you like historical movies, I would recommend Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen that one?
Of course. The movie is written by Sara Gruen and stars Robert Pattison and Rupert Everett.
Of course, enjoy.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check out Songs of Willow Frost
Haha, I'm not sure where it's.
That's interesting. Would you like to read it?
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a great movie
He starred in The Civil War and Levity, you might like them.
Are you interested in the book because of the book written by Josh Grisham?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. It was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with that author?
Have you read The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Correct. He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and the Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Its a fantasy
there is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
they are all adventure movies
Welcome
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, Simmons wrote it and it's a fantasy novel.
Sure, Dan Simmons wrote Inferno and Franny and Zooey
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
He was also in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Ok, you're right. I don't know about that. I'm going to add it to your watch list.
Sounds like a great movie!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree, Damian Lillard is a Point Guard. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Since he isn't a basketball player, I guess I have a favorite player, I hear he is a point guard. I don't really follow sports.
He is a point guard. I think he is a good player as well.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, you might like The House of the Seven Gables which is an excellent book. I highly recommend it.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is that something you'd like?
It is a great book released in 2001. It is a great book.
I don't know, but if you like non-fiction books it's a great example of speculative fiction.
I would recommend it if you liked it.
Great, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Great! I'm glad to help!
Yes, Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Eric Roth. Anything else I can help you with?
That is a Thriller. anything else i can do for you?
have a good day
That was a great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch. Do you like those actors?
Sure he also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it!
It is a comedy and drama
Absolutely!
It is a great book written by J. D. Salinger. It is a young adult fiction novel.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football, is he from Argentina?
It was released in 1987. Do you like that book?
No it is a crime fiction movie. Do you like crime fiction?
Have you seen The House Bunny? It's a classic.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical period drama. Do you like Historical fiction?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help!
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It was born in England.
I think the Saints are doing well this season. Who is your favorite team?
I'm a fan of the NY Giants. They are a football team from time to time.
Wally Lamb is a great actress. She starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I Know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel. Have you read it?
The Beginner's Goodbye was written by Anne Tyler. He also wrote The Bourne Identity.
Would you like me to send it to you?
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their quarterback for the Dolphins. Do you like the team?
Not really, but I am a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
Sure, do you like the actors in it because it's a crime fiction?
Xander Berkeley starred in the Jurassic Park movie.
I don't have that information but if you like Jurassic Park movies I recommend X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring Alexander Payne and Clifton Collins.
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, I do. She has a nice voice. I think she is very talented. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Victorious was a very good sitcom.
I am not sure, but I would say Scarlett Johansson starred in it.
Great. You should give it a try.
Yes I do. It was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
It's a war film about the Vietnam war. That was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Do you like him?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It is a fiction novel, would you like more fiction?
Sure, one of my favorites is Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
If you like Wolf Brother, you might also like The Confessions of a Fire King. Do you want to add it?
Great, I hope you like them!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi and it was written by Daniel Henney.
Yes! Wreck-It Ralph is also a sci-fi movie.
Yes. She also starred in Dancing with the Stars. That one is a good movie.
That's interesting. It also starred Stellan Skarsgrd.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like them too! Who is your favorite player on the team?
Tony Romo is also a producer with the Seattle Seahawks and the Redskins. Do you like the Giants?
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that one?
Owen Wilson played the role of The Royal Tenenbaums. It also stars Frank Wes Anderson.
Did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in that movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't know if I have any stats.
I think he's a good golfer from England.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, and The Lone Ranger. Have you read any of them?
It came out in 1927. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans as a point guard.
Yes, I have not really followed them although I do know that they are owned by Thomas The Denver Nuggets
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is considered a comedy and action film. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Sorry, I don't have any information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
It is a Tom Cruise action film starring Tom Cruise.
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was made into a movie.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I think she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
Yes I do like her song Shake it off. She was in Valentines Day the same year as Taylor Swift
Oh yea she is in Valentine's day too. I haven't seen her movies. She is also in Star Trek which is a direct sequel to Taylor Swift
Yes, I do. The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger. I know he is a football player from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
She has also written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She's written several fantasy books in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about those?
RocknRolla is a good one, as well as X-Men.
You're welcome.
He is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
Do you know any other football teams?
Yes I like Radamel Falcao, he is a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a drama movie. Do you like Romance movies?
It is a romance movie.
There's The Right Stuff and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those?
Nice, maybe you'll like Welcome to Mooseport too.
You're welcome.
I know that she is an actress who starred in quite a few movies including True Romance and The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes, she did and it was also produced and directed by Jack Grisham. Do you enjoy her books?
Yes, it was a movie released in 2014. I think you would like it, it is a good movie.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I am not sure but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i answer for you?
All I know about the Bourne Legacy is that it is starring Matt Damon, did you know that it is a thriller?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Annie Hall is a popular book released in 1999. It is a children's literature.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line and Kate & Leopold, to name a few. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was, and she was also in No Country for Old Men, great movie. Did you see it?
I'm not sure about that. However, I know Joaquin Phoenix won the Tony Award for Best Actress in Leading Role. It won the Tony Award for Best Actress in Leading Role. I think you'll enjoy it.
Of course, you should check out Beautiful Creatures.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
World Without End is a fiction book written by Harper Lee
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Doomsday. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a drama
Yes, he does
It stars John Travolta
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse.
Anything else I can help you with?
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that The Other Guys is starring Rob Riggle.
The Other Guys was released on January 15, 1994 starring Will Ferrell
You are welcome. Happy to help
Sure. She starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
If you like Ned Bellamy in The Shawshank Redemption, you might like The Green Mile.
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile if you haven't seen that movie.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1997 drama starring Tom Hanks and Robert Downey Jr.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's good. He was also in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed it.
Yes, James Cameron did a great job in Titanic! I think you would love it!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like those type of movies?
James Franco is an actor who starred in this movie, have you heard of him?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in Time Bandits, have you seen it?
Glad to help
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Definitely. Did you know Washington Wizards play at Shea Stadium?
I haven't. But I heard Stephen Dorff also starred in Zombieland.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
Sure. The Long Winter is a romance novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
If you like historical fiction you'll like Wilder by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Sure thing. I'm sure you'll enjoy these books.
He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that book?
Do you want to know more about Daniel Larson?
If you like that, you might enjoy The Crucible. Let me know if you need more recommendations.
It has a great cast. Another good one is Henry & June.
That is written by Dave Pelzer.
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer and released in 2006.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
Jim Belushi has been in a lot of movies. Are you a fan of his? If so, I would say check out The Devil Wears Prada.
The Pacifier was released in 2003.
Happy to help!
That movie is a comedy and drama.
Kirk Douglas and Anne Hathaway are the characters in that movie
Zoolander is a good one, you should check it out
The director is Kurt Russell. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises
It was released in 2011
No problem, enjoy the movie!
She stared in several movies but is also in The Lorax and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder. He is also a midfielder.
I don't know much about the team other than James Rodriguez plays for them.
I don't think he's a midfielder. Is he from Bogota?
Well, Prince Caspian is one of my favorite actors from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That's a good movie. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys. You might like that one as well.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson and was released in 2014. Does this sound interesting to you?
It was released in 1999 and was in English.
Enjoy the movies
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
The Jaguars are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
Yes, I like watching them play the Saints.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
That's where she did. That's a great year for her! The 2012 Olympics was in London.
I love gymnastics. I'm also a tennis fan.
He was born in London. He was born in Rochester.
You're welcome.
He wrote Two By Two, True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother, The Notebook and many more. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also starred in the movie The Notebook.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter and a Producer.
Yes, he is a famous comedian.
Thank you
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
No, there is a sequel. It is written by Quentin Tarantino.
Uma Thurman starred in Kill Bill. She was also in Pulp Fiction and Gattaca.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
It is a crime fiction film
Gentlemen Broncos starred Matthew McConaughey and Lukas Haas.
No problem!
Yes, The Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it is starring Kite Runner.
The Kite Runner is a romance/drama film. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. She wrote I Am Malala
Yes, he did. Veronika decide morrer was written by E.B. White and it has a genre of drama.
I don't know if that directed, but The Pilgrimage is a historical period drama.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
It's a story. Are you a fan of his?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
It was released in 1925.
Sure! To Kill a Mockingbird, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button are all really good dramas.
It is written by Benjamin Button and it is a drama.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more?
Of course! You should check out The Fighter. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, and Melissa McMeekin. It's an action movie you might enjoy.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure , Charlotte Bronte wrote Villette & Héger and The Professor. Are you familiar with either?
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, it is a Young Adult Fiction genre. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and This Lullaby.
It is a Young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Correct. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Steve Kloves, J.K. Rowling, and Daniel Craig to name a few.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter and athlete. Are you a fan?
South African cricket team was coached by Sigourney Weaver and was a great player as well.
No. I am not a fan of the sport.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). what else can i do for you today?
The Great Gatsby starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Elina Alminas.
Glad to be of assistance
Glad to be of help
Yes I do, did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I like it too! WALL-E and the movie is a little dark but I think you would like it!
It has a lot of interesting fairy tales. I think you would like that one.
That is a good one, if you haven't read it yt
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a Historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
White Fang and World Without End are other fiction books.
Its a bit similar to To Build a Fire. If you haven't read In Cold Blood, you should check it out.
Yes, it is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Have you read Beautiful Disaster?
Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Beautiful Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book. I highly recommend it.
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day!
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also stars in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro is starring in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy and drama film.
Your welcome
The Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill. They are part of the NFC West.
The Bears are actually the only team I know from time to time. Are you a Bears fan?
Very excited. It will be a good Cowboys match.
That was written by Toni Morrison. The Beloved is in the Speculative Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also historical fiction.
That one is a really good one. Natalie Portman and Rachel McAdams are in it!
I love her music! Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good friend. It was released in 1987 so it doesn't look like it
Do you like that movie too? Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
The Girl Next Door is a good one. Have you read it?
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. I haven't seen that one yet. I think it's a good book.
You're welcome.
Sure! Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Princess and the Frog. Have you seen either of those?
Well, its primarily a drama, and a crime fiction film.
Yes, it's about a royalties.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Alden Ehrenreich.
Okay, have a good day!
Not sure if she's acted in anything else.
Done. Enjoy your movie.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Gary Scott Thompson or because it stars Paul Walker?
One of my favorites is Fast and Furious and other is Fast and Furious
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in Fast and Furious
You're welcome
Did you like the movie because it was a zombie movie or because it was a zombie movie?
the Zodiac was a good one. There was also a sequel to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
300 starring Michael Fassbender. He also starred in Wedding Belles and Wedding Belles.
Wall-E and the X-Men: First Class are a few he acted in.
Good to know!
Do you like it because it's speculative fiction?
I'm sorry. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings which is a fiction novel.
Yes. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You too!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
Yes, he's a point guard as well. Did you know he won the Tony Award for Best Point guard in my opinion?
I didn't know it was a long time ago. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do not have that info but if you are a fan of Sam Smith, you should check out The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes that is correct he is a screenwriter and playwright.
They're okay, I'm more of a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of The Madison Square Garden?
That sounds like a good team. Do you follow sports teams?
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about it?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jeff Goldblum.
No I haven't seen it. But I've heard of it.
I don't know if he was in that movie. But he was also in The Seat Filler. Did you see that one?
Yeah, he's probably the most talented man in Titanic. Did you see that one?
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact.
Ah, I didn't know that! I'm not only a fan of a basketball fan, but I grew up watching the Men in Black II.
Oh, I didn't know that. That's a great movie. It's a biography. I really liked it.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, it was. That's the same year that Jane Austen released her book the Northanger Abbey.
Well if you like speculative fiction, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
No problem. Glad to be of help.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It was written by Alan Ball and also stars Scott Bakula.
American Beauty is starring Kevin Spacey and it's a classic.
Yeah, she is. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Yes, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is a romantic comedy.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Ridley Scott and has a genre of Comedy
Well she was in The Good Doctor with Natalie Portman. She was also in The Good Doctor with Natalie Portman.
Your welcome
I am unsure if she has a new album, but i like Selena Gomez who is a great singer.
Love in the Time of Cholera has a big cast, including David Ywphy, Meryl Streep and Olivia Wilde to name a few.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller fantasy film.
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you should check out Hal Holbrook's starring in that.
You might like the movie Cloverfield starring Neil Gaiman. Have you seen it?
Wicked City is a Science Fiction Action film released in 2012.
Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she also wrote The Year of the Flood.
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, Wilson Rawls wrote Mostly Harmless
It was released in 1958, have you read it?
Enjoy!
you're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote Three Weeks with My Brother and What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day. Have you read any of these?
Sure, you might want to check out Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures.
You're welcome.
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick. Have you read it?
That's right. He's a great author. Do you like his work?
Glad to help
Yes, P.D. Eastman wrote several children's books, including Go, Dog, Go! and Are You My Mother? Are you a fan of this genre?
Yes, it is a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, and There's a Wocket in My Pocket. Those are both great books.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies
Surviving Picasso is a satire and biography
Some of the actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Connelly, Eminem, Hayden Christensen, and Michael Connelly
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Godfather is a crime fiction novel. Do you like crime fiction?
Sure thing! Enjoy.
Danny Boyle wrote Young Frankenstein, have you seen it?
Trance is starring James Franco. He's a great actor.
127 hours is a Thriller. Another great Thriller with Aron Ralston is You, Me and Dupree.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you see it?
There is no information about that
Troy is a fantasy movie and Mrs Smith is in it
Rosario Dawson and Angelina Jolie Pitt
sorry not a problem
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
I don't have any other movies he has starred in, but he starred in Titanic, The Perfect Score, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yeah, I like her too. That's a good sport in soccer. Did you know she won the 2012 Olympics?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you seen those?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day!
Yes I can. He wrote Die Verwandlung
It's a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen it but I hear that it's a war film. Do you like war films?
Oh Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Yes, Linus Roache is in Psychological Thriller. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he was. Doug Ferrell also starred in it as well.
Glad to be of help
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and starred Robert Downey Jr..
Casino Royale is starring Rob Reiner.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
You're welcome.
Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
The most popular sci-fi film is The Island. Did you know Tom Tykwer starred in this movie?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen these?
You're welcome. Glad i could help
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Taxi Driver is a 1998 thriller crime fiction action film directed by Ken Burns
There's a lot of good ones like Journey to the Center of the Earth, which is also a good one
Okay, great enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's starring Jack Nichols. Would you like to see this movie?
Yes, he is very prolific. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
Right, I'm hoping you find it interesting that it's a film about an assassination attempt. It was released in 1895
Yes, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote herself. Are you interested in that type of book?
Perhaps you'd like The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank wrote that one as well.
Well, it's a story about a woman whose search for romance and wealth leads to her downfall in the autobiographies.
Great, enjoy the book!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Natalie Portman and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like these actors?
He was also in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. Have you seen those?
Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the Tropic Thunder. It's a pretty sweet comedy that Chris Buck directed it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he is a writer and director. He directed several movies such as: The End of the Affair and This means War. Have you seen either of those?
We Are Marshall is a comedy crime fiction film starring Kevin Zegers. It's a good movie.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Zack Snyder. He also directed The Martian starring Angelo Pizzo.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
Yeah, you should. And the Bears were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Agreed! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I agree! He is a very good athlete.
I love gymnastics especially the US Olympic teams throughout the years
I like the Washington Redskins, I think.
Sure! It stars Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes it is. Shark Night is also starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
V for Vendetta is a romantic comedy.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Predators and Tintenblut. Do you like the author or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a fantasy book.
It starred suspense and horror. Do you enjoy those genres?
Naomi Watts has starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Want to know more about her?
It is a historical period drama and also stars Naomi Watts. How about you?
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman is the author of The Five Love Languages series. Have you heard about this book?
It's a pop music. Gary Chapman is also a singer and songwriter. Do you like that genre?
I'm not a big fan of her, but he has a suggestion for a something he does called The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of that one?
I don't a lot of information on him, but i can give you some information on him if you want.
Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i do for you?
I haven't seen this movie, will watch it
I can not find any information on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you know that he produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a writer and actress. She's been in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
I'm sorry I do not have that information
That's a great question...I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
Yes I do, have you ever read the book?
i dont have that information
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie and it's a drama.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. I can tell you it was written by Robert Wade.
He wrote the Boy in the Striped Pajamas. That's a good one.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I know very little about tennis, I like tennis more than tennis.
Have you seen The Fault in Our Stars? It's a great movie
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
It is a romance novel that was released in 2012. If you like that, you might also like Where You Are.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction?
You're welcome. Do you need anything else?
Enjoy the book!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies, starring Danny DeVito and Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
Scarlett Johansson is one of them. It is a really good movie.
She has been in so many films, including The Right Stuff, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Last Castle.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released 2005. It's a science fiction/fantasy film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
Sure if you like Gothic fiction you'll like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and has a genre of fantasy and adventure. Do you like these genres?
Of course, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
That book was released in 2004 and it's genre is historical fiction.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and the entire series is amazing.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy genre
No problem!
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you heard of them?
That sounds about an interesting fact. Leo wrote The Pickwick Club and he was influenced by Rob Reiner.
Great Britain is a historical period drama.
Yes, Gnoop Dogg is a good book.
Great, have a great day!
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. He also directed The Longest Yard.
Yes, he did. He also produced the Watchmen. That's a classic action/adventure film.
Adam Sandler is one of the main actors in that film, as well as starred in another one called Adam Sandler.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great reads by him.
The Book of Eli is another good one. Have you read it?
It is a young adult fiction. You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Fiction Romance film.
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you might be interested in Welcome to the Monkey House.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is an action crime thriller and Seabiscuit is more of a drama.
Have you seen Snatch? Those are both crime dramas.
You're welcome.
Yes! He is a midfielder on the Spain national football team. He is a midfielder. Do you like this coach?
Well I am not a fan of the soccer team but I have seen a match from time to time. How about you?
Wasn't he another good player?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It is a romance film.
Yes, murder mystery is also a good one.
Yes, that is a murder mystery.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you enjoy his books or would you rather find other books by him?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly. Would you like to read something by him?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction comedy. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, she does.
That's a great movie with Kevin Spacey in it.
He plays tennis, right? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
I watch a lot about tennis but I don't know much about it. What is your favorite sport?
Not really, but you should watch a match from time to time because he has a lot of games.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Way of Zenda are other family novels, have you read those?
I haven't read that one, but I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Paulsen
The River is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Do you like adventure films?
It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It's a really good movie.
I don't know who the producer is, but Shawn Levy also produced Real Steel.
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out The Who's the Boss and The Hunt for Red October. It is a Crime Fiction movie.
No problem, enjoy!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one and it is starring Brad Pitt
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker was influenced by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like her work?
Benjamin Franklin has written many books. The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. What else do you know about Lionel Messi?
Yes he has a lot of great players as well as football, do you know the name of the players?
No I didn't know that. Is he a midfielder?
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author. It is a young adult fiction book.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Name of the Wind and The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
Its a mystery about an elderly man's life.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard?
That's a film. She also wrote The Selection and The End of the Affair.
Kiera Cass also wrote And Then Came Love and The Last Man in Rome.
The music was produced by Liam Neeson. I recommend it.
His genre is rock and fantasy. Do you like rock?
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Other Guys and The National Treasure.
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2010. It has genres drama, comedy, and adventure. Do you like this genre?
No problem, glad to be of help
Yes, I love that book. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also enjoy The Man in the Iron Mask.
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, you can try The Mystery Knight. It is also a great book.
I did not. Is that the movie written by Sparks?
He is also in My Best Friend's Girl and Gone Girl, have you seen those?
Yes he was in The Godfather movies as well as The Incredibles.
Anything else I can help you with?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, it is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote the book Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read this one?
It was released in 1982. He also wrote the Sea of Monsters which is a great book.
You're welcome!
Sure, Do you like the movie because it is a sci-fi or because it is a family movie?
Sure. You might also like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome.
The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories is another great one to check out
You could try To Have and Have Not. Those are both good stories.
It was released in 1926, you should give it a look.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, he's a good athlete. Who is your favorite player?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I'm a fan of Barney. What about you?
I like Young Buck what about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I do not have that information at this time. However, Rob Huegel starred in White Oleander.
It's a Mystery, Romance and Fantasy movie.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
The book was released in 1945 and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, which is a great book!
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh yeah, I've been there couple of times. Which team are you referring to?
That is a great sport you should watch . Do you like any other sports ?
Sure, John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels. Do either of these sound interesting?
Great, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
Great! Glad I could help.
Are you referring to Patricia Clarkson or George A. Romero?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which was a mini-series on Hulu.
He sure did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for the Germany National Football team?
I didn't know that. Is he a German football player?
Yes, you are correct. Do you follow soccer?
I would have to agree with you. He has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Rango is a western starring Tom Hanks. Do you like westerns?
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like superhero films?
The genre of The Prestige is Mystery.
Yes. The Prestige is written by Robert Nolan
I do not know about Memento but i know there is also a film adaptation of the film
Of course! Thomas Lennon starred in The Sixth Sense which is a Psychological thriller
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, the Wizard of Oz is in the fantasy genre as well as the Hobbit of Oz.
Definitely Speculative fiction and Children's Literature is similar. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote that and it's a children's literature.
Yes, if you like romance novels you may also like The Sea of Monsters written by her.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie.
The Holiday was released in 1843. That is a great movie to watch.
It is a fantasy-drama film.
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are great thriller movies.
yes Kate Winslet also starred in The Holiday which is a romance film
WALLE is a great children's movie. It stars Al Pacino. Do you like his movies?
SALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like X-Men: the Last Stand.
Sure! X-Men is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes! Another good one is Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Oprah Winfrey, Bonnie Hunt and Hugh Jackman starred in it.
That's a good action movie.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read it?
If you like Will Grayson, you might also like Watership Down. It was written by Sarah Dessen and is considered young adult fiction.
Of course, you'll like The Outsiders by Sarah Dessen. It's also considered a fantasy and a mystery.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature. You might enjoy that one too.
It is written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered a children's literature.
I have not, but what about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
Ocean's Twelve starred George Nolfi and Brad Pitt. Do you like these genres?
Great, i hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I do, actually. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I would have to say that. I am more of a baseball fan.
Paul Sorvino has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who starred in This Is The End?
It's considered a fantasy and a biography. You should check it out as well.
Yes, he is. He was also a part of the movie Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Have you seen any of those?
Certainly, I hope you enjoy them!
Snow Flower
China Dolls is a fantasy novel and the genre is fiction.
I'm sorry I don't know about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Absolutely! Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Okay, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It stars Robert De Niro and it is a Crime/Drama film.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a romance novel released in 2005.
Your welcome.
Have a great day!
I sure do! Michael Parks starred in Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame, Rainbow and many more. What kind of movie do you like?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction Film. It is considered a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a drama. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes, that's a great book, I think you'll enjoy it!
Awesome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
I don't know much about him. He's a good point guard. Do you like him?
Yeah, he's a great actor. I loved Ghostbusters. Do you like any of them?
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd wrote the Harry Potter movies.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with George Clooney. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Fast and the Furious
That's a great movie starring Vin Diesel. He was also in Fast Five.
No problem! XXX is a Thriller and is a thriller. Enjoy!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Would you like to know more?
I have heard of him. He wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It is a good book. Do you like his work?
Yes he did a good job in that movie
No, but if you like to watch what Lies Beneath you should definitely watch.
I do too, they are owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara. Who is your favorite Giant?
I'm a NY Giants fan so I do not know if they're doing well this season.
I have never seen a TV movie called Shark Night. Probably it's a good action movie.
Yes, The Paris Wife is a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's considered a Romance film.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That movie is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead starred Tom Waits and Bill Pullman. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
That's correct. He also starred in "The Fault in Our Stars" .
It is a young-adult fiction and a romance film.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Kevin James, do you enjoy Thriller movies?
It was written by Nelson DeMunn. He also wrote Finding Neverland.
Yes it is. We We Were Soldiers is a war movie starring Dennis Quaid and Brad Pitt.
Great. Enjoy!
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance novels?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Other books you might like are The Once and Future King or The Android's Dream.
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Does that sound interesting to you?
Robert C. O'Brien wrote that.
Great, I can send it to you.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman, both great actors and actress!
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dunn. He also wrote No Country for Old Men.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto is a war film. Do you like war films?
Some other action movies you might like are Zombieland, The Wolverine and the Watchmen
You are welcome.
I know that she is a actor, who starred in the movie The Incredibles.
Some of her other novels include Finale and Crescendo.
Crescendo is a young adult novel that was released in 2015, have you read it?
You might also like the book The Hero, it was written in English. Have you read this one?
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It is a memoir released in 2005
Enjoy your book!
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
You're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, you are correct. Tom Wilkinson starred in it, and he's a great comedy.
Yes! Do you like self-help books?
I do not have any information on similar books but I can tell you that The Secret was produced by Sean Byrne and produced by Paul Harrington. You might like it.
Greider wrote a book called No Country for Old Men which was turned into a documentary film.
He's been in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was a animated film. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
I don't have any information on that one but i can tell you that it is a animated short film.
You're welcome and have a great day!
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak in 1963. Do you like her work?
The BFG is a good family friendly film. You should check it out.
Yes it does! I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is in the Thriller genre. It was written by Frank McCourt and starred Tom Hanks.
Did you know that was made into a movie?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Definitely! You should also check out Zoe's Tale.
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! The Red House is adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did it starred Woody Harrelson, Steve Buscemi and Jena Malone.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Frank Coraci starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also directed Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I don't know, but Kevin James also starred in Zoolander as well. You should check that one out!
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
If you like crime fiction, you might like The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure who starred in Nightcrawler. I do know he is also a director.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little bit about him. He is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
The Order was released in 2003 starring Heath Ledger and Clint Eastwood
Harrison Ford, Scarlett Johansson, and Mel Gibson starred in it. Do you like these actors?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Robert De Niro.
I can't think of any but I know The Blind Side is written by Michael Lewis. I think you might like it.
Money Ball is written by Steven Soderbergh and stars Johnny Depp. The movie is about a boy who moves to a small town and falls in love with a family.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
Then you might like The Bane Chronicles or The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex by Frank Darabonis and is a fantasy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Alfonso Cuaron directed Children of Men and El otoo del patriarca.
Yes, he did. That's a good fact.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Mere Christianity is a Christian literature written by C. S. Lewis. It is part of a series.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Horse and His Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Not really, but I know that they are a good team.
Yes, I have never heard of him. Is he from Liverpool?
I do not know if he has a music in the playlist. But I do know he is also a musician.
Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for children's and young adult novels. She received the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2010 for her contribution to young adult literature
It's a Fiction novel released in 2000.
Sure, downloading it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. She wrote You da One and Watch n' Learn.
Yes, she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown. Do you like that type of music?
It is a great movie.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those movies?
I'm not sure about Marc Forester's work but I can tell you other movies he's been in. You may want to check out The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, Marc Forster starred in Finding Neverland.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and stars Thomas Lennon and is a Fiction. Do you like this author?
Wonder Boys is a good one by Collins. I think you would like it. It is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano. It's a coming of age film
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, she wasn't a version of Elizabeth. You may be right to check out The Last Unicorn.
I think it's okay. She has a bit of drama in it, too.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a book written by Nicholas Sparks and was released in 1595. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it was, you should check it out. It is starring Robert De Niro.
Young Sherlock Holmes and Without Fail are some good Crime Fiction books. I can suggest some other books he has written.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also produced Ninja Assassin which is a Sci-Fi film
The Matrix Revolutions also starred Keanu Reeves, who also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
He has starred in "Venom" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
Gary Buscemi directed it and its a good movie.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, he has directed many good movies. Did you know William West directed The Expendables 2?
Yes he has 2 movies. I think you would like that one
you are welcome.
No problem. I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. But I heard it was a pretty good book.
Sure, he also directed The Three Musketeers and The Return of the King.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm not sure, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
It came out in 1938.
No problem, glad to help.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with them.
Yes, they play in Candlestick Park and Shawntae Spencer.
yea the quarterback. he is pretty good. have you ever seen a game live in person?
i don't really know much about him. just that he's a good coach. have you ever been to a real game?
Yes, they sure do. the other two titles sound good to you.
Yes, I am a fan! I have seen him in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Eddie Redmayne, Anne Hathaway, and Cameron Diaz starred in it. I highly recommend it.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol is a great movie. It has won a lot of awards. It is a lot of awards. It is a good watch.
I don't believe it was a host. I only know about a person. Someone else i can help you with.
That's what it's about. I haven't seen that one yet, is it a good one?
I can't find any information on that, but Joseph Sikora starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which is a comedy. Do you like comedies ?
Titanic is a thriller that you might like. You can't go wrong there.
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio was also in Man of the House. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
Would you like to know some other poets from that place?
Can I help you with anything else?
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Its a mystery
You should check out Wyrd Sisters
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
Absolutely!
A movie similar to Downfall is Gone Baby Gone. Have you seen it?
Val Kilmer starred in it. Another good biography is Neverwhere.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in Zombieland, which is a great movie.
Tom Bryce wrote the Toy Story 3. It is a fun family movie.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, if you like The Crucible, you will also like Tempted. Have you read that?
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote "The Crucible" and also wrote "The Moor of Venice." Would you like to know more?
You are most welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen. Both are good movies.
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Thekla Reuten also starred in the movie Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, he did. That is correct, and he also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome.
Sure! Chris Weits was in American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
I think you might also enjoy American Pie as a comedy. Chris Weitz wrote The Golden Compass and starred in it.
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a good one. I highly recommend it.
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Cider House Rules. It is a Spanish language film.
The Nightingale is a speculative fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Is that the type of books you are looking for?
Correct, have you read The Nightingale or The Nightingale?
It is a romance novel . It was released in 2005.
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
It's a romance and a biography. Are you interested in those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and he directed Hudson Hawk. Did you know it was released in 1961?
Of course! Did you like the book because it was a fantasy?
Yes he did and it was released in 1957. Did you know the Lorax was turned into a movie?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is a children's literature that also has a genre Fiction and Children's literature.
You're welcome. Glad to help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
OK, it is a crime and adventure film starring Michael Ferris.
Yes, it is a Romance movie with a bit of romance. I think you would like it
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, enjoy the movie.
I do enjoy them, but my favorite team is the Lakers. They are coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
I don't a really follow sports. Have you ever watched the San Diego Charger movies?
Oh wow, that's very cool. I will check it out.
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but if you are looking for something else written by her you may want to check out The Fault in Our Stars.
No problem, glad to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you'll like Beautiful Creatures
It is. Do you like speculative fiction?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
I didn't know that! What's your favorite sport?
Oh wow ! That's a good one. I'm a fan of the New England Patriots.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
The Secret Garden is another good one and so is Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by the great by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
Sure! She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling. Are you a fan of those genres?
It is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Happy to help!
I liked him in The Pacifier with Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of him?
Yes it is. You are right. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Oh ok. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good one? I've heard it's a great movie.
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Yes there is a next in series to that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that recommendations I have a few. You might want to give them a try!
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister. Do you like her?
No, I didn't know that. What genre is that?
I didn't know that. I know she is from Eureka, California.
I know that The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Great, if you like Dramas you should check out The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite X-Men movies. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. You should check it out.
You might like The Wolverine, it is also a sci-fi movie.
Yes, I love all the movies starring Robert Downey Jr..
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a children's literature. It was released in 1891
Yes. He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Ricky Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist and The Last Star, have you heard of them?
He has written many books including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Nine Stories.
You're welcome :)
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What else can i answer for you?
Thomas Lennon was also in Zoolander. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like action movies, I think you will enjoy it.
That was a great movie. It stars Thomas Mitchell. Do you like his movies?
Ok, then you'll like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
I don't have any information on that one. I know The New World is starring Steve Carell and was written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
Did you know that the Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two by Two is The Wedding. Have you read that one?
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is a fantasy book. Would you like to hear more?
You are welcome.
Definitely. Do you like the Hangover movies because it is a comedy?
It is written by George R.R. Martin and stars Sam Elliott.
You are welcome.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of fantasy and comedy. Do you like those genres?
Happy to help!
He is a cricket player and was in Hook Ya Crook but wonder what sport it is?
That's interesting to know a lot about soccer. Did you know Mahendra was from India?
Of course! Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Sure Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you like children's literature, you might enjoy The BFG.
Yes, Quentin Blake wrote A Fish Out of Water and The Twits.
Enjoy!
Yes he is. They are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels ?
Yes, do you like this movie because it stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in The Skull
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and he also starred in The Incredible Hulk
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I don't know too much about that movie, but howls Moving Castle is starring Christian Bale, who also starred in The Bunny
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park lll.
They are also great. Stephen Curry starred in it and he starred in it. Some other action movies you might like are Transformers. Have you seen that?
Yes he did. Chris Evans also starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects. If you like suspense, you might want to check out Without Fail.
Yes, it was directed by Gillian Flynn. It has genres thriller and crime.
This book was released in 2014. I don't know when it was released.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers. Did you like the movie because it was a sci-fi?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
Happy to help!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote Eclipse: The Curse of the Midnight Star. Is there something else I can help you with?
It is a vampire series. Have you read the books in the series?
You're right. I don't know if she wrote that, but it's a vampire series.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Sure, it's a good one. Seven Psychopaths stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Corrigan
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts. Do you like the author or genre?
It is a drama also authored by Jane Austen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I don't know much about that movie, I know Adam Sandler was in that movie too. Do you like Golf?
I love Julia Bowen! I think he's a great actress. I haven't seen it yet, have you?
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans starred in that as well.
It is a fantasy, science fiction film
That was released in 2013 and is speculative fiction.
It starred Rob Lowe and Kristen Stewart and was released in 2016. Does that sound interesting to you?
I also like the sci-fi genre.
Sure! You might like The Last Star, it has a genre of suspense as well.
No problem, enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She did have a lot of movies like Valentine's day and Taylor Lautner from the Twiglight series, Have you seen either of those?
I don't remember she was in that comedy, I think I saw her on American Idol.
He's a great actor! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes. I haven't seen it but it's a good sci-fi movie starring Hugh Jackman.
Ted is a good comedy movie. Would you like to watch it?
I'm glad to help. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! He starred in Men in Black 3 and he is a good actor.
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
Yes, he is very talented too. I like his music in the summer Olympics.
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in Nolan Funk
He was in X-Men and X-Men: First Class
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure Grown Up was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes he did and it was directed by Ridley Scott.
You're welcome
Victor Hugo has written a lot of books, would you like to know more about those?
That was released in 2000 and is a Romance novel.
It sure was. Another good book is Zoe's Tale. Have you read that one?
Cool, enjoy the books!
You are welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about her. But I know she is dating Irina Shayk. Do you know her?
Yeah he wrote Shake it off. I haven't seen him in a movie. I heard he's pretty good. Did you know he starred in The Muppets?
No, if you like Coldplay a lot, he is pretty similar. he was released the same year as Rhythm and Blues and Blues.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a drama. It's also considered a comedy.
Sure, he also starred in The Wool Cap. That's a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
I haven't been following them too much this year. Who is their coach?
I think they will shot a XXXV Superbowl.
Isaiah Thomas was a basketball player and a point guard for the Denver nuggets
I haven't seen any of their games. Who is their coach?
I haven't seen it but you should check it out. It was great as well!
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
Ok glad i could help !
She is a tennis player from Constanta, Romania and quite good. You like tennis?
I just know they win a lot of matches against them in the NFC East.
I don't remember. I think she lost to Serena a lot of matches against her sister Serena.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
No, he did not. I know he coached the Detroit Lions cause Matthew Stafford is a quarterback.
It was Super Bowl XXXVIII was the same year.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was a thriller and it was released in 1886.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one.
Emma Thompson starred in Twilight Eyes.
I'll have to check out The Long Walk and The Invisible Man.
Yes, there is a movie based on this book and also a movie called The Philosopher's Stone. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes it was directed by Steve Oedekerk, and released in 1996.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese and was released in 1981.
It's a suspense book released in 1981.
Your welcome.
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
Yes, she did write We The Fountainhead. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Happy reading!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
There is a similar book called The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, that was written by Bram Stoker.
The Girl Next Door is written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like more recommendations by that author?
He is a horror writer from New York, a lot of people were influenced by Stephen King
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. It was made into a movie.
Yes, this book is a romance novel and was released in 1998.
No problem, I am glad that I could help.
Do you like the movie because it is a romance?
Yes Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman starring Robert Duvall
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Yes, I have seen this movie, it stars Marlon Brando and is starring Al Pacino.
I agree. There is also a great film starring Al Pacino, have you seen it?
Well, it's a historical period drama that also stars Marlon Brando. You should check it out!
Vampyres also stars Sylvester Stallone and Tom Cruise.
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like him?
Beowulf is in the fantasy genre. Do you like fantasy?
Yes. Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you want to see one of those?
Sure, he was in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen any of those films?
Sure, Lionheart is a fantasy-action film and also starred James McCaffrey and Kate Winslet.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg and Vin Diesel also starred in the film.
Liam Neeson, Harrison Ford, Paul McCartney, Blake Ritson, Billie White and Nicholas Cage starred in the Harry Potter Film
You are welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter is starring Kevin Corrigan, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Morgan Freeman.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film.
I agree! He was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't really follow that sport. Do you have a favorite player?
I agree! Wilson Chandler was a shooting guard for the Red Sox. He didn't make a lot of appearances in that movie, too.
The Wise Man's Fear is a heroic fantasy book. Do you like this genre?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he does. He also directed the Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that one?
Not that I can find at this moment. So you can try Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Great! I'm glad to help. Enjoy!
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was was released in 2013.
Yes, she wrote The Effect and The Mysteries. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
No, same year that The Rosie Effect was released. Have you read that one?
Olympus Has Fallen is a great book he wrote.
Stanley Kubrick also starred in Olympus. He also starred in the film Alympus.
I don't have any suggestions for movies he has produced. However he does write The Last Olympian starring Diane Keaton.
Tom Cusack is the writer of Olympus. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, I do. Did you know he dated or had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz?
That's a good one. He was also in Vanilla Sky.
I believe he is a friend of Will Smith. I'm not sure if he has a friend.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was Julia Roberts. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young adult fiction and was released in 2010.
Yes, it was written by her as well. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It's a great baseball team but I prefer the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
What is his son's team? The team is the owner of the Yankees.
A heart attack that has a lot of risks for heart failure.
Yes, that's a good case.
Yes, Tiny Tim is a pop rocker who was influenced by Tom Hardy
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Oh, i'm a fan of badminton. I grew up watching the 2012 Olympics. Summer Olympics had athletes from all over. Sue Bird, Stephanie Rice, Stan Wawrinka.
Ok, I'll have to check it out. Did you know that Nehwal is an actor from that movie?
I haven't seen it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
The Amazing Spider-Man starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2012. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes it is, she is also in Wonder Woman which is a fantasy
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a Self-help book
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects. Gone Girl is another great mystery fiction novel.
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a satire.
Okay, have you heard about Lost Highway or What My Mother Doesn't Know?
That book was published in 1980. That's a good read.
Enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
Annie Hall is a great children's movie. You might also like it.
Great, enjoy!
The Eye if the World written by Robert Jordan has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
It is a great movie. If you like Fantasy genre, you should check out The Incredible Hulk. It is also a great movie.
Did you know it also stars Julianne Moore?
You're so welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a thriller, do you like this genre?
Sure! It was released in 2005 and is a romantic comedy. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, but I've read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't. Is it a Romance that you like?
Yes, I will add it to your reading list.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a good day!
Great pick it is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
Beautiful Oblivion, Walking Disaster
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction stars Sam Elliott and Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Thomas Lennon was also in that movie.
Sorry I don't have that information.
Yes he is. He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
Not really, I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I don't really know much about Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Have you read any of his books? I can tell you he wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Zodiac was released in 2002.
It has a great cast including David Ayer, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, one of my favorites!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
Well there is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is. Another book in that series is The Looking Glass Wars.
It was released in 2004.
I know she wrote The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
It is a fantasy novel. Would you like some recommendations of other fantasy novels?
The author is Frank Beddor. The genre of this book is Fantasy Fiction. Does that interest you?
No problem! I am glad to help. Enjoy the book!
The Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides is a good one.
That's a great movie. It also stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
It is a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure.Jennifer Weiner wrote The Titan's Curse, The Sea of Monsters, and The Ship of Destiny, have you read any of those?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Any time! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Christian Bale and is a comedy. Do you like this genre?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars as well as played the Jedi. Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes it was released in 2010.
Yes it is, and it was released in 2011.
I have not, but I know he is a singer, song writer and musician. Is that the one you were talking about?
Certainly, Kung Fu Hustle is a good one. Have you read that one?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Birdman as well. Do you like his work?
Denzel Washington is similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Did you like Mark Wahlberg because he starred in the movie The Alchemist?
I don't know any other other movies by him, but I know he was in The Dark Knight Rises.
Not sure but if you have seen a movie similar to Under the Tuscan Sun.
I am not sure but they were both in the Whalberg movies.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Joel Coen, it is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis as well. Have you read it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe was released in 1950. That is the same year The Lion is released.
Sure! He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies.
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she sang Call Me Maybe and It's Love Actually. Do you like her music?
I have a bunch of different people. I'm not a big fan of pop music but you might find it interesting that she has a good voice. She's as good as Selena Gomez.
No problem. Enjoy!
I know he is a football player, but I'm not sure if he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not sure but I believe he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like to know more?
If you like romantic comedies, you should check out Zoolander or Young Frankenstein.
I am not sure if Jim Carrey had a role in that movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Well, he plays a point guard with the Chicago Bears.
Yeah I do, actually. What other sports do you like?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote An Unexpected Journey and The Great Gilly Hopkins. They are also considered children's literature.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Quentin Blake wrote The Twits, which is also by the same author.
Well if you like fantasty you'll like the Twilight series.
The book was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the movie?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars in a young-adult fiction. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely, have a great day!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action thriller. If you like that genre, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It was released in 1987. Does this help?
Yes, he also wrote The Sea of Monsters: A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. You should check it out!
Sure, I hope you like it!
OK, I hope you like it!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
Yeah, it's a great movie. That's also a recommendation for another movie starring Robert Redford.
That's a good one. I had no idea she was in it as well.
The Horse Whisperer is a fantasy and action movie.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
It's a written in English language and was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008. That was the year it was released. Have you read it?
You're welcome glad i could help.
I do! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, she can act, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do love her music. She's so talented. Aside from being an actor, she starred in Zoolander.
That's a good one! I loved her in Gnomeo & Juliet.
Robin Williams starred in the movies Mrs. Doubtfire, V for Vendetta, a drama and also in The Last Temptation of Chris
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire is also a comedy?
Yes, Lelie Dixon is also in the romantic comedy Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Yes that's correct. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in Fair Game.
If you liked Shark Night, you might also enjoy The Passage starring Kyla Pratt. It is a very good thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! The movie The Crucible is a Tragedy and it has a musical theme. Do you like musicals?
Yes, I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife and The Awakening. Have you seen those?
Yes. The Fall of the House of Us is written by Christopher Bigsby. Christopher Bigsby also wrote All My Sons Have you seen it?
You are most welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, he is a point guard and drafted to the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't really know much about him. I know he played for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He is a point guard.
Of course! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a drama
your welcome
It was released in 1997
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Sure, Lana Wachowski also wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the Matrix Revolutions, another good one.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. It was a good movie. Have you seen it?
Allengiant stars in Allegiant, a sci-fi, thriller, and adventure film. Do you like those?
It's a sci-fi/adventure film starring Naomi Watts.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans is a romantic drama. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also directed The Break-Up.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
Ok, he starred in the movie The Bounty Hunter with Andy Tennant. Have you seen it?
Fool's Gold starred Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes he did. Matthew McConaughey also starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information about the book but i can tell you more
you are welcome
Yes, Taxi Driver is a Thriller written by Michael Brandt and stars Morgan Freeman. Are you interested in this genre?
I can't find a similar movie but if you like Taxi Driver you might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, you might enjoy that.
Enjoy!
I know that he is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
Yes he did. Liverpool is also a winger for the national team.
Yes I agree that he is very good. Did you know he won the World Player of the Year?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like the Patriots?
Prince is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read it?
Thanks for the info! I will have to check it out
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is the next book in that series.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1985. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The movie stars Orlando Bloom and James Franco to name a few.
No problem. What else can I help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more?
That is a great story. If you like that, you would also enjoy The Glass Menagerie. Have you read that one?
It's a drama that was released in 1945.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and The Messenger.
It stars Xander Berkeley, Takashi Shimura, and Khalid Abdalla.
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Sirens of Titanic and Thirteen Ghosts.
You're welcome!
Yes! He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
I am not sure about that. I do know that he had a romantic relationship with Ma Long. I know he also went to China.
No I don't think that's where the last Olympics.
I can't remember when it was a big football game, but I did like it when I was younger. Do you like the Giants?
I do like them, but my favorite team is the San Francisco Giants. Have you watched the game?
i think so. I am more of a Carolina Panthers fan.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I'm more of a fan of soccer. I prefer American football.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What team do you like?
Horse and His Boy isn't a drama, but it was written by Dennis Lehane.
Yeah, it's really nice. I think you will like it. It's really good.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I love her! My favorite one by her is The Prestige. Have you read it?
I am not familiar with her work as well. I did know she is from Chico, California.
Okay. Girls in Bed is a drama. Do you like drama?
Thank you.
Great, and if you haven't read it, you should give it a try.
Have a good day!
Yes. Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Are you a fan of his movies?
Are you a fan of Thrillers? If so you'll enjoy The Island of Dr. Moreau
Stephen King wrote it. He's a great writer. He's also a director, producer and screenwriter.
She has written many books, including Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a novel.
Jennifer Ehle is one of the main actors in Sense and Sensibility.
You're welcome, enjoy the book!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Both are great movies.
Yes that's right. I believe she also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Romance
ok
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
They Do it with Mirrors is a mystery-thriller novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote The Secret Adversary. That is a good one.
Yes, I love her. Helen hMcCrory and Lena Olin starred in The Special Relationship
Yes, that's correct. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie. I highly recommend it.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, but also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Red Pony.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is in the drama genre.
Red cliff is a fantasy adventure film. Would you like to know more about it?
You might like the War film starring Robert Downey Jr. as well as The Shining.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Madagascar has a genre of both Sci-Fi and Drama. Which genres do you prefer?
It's a historical period drama. He was also in Madagascar if you like that genre.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a good one. It stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Marsan. Have you seen it?
Those are both action films. If you like Scott Pilgrim, you might enjoy The Pledge or The Passenger.
Yes! Shaun of the Dead is starring David Schwimmer. It's a Romance movie.
Good idea.
Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks, I believe.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I don't have any information on that. What is a sport?
I didn't know that. There's a lot of interesting historical events that followed the Dunblane schools.
I agree, he does have a good presence. I think that would be a good place to start.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes. Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation and he also wrote The Green Mile. Are you familiar with that?
It is a children's literature. You might enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a good children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Skulls with Hill Harper.
Yes, Paul Walker is an actor. He was also in The Fast and the Furious.
I don't know if he acted, but it's pretty sad.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
It's a Comedy. He also starred in The Truman Show.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I have. He is a cricket player and he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a romantic comedy
I am sorry I do not know of any psychological thrillers. Do you want more recommendations?
Sure, no problem!
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is a great animated movie.
Yeah, Andy was a grown up and has produced a lot of movies. Have you seen the other movies?
No, I haven't. But I know that it is a comedy that starred Robert De Niro and it is a comedy
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Sounds like a thriller? Have you seen The Time Traveler's Wife or The Bone Collector?
Vanilla Sky stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee, as well as James Coburn. It's a good film.
You're welcome. Enjoy it!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like historical fiction.
Yes, it is. The Valley of Horses was released in 1966. Have you read that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and it is a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Lightning Thief and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. Did you know that The Lost Hero is a fantasy, adventure novel?
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. Are you a soccer fan?
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either.
I am not much of a football fan. Who is your favorite player?
oh ok but I'm more of a american football fan.
I agree! The movie was written by Woody Allen. I think I'll watch it now.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
No, she's most famous but she also wrote About a Boy and The Secret Life of Bees
Great i hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Orson Wells. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes that is a great movie you should check out The Family Man.
That is a good Romantic Comedy starring Kate Winslet. Have you seen this one yet?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like Grapes of Wrath?
The novel was written by Lee Unkrich and released in 1939. Is there anything else I can help with?
I know she is an author and a musician. She was born in Murrieta.
Well, it's in the South West London. I have no idea if they are in the same division.
They are both in the Premier League in London.
I'm not sure. I know they are a live in London.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
Michael Hauser wrote Le Petit Prince and Le Petit Prince.
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 2010 and it's genre is young-adult fiction
Yes they were released in 2008
Awesome, hope you enjoy.
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr, you might also like Zodiac as well. It is a crime Thriller if you haven't seen that one.
If you haven't seen the Iron Man 2, you might also enjoy the Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Great! If you haven't seen any of the films I'll add both to my list of films to watch. I highly recommend it.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne.
Yes, it is a Thriller he is also in the Thriller/Sci-Fi movie.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know X-Men 2?
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Bruce Willis. It was released in 2010.
Yes, he was also in The Happening if you like Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
You got it, enjoy!
Enjoy !
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
TheImaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1982. It starred William Lee Scott.
Sure
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks. What else can I do for you?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best One?
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel. I can recommend a book similar to The Wedding.
Certainly. Anything else I can help you with?
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like this actor or genre?
Yes, Mastering the Art of the Art of a Woman is also a non-fiction. It's also a film
Enjoy the book!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Time Machine as well as The Time Machine.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like more titles by this author?
It was written by Jeffrey Eugenides. He also wrote Therese Raquin. Would you like to know more about this book?
Great, yea she won't disappoint. Enjoy!
Yes, Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Sure, The Scar is based on a mystery and was written by Richard Dreyfuss.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Thrillers?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know he also directed The Theory of Everything?
The King is a drama released in 1999 and stars Johnny Depp. The movie is based on the Stephen King series.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to know more?
He was in Angels & Demons as well.
He was in The Lion King and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
It is, similar to The Haunted Man, which is also a book.
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014. Would you like to know anything else?
Brave was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed Monsters vs. Aliens.
Another similar movie by that author is Toy Story 2.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes it is along with Luis Fabiano
Yes he wrote The Shadows Rising and The King's Speech. Have you read either of those?
Yes. Have you read The Shadows? It's a great crime fiction.
It's starring Humphrey Bogart and Anthony Heald.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I know that he is a cricket player from India. Is he a good player?
I don't know anything about cricket, I've heard a lot about it, and I've heard a lot about it. I don't really know anything about it.
Yes, it looks like they are playing in the Mumbai Indians team. Did you know he also plays for the Mumbai Indians?
She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read them?
Yes. It was released in 1985. That's the same year that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it.
I don't know when it was released. I do know If You Give a Pig a Pancake was released in 1985.
No problem! I am happy to help. Enjoy!
No, I do not. I'm a big fan of Simone Elkeles.
No, I don't have that information. However, Simone Elkeles was born in Germany.
Perfect Chemistry is also a novel written in English. Would you like to read it?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed and produced This is the End, which is a comedy. Would you like to know more?
Thanks for letting me know if you need more comedy movies.
I know he is a book written by Walter Isaacson. Would you like to know more about that?
Wither is actually a film starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about the movie?
He also wrote What Alice Forgot which is a good read.
Hello, yes I do. She wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes, that was written by Nicolas Sparks. Are you interested in the author or the genre?
Yes, True Believe is a crime novel by Nicholas Sparks. Other books in this genre are Three Weeks with My Brother, The Notebook and The Notebook.
Yes, Nicholas Evans also wrote The Last Song and The Notebook. The book was turned into a movie.
It is a crime fiction.
No problem!
David Levinson is a great cowboys coach. Are you a fan of these cowboys?
No, I don't really know much about the Cowboys, but I can tell you that he is from Pennsylvania.
Yeah, and if you want something totally random that just happened to be an autobiography they had a little history in them.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, you're right, he was in Slumdog Millionaire as well as an action film.
I would say dramas. One of my favorite horror films is Vampires. It's very funny
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird, which is fiction.
No, Go Set a Watchman was written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Zlatan Ibrahimovi is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the German national team.
Yes, Venus and Serena Williams are a tennis player from the UK.
I love him! He is on the Voice. I think he is a perfect singer. Do you like him?
Bahati Prinsloo is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
Sure, its a great label. Aside from being a writer, Adam Levine, is also a film producer and a director, the director of Pineapple Express.
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
Nicolas Cage actually starred in Lord of War. Have you seen that one?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He's the first actor in Nicolas Cage.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is very talented, he is a songwriter too. Do you like him?
I haven't heard of him. I know he is a songwriter. Is he a good writer?
That's pretty cool. I haven't ever heard of him. I think he is a musician as well.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a good one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is also a comedy about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels.
Great. Enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Missing. It's a great movie.
If you like Liam Neeson, you might also like The Missing. It's a historical movie. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome
I can't find a book by the same author, but I can tell you that The Great Gatheringby is the next book in the series, The Great Gathering Storm.
I'm sorry I don't have any other information at this time. But I can tell you that The Total Recall is another one you might like.
I would recommend The Bonesetter's Daughter.
If you are looking for more fiction, you're welcome.
Sure, it is written by Mark Twain and is a children's literature. The genre is children's literature. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! La sombra del viento was released in 1985 and it has a genre of El juego del angel.
That's interesting. I hope you enjoy it.
No problem! Enjoy!
I am not sure, but I know she is born in Magnolia, California.
That was a good one also. Did you know she is also a model?
I don't know, but the Muppets starred Micheal Cimino
I am not sure, would you like to know some of her real songs?
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
i don't know much about him. I'm a big fan of Lamar Jackson. He was born in Mumbai.
That's awesome, have a good day!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Of course! Other Young-adult fiction books include The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
The Fault in Our Stars starring Shailene Woodley and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Absolutely, some other young adult fiction books you might enjoy are Looking for Alaska, I believe that was also released in 2014.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction. Can I help you with anything else?
The Giver is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
There are so many great films to choose from but a few you may want to check out are Winter's Tale and The Master.
Both Rene Russo and Jennifer Jason Leigh starred in it. It's a teen film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
It stars Roger Avary and is a drama, do you like these genres?
He's also on the Mists of Avalon and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like fiction?
Sorry, I don't have that information. But Quinten Terintino starred in Zombieland with Louis Lombardi.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I don't really know any of her music. I'm a fan of dance-pop, so I hear a little bit about them. Do you like similar type of music?
I'm not too sure about her but I agree with you on that. She has a good voice.
The Thorn Birds which became a miniseries and The First Man in Rome are to name a couple.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in Rome in 1968. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, you might like The First Man in Rome by Colleen McCullough.
Alison Doody starre in A View to a Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1997
River Phoenix starred in it. Do you like any other movies?
your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is from England.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a horror movie and The Muse is directed by Frank Darabont. Do you like his movies?
Not really, but Goodfellas is also starring Joe Pesci. It is a Romance and Comedy.
Great! You're welcome.
That's a great movie with Steve Carell in it. Do you like him?
Great. Do you want to know more about Steve Carell?
Yeah he is. Zach Galifianakis is very good in that movie.
Wilson Rawls wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that?
Susan Meissner wrote The Iron Queen. It is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Are you interested in it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is directed by James Cameron?
Rosario Dawson also starred in I, Robot. He's a great actor.
You are welcome, you should check it out.
That's a great team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
Tom Brady and Patriots also lost to the Patriots in the XXXVIII.
You're right, he was a great player as well.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote a whole lot. He's made some songs like Tropic Thunder and Titanic.
You might enjoy Captain America: The First Avenger. It is an adventure movie.
I have Sherlock Holmes and The Stone of Tears fall into that category, have you seen them?
If you haven't seen The Postman, you may want to check out The Black Dahlia then.
You're welcome. Enjoy the film!
enjoy the rest of your day.
Pearl Harbor was a Romance movie and it was directed by James Cameron. Do you like Romance movies?
I don't have any information on that but I can tell you that it is a romantic comedy
Yes,I love that movie. It was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies. I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I don't really follow basketball, but I know he's a pretty good player. Who's your favorite player?
I'm not sure if he's in it, either. It does star Steve James, right?
I haven't seen it yet. I've never seen it yet. Is it good?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a genre Science and biography.
You're welcome, glad to help.
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
Yes Packer is a Packer. He plays the Green Bay Packers.
I like basketball and football. Especially the LA Lakers.
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Bernadette Peters and Miranda Richardson.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him but I know he is dating Angelina Jolie Johnson. Are you a fan?
Yes he did. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know what else he is in, but he was also a director and a musician.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you liked the sci-fi genre, you might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of these?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Tom Wilkinson and Bill Pullman. It is a great science fiction movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't follow football, I know he is a quarterback for the Saints. I like football
I have not seen it either. I heard Wesley Snipes was a great actor in Wildcats.
Yes, I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, and young adult fiction book. By Richelle Mead. Do you like any of those genres?
I believe it is. What else can I do for you?
She also wrote The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues
No problem. Glad to help
Do you like Young-adult fiction? The Giver is in that genre.
It's Young-adult fiction.
The very hungry caterpillar is written by Stieg Larsson. Do you like this author?
I am not sure if he wrote any other children's literature. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Zooey Deschanel is a great children's book. It is a young adult fiction.
I don't know any other books by him. Any other questions I can help you with?
Certainly. He also wrote Cars with Charley: In Search of America and The Perfect Score.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
I don't have any more suggestions about movies starring Oscar De La Hoya, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't really know much about them
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers and he was a Quarterback
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
I don't have any more information on that. However I can tell you that she was influenced by Dante Alighieri and Alexandre Dumas.
No I don't. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome.
That's a great book! Have you read the whole series?
Yes, the book is in the same genre as Winnie the Pooh and The Tao of Pooh.
Yup, it is and it is in the speculative fiction genre.
Wonderful, I hope you enjoy it.
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Yeah, he was the New York Jets. I don't really know much about him.
That's a good idea. I don't know much about the Greek Freak.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes he did and it was released in 1985. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linkin Park is still an amazing album. I think they both are together. Did you know the band is an alternative rock?
The Road is a post apocalyptic fiction book. Do you like these genres?
Have you read The Good Dinosaur? It is also a science fiction novel?
The book was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Last Colony.
He normally does Tragedy. That's a great one.
Yes he does! He also wrote The Last Colony and The Human Division. Both are science fiction movies.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Tom Hanks also produced and produced the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
They are both dramas. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Yes she is a female author from Chico. Are you a fan of hers?
She's a great actress. She also worked on a show with Jessica Biel. You should check it out!
Yes, I do. I also like a satire show called Mama Mia. Have you ever seen that?
I'm not sure, but it also starred Thomas Lennon and Anne Hathaway.
You're right, you can't go wrong there.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Well, he's from Washington DC and has a lot of great players. Is he a good player?
Yeah. She was born in Alexandria, Missouri. She is a great woman.
I love her music. Have you heard of her song, Your Love is My Drug?
Yeah, I don't know much about her. I'm more of a fan of Adele, but I don't know much about her
That's interesting. I like Yellow Submarine as well.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. He won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
It was. Same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
No problem!
He wrote The Martian Chronicles. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury. Anything else I can help you with?
Anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy it!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like thrillers?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football team.
Really, I don't know much about soccer. Did you know David Beckham is from South Africa?
Yes, she is. I didn't know she was an actress too.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like more sci-fi recommendations based on these?
Arnold Schwarzenegger stared in The Terminator, Predator, and Where the Wild Things Are. Would you like to watch those?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is the current playing with him.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Speculative fiction.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and it is written by Gail Carson Levine
There is no information available about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Sure, Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars Episode V- The Empire strikes back which was also produced by Vivica A. Fox.
Harry Potter and the Order of a Man Called Horse is another good one.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856.
I am not too sure when it was published but I do know that it is a speculative fiction book.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel. If you haven't read it, I recommend The Last Colony and The Human Division.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes she was. It is a Thriller
Yes, I have seen that movie. Wasn't that written by John Steinbeck?
Certainly! Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Fiction Novel which was released in 1910.
Certainly. The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent were written by him.
Yes, it is.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes. J.M. Barrie also wrote Winnie-the Pooh and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
No, I'm not sure. But I can tell you that Micheal Hague was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Enjoy your book!
Wuthering Heights is a book she wrote. The genre is Gothic fiction. Have you read any books Gothic fiction?
It's considered a classic. Would you like to read it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure, one of my favorites is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
It's a great series of books. He also wrote Oliver Twist and Bleak House.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe the genre is young adult fiction.
I'd recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
Sure! He is a tennis player and from Switzerland. He played in the Olympics.
Not really. Not really at all. I'm more of a baseball fan. One of my favorite tennis players is Venus and her sister, Serena. Do you like tennis?
Sounds like a great plan. Did you know he won a Padma Shri Award?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan?
What other sports do you like?
Haha, I am not sure. I am more of a baseball fan.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Thrillers similar to Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
you are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes she was as well as a musician and a actress. She was also in The Help.
Viola Davis has been in quite a few including The Help, as well as X-Men: First Class and X-Man.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ghost Writer. Would you like to hear more about this?
Yes he did . That was a great musical. Would you like to hear more of his musicals?
Yes he did, and he also starred in Waking Life. Have you seen that movie?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Flannery O'Conner has written a lot of books. Did you know she was influenced by William Shakespeare?
Children's literature
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens.
Bill Paxton has also starred in Blade Runner and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It's also a very good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you?
He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
She writes a book called Wild Cards, it is also a crime fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a movie starring Robert De Niro. Would you like to know more about it?
He also directed The Last Templar.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie released in 1990.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a great drama film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
You're welcome. It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy?
Angelina Jolie Pitt also starred in the movie Tinker Bell. Do you like her?
Are you looking for any other movies with the same genre?
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen those?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Happy to help.
Okay.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise and it has Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he did. That was a great film. Are you a fan of his?
If you liked that one, you may also enjoy A Walk to Remember. Have you seen that one?
No problem! I'm glad to help.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Tim Pigott-Smith, Bill Paxton and Robert Duvall starred in Total Recall
Patrick Swayze was the main actor in Total Recall
You're welcome.
I agree! The San Francisco Giants are a football team based in San Francisco. Do you enjoy football?
Oh. Didn't the Giants win the World Series?
That is a great division with the San Francisco Giants. I'm also a baseball fan.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I don't know, but I can tell you that it is starring Chris Hemsworth.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yep, he is from China. Have you been to China?
Yes, it is. It also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Do you like those books?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book. Would you like to know more?
Mark Twain is also the author of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure. He's the most famous writer of all time. He's been in The Prince and the Pauper and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Great, you're welcome
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are one of the most popular novels.
It's a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and has been made into a movie. Would you like to know more about this book?
It appears to be a Romance.
You're welcome!
He wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. That's a good movie.
Yeah, he is. I loved him in World War Z. Did you know that?
Yes, he did. If you like his brother Luke Wilson, you might also like The Royal Tenenbaums.
Very glad I could help. Enjoy!
That's a great song by her. Did you know she starred in a movie called Crossroads?
Yes, I went downhill was a great author. I think I have never heard of her before. Is she a good artist?
I haven't seen it but I know he was in the movies Friends with Benefits have you seen it?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
It does, it is a book written by Liss Whedon, and released in 2012.
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy and drama. Do you like comedies?
Sure, enjoy the movie!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
Great Escape was released in 2006. It has a great cast. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great Escape from New York and Kristen Stewart. Do you like Kristen Stewart's work?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the genre or would you like to hear more titles from him?
Anne Hathaway wrote it.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Way of Zenda.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
George Johnson wrote the Wizard of Oz. He also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes it is in the Adventure Genre
Ok, enjoy!
Yes I know he plays for the Argentina national football team and he is a very good player
That's funny. I was surprised to see him play for FC Barcelona when he has a lot of action.
I agree. Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. What do you think about him?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also starred in the movie Larry Crowne
Would you like to know more about Harrison Ford?
Definitely, can I help you with anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky and Jess Harnell starred in it.
Yes she was. Emma Watson starred in the Harry Potter movies as well.
I'm not sure if he actually directed any other movies.
No problem.
Yes. It stars Brad Pitt and was released in 1994
Tom Cruise starred in the Vampire Diary.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain National team.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they are a goof team.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants won the World Series. The last time that they drafted Heath Ledger.
Yes, they both play in the NFC South division.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation with either of those actors?
Then you'll like The Dark Knight Rises. It's a good movie.
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Hugh Jackman and Martin Short. You may want to check it out.
William Friedkin directed the Hunted. Do you know that one?
It is a Romance. Would you like other recommendations?
No, but I can tell you that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she is a wonderful children's author who wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like fiction?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-and-White is in the genre of romance. Do you like romance films?
You are welcome.
They're a basketball team in the Western Conference, Southern division.
I like hockey and baseball. What about yours?
I love watching gymnastics as well as football
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has genre Urban fantasy.
Little Miss Sunshine has a big cast. It's considered a drama, a historical period drama, and a drama.
Alan Arkin has been in many great films. He was also in The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is! She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Serena Williams is currently number 66.
You're welcome.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Matrix Revisited and also in the Children's Literature genre.
Absolutely, he has written many great books. One of my favorites is The Bluest Eye. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
Yes it is Fantasy it is also a fantasy novel
The Two Princesses of Atuan is a fantasy. It's also part of a series.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't know if he still coaches them. Is he a good player?
I think he will be a free agent.
He is a football player, but he's from Argentina. You like soccer?
He currently plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team.
Are you a fan of Jeff Kinney, the author of Greg Heffley's Journal?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
You are welcome. Happy to help!
Apocalypto is apocalypto written and directed by James Dashner. What else can I answer for you?
I don't have any other films written or directed by him but he did write Apocalypto.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and William Hurt.
Happy to help!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
What of The Giver, it's a Young Adult Fiction
You're Welcome.
Yes, that's correct.
It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003.
Yes. She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is in the genre of Fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Philip Pullman wrote The Golden Compass and The Sorcerer's Stone, have you seen them?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
He directed Cutthroat Island starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he co-wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It stars Tom Amandes and Tate Donovan. Have you seen them?
You are welcome.
She's a lyricist. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I don't have a favorite, but I heard Shakira is pretty great. My favorite shes a fan of hers.
Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Me Before You was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Iron Queen.
I am not sure who is in it, but I do know it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right?
I agree with you. Did you know she starred in the movie Hair Show?
Yes! I love her as well.
The New York Knicks is a good team. I think Mike Woodson owns the team. Do you like them?
Do you watch any other sports ?
I haven't seen that one yet. I will check it out
Yes he is a football player who plays for Wales.
Not really. I am more of a football fan. Are you a fan of either team?
It is a good movie by Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
I know that it was released in 1969
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, Fear Nothing is a Mystery and Speculative fiction book.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Mickey Knox. Are you interested in Adventure?
Well, from what I've read, it was written by Mickey Knox. The movie stars Elijah Wood and Liam Neeson.
Of course! Once Upon a Time in the West is a 1962 American action film directed by Sergio Leone. Should I add it to your list?
It starred Russell Crowe and Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with their work?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Fault in Our Stars are some dramas you may enjoy.
The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American suspense thriller film directed and produced by Robert Mulligan, and released in 1996.
The Manchurian Candidate was written and directed by Richard Condon.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Definitely, he's also a DJ. He's from Philadelphia!
I think they are a great team, what do you think about him?
I love gymnastics especially the US Olympic teams throughout the years
I am not sure who is in that. What is your favorite sport?
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
It's a self help book
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. He was also in The Other Guys.
I don't know what songs she sing, is she a singer?
I didn't know that. I'm a big fan of hers. Do you like any of their music?
I haven't heard about Shakira. I'm more of a rock fan. I like Selena Gomez and Rihanna too. Is she a good singer?
She is. I didn't know she was in the London Summer Olympics. That's a good one.
Yes, He is a Cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan?
What other sports do you follow?
Yeah she was! I know she is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is also a novel.
Bill Paxton has starred in so many great science fiction movies as well.
Yes, that's a great movie. Kevin Costner produced it, and starred in it as well. He is highly recommended!
1989 was a great year for movies.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Have you seen it?
Sure! It's a fantasy that was directed by James Cameron. Do you like his work?
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom. It's a great movie.
No problem!
Yes, Can You Keep a Secret is written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote the Shopaholic series
Yes, she does. Her genre is drama and crime.
Would you like to read it?
Have a great day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays on the India national team.
Well, I'm not a big football fan, but I'd like to learn more about the sport. So I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't think so, but Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects. She also wrote Dark Objects and Dark Places.
It was released in 2014. That's the same year that Dark Places was released.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, Mamma Mia also starred in the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
You have Homayoun Ershadi and Helena Bonham!
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Wow, I had no idea. What team is that?
No, I've never heard of it. Its pretty cool.
That's a good one. That's a good team as well!
It came out in 2013. That's a good year for them.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you heard of either of these books?
I cannot, but I do know that Wayside School is apart of a series have you heard of that?
Yes it is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is a very good golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Oh he is a good golfer! He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, 2006, and 2010 Masters Tournament.
Oh, yeah! I loved that drama. I think he is a very good actor.
Thanks for letting me know!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
I don't know when it was released. But if you like sci-fi you might also enjoy The War of the Worlds.
Nope, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie. Did you see it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
This movie stars Jenna Boyd, Clint Eastwood and Oliver Platt. Do you like his movies?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is very good, he is a shooting guard.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
They're a good baseball team. I prefer the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. are you a fan?
Well, as a matter of fact, the Yankees play at the Madison Square Garden quite a few times.
It is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It is a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
i know Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano also starred in Finding Neverland. Do you like that one?
A recent one with a slasher is The Trouble with Harry. Have you seen that one?
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the team?
Yes, if you like them both, they must be a good team. Did you know Lovie Smith used to play for the San Diego Chargers?
Sure! Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone and stars Sylvester Stallone. Do you like them?
He starred in The Box and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen either of these?
Creed is a comedy crime movie, directed by Joel Coen, starring Zach Grenier and Jason Bateman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Lost World is a fantasy and Speculative fiction novel.
You're very welcome!
I am not sure. I haven't seen it but i'm sure it is starring Alison Lohman.
Nicole Kidman and Robert Duvall also star in it
He was in the Science Fiction Film The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice is another good one.
Oh yes, for sure! I like Gothic fiction. You may also like the Abyss.
The Time Machine is written by Frank Beddor, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Have you seen Jurassic World? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt. You should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great actor, he starred in Things Behind The Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them
I'm not sure about that. I'm sure you will love it.
Yes, it is. Would you like to see it?
That is definitely a good one. I think you'd enjoy it too.
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team in the AFC East division. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
mascot is 29 years old and has won a super bowl for a while.
The Broncos are 3rd in the AFC West.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ.
It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels were also in it. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It's a 007 film starring Sean Connery and also Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any other books by that author, but if you like Mysteries, I recommend Dark Places.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. Would you like to know more about his books?
Yes, I agree.
Yes I do. I would recommend Xenocide or World War Z.
Great, enjoy your day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I don't know much about him. I know he is from India. He is a cricket player and plays for the Royal Challengers Bangalore. Do you follow cricket?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players of all time.
I have not, but I've seen the Miami Heat NBA Finals and a couple of games. Do you like cricket?
Ray Wilkinson is in it. Who's your favorite player?
You too!
I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander and are part of National Basketball Association
It is a comedy. Looper stars Noah Segan and it is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, Warlock is a thriller. Do you want to know more about it?
No, it is a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies you will also want to check out Zombieland.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You may want to try The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It was written by Scott Fitzgerald.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure about that. It's a classic written in English. It's a great read.
Yes, it does. It's from the English language and is in English.
Great! Glad to help. Enjoy the books!
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays soccer, but I don't really follow sports. Do you like soccer?
That's great. I have seen a few games like Venus and her sister Serena Williams. Are you a fan?
Yes I love it. I watch tennis from time to time.
I agree, I love the fashion world. Is that your favorite?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
no problem
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Mystery. Do you like this type of genre?
In the Woods is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Glad to help. Enjoy the book!
Yes, I know he wrote Thirteen Moons and The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao
Hmm, I don't see films he's involved with. Sorry. But David Ayer starred in The Matrix Revisited starring Tom Hanks.
Do you like Drama movies? You may want to see it. It's a good movie.
Yes, I recommend The Prestige and The Dark Knight
No problem!
I know they are part of the NFC North.
The New England Patriots are 2nd in the NFC North.
My husband really likes them. I think the Saints are doing well this year.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
The Social Network is a Biographical film starring Andrew Garfield
The Social Network was released in 2003 and its starring Andrew Garfield.
2010 is the year that released The Social Network.
2010 is a movie starring Vince Vaughn, and Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
I have not seen this movie, I know Tobey Maguire starred in The Crazies as well as The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He's written The Ice Storm and The Clockwork Girl among others.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction. He also wrote The Ship of Brides which is also a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2014. Are you interested in that one?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did. Do you like her books? She wrote the Twilight series.
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read it?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't. I do know that she also played any other players like her.
I'm not sure. Do you have any information on that?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Yes, he is a scientist and author.
Yes, he directed The Polar Express. Have you seen that?
Robin starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. It's also a drama.
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? Have you seen that one?
We Bought A Zoo stars Jim Carrey, Cameron Crowe, and Woody Harrelson.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about it, but I can tell you that it is an autobiography that was made into a movie. You might also like The Day After Tomorrow.
That one's a classic. Another example of an epic poetry is The Stars My Destination. You might enjoy it.
Yes, it's a classic. I'm not sure if it's a common style.
I like the Seahawks but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite football team?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XLVIII?
I don't think so, but he still has a good record.
Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds and its a very good movie.
Sandra Bullock played a voice on the cartoon called Miss Congeniality. If you don't like her, you should watch it.
Sure, that proposal is a comedy-drama film directed by Frank Darabont.
I like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is actually the next book in the series, Dead as a Doornail and more a fantasy series by Charlaine Harris.
Yes it is! The book is also written by Tom Clancy. Have you read it?
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The owner is Mike Woodson
They are a part of the NFC South division
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, SWAT (2003 version). He also starred in Three Kings. That is a good sci-fi film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for Seven Psychopaths. I do know Seven Psychopaths is starring Bill Murray, and is considered a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, Corey Johnson, and Shawnee Smith just to name a few.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I think he was in Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Joe Morton. I think you'll really enjoy it.
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it is based on the book.
Ok, if you like that one you should give The Giver a try.
No problem!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
Really, I don't know much about his team. Is he a good team?
Yes, it is.
Yes, she's an author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yea, I believe she's a poet. Do you like poetry?
Sure, it was first published in 1856. It's a book about the personal life of young girl.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure do you read Russian?
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg and James Franco. It is a comedy.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays soccer, right? I'm not much of a football fan.
I'm not really a fan of football, what about you?
Yeah that was a great drama movie. I liked it
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie. I really liked her in Ocean's Eleven.
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a fantasy book. If you like that you'll like Vespers Rising
It is a young adult fiction novel written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Does that interest you?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
it has genre Historical fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Does this sound interesting to you?
I do! I really like him in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. Have you read this one?
Some other romance novels are Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles
I know that it was released in the year 1851
Sure, hope you enjoy the book!
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
Yes, she is an athlete who plays golf.
Haha. I like that movie too. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
Definitely. Grown Ups is a great movie. I like Rob Schneider in that movie too.
Yes, she was. Frida starred Salma Hayek.
Joe Morton starred in What Lies Beneath that written by Lewis Carroll. Would you like to know more?
Shark Night and xXx are also Thrillers you may like xXx.
Great. Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. Great movie!
Enjoy your movie
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is, and he is also from the 1980s.
Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is an Action Film?
Then you might like like Iron Man 2 also starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth
Great, he starred in some great movies like The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy.
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might be interested in.
It is a psychological thriller starring Eric Brees. It is the sequel to The Butterfly Effect.
Yes, William Scott wrote and produced The Final Destination.
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller film written and directed by Eric Brees. It is on Netflix. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Happy to help.
She's great. I have seen her in the movie Crossroads and Crossroads.
Seth Rogen and Danny McBride also starred in Pauly Shore. It's a great movie.
It was released in 2017 and is a drama/romance genre.
300 is directed by him.
It's a fantasy. You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Xander Berkeley starred in it.
Matt Damon starred in it as well and also directed it.
Yes, it's a good movie. It stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was written by Quentin Tarantino
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
Yeah he did. It's a good historical period drama.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that it is a fantasy book
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Tom Cruise is right and he was in Days of Thunder too.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Would you like to hear more?
You are welcome.
I think they have a good season this year. Their coach is Mike McCarthy.
Not really, but he was a really good coach. I think Brett Favre is a great player. What do you think?
Yeah, I like the Niners too! My favorite team is the Lakers. They're a Lakers fan as well.
Sure My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Jodi Picoult also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer but I do know he is a midfielder from west Germany. Do you watch soccer?
Do you have a favorite team?
Then i also enjoy watching basketball. What other sports do you like?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, among others.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I'm sorry I don't have any other fantasy books in that genre. Would you like some other fantasy books?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem! There is also a film of the same name written by Milan Kundera.
I know he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I do know that they are owned by Tom Benson.
No problem
Yes she is professional Golfer born in Hawaii
Yes. I would have to say about that. Do you like any other sport?
Wow. I had no idea. What else do you know about her?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Great question, some of the actors include Angelina Jolie and Anthony Hopkins.
Sure. It was released in 1990 and was made into a movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yeah, I think he's the best Choreographyography. Do you know if he's still in music?
I think so. I'm not sure. I think he's married to Liam Neeson.
Do you like animated Disney films?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
A movie similar to Treasure Planet is The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Yes, it's a great book. I have not read that one. How about you?
I haven't read that one. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation!
I'm not a big fan of tennis, but I do know that Rafael Nadal has won a lot of awards.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yes, that's right. I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type books?
Good to know! The book was released in 1914 and it's a detective fiction.
Yellow Wallpaper was a great read. Hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? I hear they are both great mystery books.
Sure, I hope you enjoy the book.
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of hers?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and The Transfer!
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a fantasy novel. It was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like sing. I like all of her music. She has also composed A Thousand Years.
Apparently she did, and she starred in the movie A Thousand Years.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was written by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor?
Sure. Steve Buscemi starred in Vacation and The Polar Express. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome.
Yes, Where There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts and The Storyteller are very good books by her. Have you read any of it?
You might also like The Pacifier, which is a fiction novel. Have you read it?
Where There's Smoke is a thriller. Do you like fictional?
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. What sports do you like?
I like the Washington Redskins. What about you?
I am not a huge football fan but I have little knowledge about it. The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
Oh, I love the player. I watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I don't know much about him, but he's a good one for the Browns. Just like the Browns.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show
Yes he did. Peter Weir also directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she's a good singer and actress. I liked her in Ramona and Beezus
I am not too familiar with her music. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a similar book.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
Yes it is. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card. Would you like more recommendations?
No problem, enjoy the book!
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web as well. It was released in 1996.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Ultimate Enemy and The Pacifier is one of my favorites.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is one. Have you heard of it?
Sure. Submarine is considered a drama. Another great movie you might like is Where the Wild Things Are.
He is an action movie.
Enjoy!
Sure that book is written by Douglas Adams. Do you want to know more books written by him?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a Science Fiction, Mystery and Adventure book. It was released in 1961. Would you like to hear more?
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a book written by Adams. Would you like to hear more about the author?
Absolutely! I am happy to help. Enjoy!
they are a great k-pop boy band. do you like them?
Yes, do you like Nsync because he is an artist?
I do. I like them both. The Bluest Eye is a good one.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, But i don't follow football much
Yes, you are right and he was a linebacker.
I'm a fan of hockey, so I haven't watched any sports before. Do you like hockey?
Well, James Frain who is in it is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is a science fiction action movie. Is that what you like?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller with a lot of thrillers. It is written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more?
L.A. Confidential is a thriller written by James Elliot. It is starring Kevin Spacey, Josh Brolin, and Kevin Spacey.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Taxi Driver is a Thriller written by Michael Brandt
I have not seen it but I do know that it is starring Robert De Niro and is a comedy. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. Denzel Washington starred in The Manchurian Candidate. It is a very good movie.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, and Rufus Sewell also starred in The Shifters. Do you like him?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
Catching Fire is the similar movie. It is a very good movie.
You're welcome
I am not a big tennis fan but I do know she has a sister named Serena Williams.
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
Oh yea. That's a good one. I haven't seen it yet. Is it your favorite sport?
I am not sure where Serena is residing. I remember when Serena lost to Venus.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller and suspense.
You may want to check out Without Limits by Neil Burger. It's a thriller and suspense film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Shutter Island? He wrote that.
It was written by A.A. Milne. It was released in 2007 and is a Romance. I highly recommend it.
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It also is in the Thriller genre.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale. It's a great book.
It was written by Dan Brown. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she has also starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yes that's true. It's a good relationship. Have you heard of any other bands in that genre?
Yes that's correct. They had a little bit of romance thrown in the mix.
Yeah, you should watch it. It's been a while since I saw it.
That's cool. I'll add it to my watch list.
Yes, it is written by Joel Coen who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
No, I don't have that information.
No problem, enjoy.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It is in the English language, and released in 2014.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Have you read Zodiac? It was written by James Patterson.
Sorry, I don't have any more recommendations on him.
It's a romance novel by Agatha Christie.
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in some great films. Did you know he starred in Larry Crowne? It's also a romantic comedy
I don't have any more suggestions about that movie. But Tom Hanks directed and produced The Polar Express.
You're welcome!
Yes indeed! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn.
It stars Evan Rachel Wood and it is a drama
I am not sure who starred in it but I do know Requiem of a Dream would be a movie
Francis Ford Coppola directed Apocalypse Now. Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Yea, he starred in that movie called Apocalypse Now. Francis Ford Coppola also directed The Godfather series.
It's a political drama that also has the elements of apocalypse and drama.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller about a black comedy starring Matt Damon.
Well if you like Date Night, you might also like Catch-22. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes I do she's wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
Vanessa Redmayne, Mark Wahlberg and Rufus Sewell.
It's a romantic comedy. He also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Are you a patriots fan?
Belich, he's a good coach. He won a Patriots game in Baltimore.
Yes, a great movie. It stars Bill Murray, Tom Hardy, and Zoe Kravitz.
Yes, she did and she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and Mad Max: Fury Road.
Yes, and Nicky Katt also starred in Justice league and he is also a Lawyer and a Television producer.
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt has a role in The Brave One.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It was released in 1936
Not sure if you haven't read it yet, i definitely recommend it.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama?
Just a little bit. It's considered a fantasy and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it does. Unknown is also a film.
Yes it's a foreign film. Other similar films are; The Return of the King, The Bonesetter's Daughter, and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
Ok, enjoy the book!
Yes he is a football player who plays for Wales.
It's a midfielder. You're right about a Midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales
Sure, Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't know much about her music. I'm more of a rock fan.
Yes, she does like some new stuff about her. I'm a fan of Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Yes, misery is written by Anne Frank. It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not seen that one, but i know it is starring Anthony Heald.
Yes, I think I have seen The Silence of the Lambs. I know it was written by Anthony Hopkins. I think I have seen that one. It's a good one.
Emily Griffin is an author and she wrote The Scorpio Races.
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a good movie. Kevin Costner and Debra Winger were also in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you When we Were Orphans is in the English language.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative science fiction.
Your welcome!
He played on Poland's national football team. He was a forward. Do you like football?
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Lewandowski was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure. The Selection is a fantasy novel and it was written by Kiera Cass. Do you like his books?
Okay, I hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day!
X-men is an action movie and a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I haven't seen that one, but I heard it's great. Then I believe he also directed it.
Robert Downey Jr and Mark Ruffalo are in it. Do you know them?
Yeah, I think he did. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime, thriller. Do you like those types of books?
Yea, I haven't read that one yet, but I've read it once and saw the movie White Oleander.
You're welcome!
Yes, that movie was written by Yann Martel and stars Suraj Sharma. Would you like to know more?
It was written by Orson Wells. It stars Zsa Zsa Gábor.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoey Deutch.
Yes, The Tipping Point book was written by Tim Pigott-Smith. It is a Thriller.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes. Steve Covey is also a musician and a musician.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
White House Down is a great action movie starring Valerie Plame.
Diane Keaton, Jeff Bridges, and Parry Shen starred in Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed The Godfather series. Have you seen that?
Yes, adding that now. Enjoy the movie.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia if you like that genre.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is the second of the The Chronicles of Narnia series. It's a fantasy series.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It's part of the series The Chronicles of Narnia series. I'm not sure if you'd like it.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really know anything about cricket. I'm more of a baseball fan. One of my favorite players is Venus Williams.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good player?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
Yes, he has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, This Lullaby, and The Voice. Have you seen any of those movies?
Yes, there is one called There's Something About Mary, another good one.
It was written by James Frey. It's a great Fiction. You might also like The Sandman as well.
Sure, he's also written The Name of the Wind and The Big Lebowski. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
You are welcome. Happy to help.
Awesome. Enjoy your book.
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton.
he wrote the facts and he also wrote the facts
it is a tragicomedy
you're welcome!
He is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I am not a huge sports fan but I do know he is a Midfielder. Who is your favorite sport?
Then you'll love American Football as well!
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He also wrote "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Golden Compass".
I don't have any more information on that one. However, I can tell you that he is also a writer and a biography.
Of course! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho is actually a writer and he wrote The Alchemist and he is also a musician. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fantasy.
You're welcome. Happy to help.
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional basketball player for the New England Patriots.
Emir Kusturica also starred in it. It's a good movie.
Eva Mendes starred in the comedy Tropic Thunder as well as in the comedy film.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was the lead in American Sniper. I don't know of his other movies. Anything else I can help you with?
It's a drama. It's a movie with Matthew McConaughey.
Any time! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Martin Scorsese wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller.
Yes, Step Brothers is a great comedy film. You might also like The Handmaid's Tale.
You might also like The Warrior's Way, which is a comedy.
Sure. It also stars Robert De Niro and it's a comedy.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey and Marlon Brando.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is available.
Yes, he's a Romance. He also wrote That Thing You Do.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy that Tom Hanks produced. That Thing You Do!, This Christmas is a romantic comedy.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and it's a Drama.
I would have to say that if it is a comedy. Anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unbreakable.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year they won the Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. They have gone into the Super Bowl XXXVIII so I am sure they will make it to the Super Bowl.
Good for them on winning the World Series although I am not a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Yes, that is correct. Have you ever watched the World Series?
Who is in New Jersey?
I did not see that one. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation!
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes. Mark Twain is the author of The War of the Worlds.
You are most welcome. Please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
That's a great movie by Veronica Roth. Would you like recommendations for similar movies?
Alright! Other movies in that genre are Transformers and The Light Between Oceans.
you're welcome.
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
It starred Robert Downey Jr, and Therese Anne Hathaway. It is a comedy.
Yeah, she is! I love her music. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yes, he's a good rapper. Do you like any of her music?
I m not a rap fan, but I grew up listening to rap. That's really cool.
Yes I do. It was written by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. Another example of that is Wuthering Heights. Have you seen that one?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a good one. You should check it out.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore is a children's literature and was released in 1868.
The Lorax was released in 1999
Would you like a recommendation based on genre?
You're welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I don't really know much about them. Who are their quarterbacks?
It was written by Alex Garland and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has also written The Invisible Man and The Game of Thrones as well as The Last Man.
Yes! He has made many films into movies. I think they would make it more interesting to read the book.
Enjoy!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
2011
It is a crime fiction
Your welcome
I've never read Luftslottet som sprängdes, written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland. Do you like the author?
You're correct. Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes, have you read that one?
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He directed The Seven Samurai and directed and produced Seven Samurai.
From what I can tell, he directed the Japanese film Yojimbo. Would you like to know more?
Zodiac is a good one. You should check it out.
Happy to help!
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a good one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Michael Stahl-David. what else can i answer for you?
"Breaking Dawn" is a good one. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
I'm not much of a football fan, But I like Hockey! The Golden Knights is my favorite team. How about you?
I like the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Rams.
I didn't know they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, I do he wrote Moonwalker which is a really good song.
Yes I have. He is such a good actor. I liked him in Men in Black II. Did you see it?
Yes, John Lennon was also in Aliens. Do you like Thrillers?
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You might like World War Z, or Zodiac, if you like zombie films.
Brad Pitt also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Well, if you like Orioles, you might want to try the Yankees.
Yeah. They're having a lot of good players like Aaron Rodgers to name a few.
Sure, he directed V for Vendetta. Do you like V for Vendetta?
Sure, it's a crime thriller directed by Brian De Palma. Do you like that kind of movie?
Great, I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
That's right! Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
That's right! Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I can! Douglas Adams was written by David McCullough and starred in The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
Yes, in 1986. It's a book based on the book, The way of the book was released
I can recommend Zoe's Tale which was written by Charles Dickens
ok great enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather stars Marlon Brando and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Good choice! Marlon Brando stars in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Great. Good choice! Marlon Brando is known for being starring in X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, he also produced The Godfather II.
If you liked that, you will probably enjoy The Godfather II. Have you seen that?
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
That's interesting. Have you ever watched a game live in person?
Are you a fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates? I think he is from there.
I don't think they are doing well this season but I'm a Bears fan. They were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Ok. Are you a fan of the Bears?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm actually more of a baseball fan.
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in and produced a film called Beautiful Creatures.
You Again is a drama released in 2007. It is also a film.
Yes. The Namesake is a novel by J. D. Salinger. Would you like more information about that?
Well, it's in the genre of speculative fiction, which is also in the same genre.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Added. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in this movie. He also starred in The House of Sand and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
I do, he composed The Christmas Blessing and he is a good singer. Do you like him?
God Gave Me You is a good performer. Do you like country?
I don't know, but he's a good singer. Do you like his music?
Yes I can. Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes it was. It's a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. If you like that, you should watch it.
I'm not sure but I would recommend Pretty Little Liars by Sara Shepard. It's also a TV series.
You're welcome! Have a good day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Do you know if he won a award in college?
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! I'm a fan of the Buccaneers.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Cameron Diaz starred in it. I highly recommend it.
You've got it. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was a good year.
Yes, Mary Higgins Clark also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry I don't have that information. can I help you with anything else?
Your welcome. Goodbye.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Are you familiar with that one?
It is a movie. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, definitely give it a watch!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
It was released in 2004
No problem
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a comedy-drama written by Frances Mayes.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini, who also wrote The Kite Runner. Have you read it?
Yes he has. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also released in 2012. Have you heard of it?
Enjoy the book!
Not sure but he is a former world No 1 in singles. He is a former world No 1 in singles titles.
If you are into Crime Fiction, Cinematography, is that what you are looking for?
It is a romantic drama about a trip she made to Italy. I don't know much about the movie.
Enjoy!
Hope you enjoy the movie.
She starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest. Would you like some more recommendations?
Sure! Shaun Evans starred in that, it's a very good movie.
Sure! Enjoy!
He is ok . Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It was released in 2008 and is a comedy genre.
I didn't know she was on that show as well. She was hilarious in The 70s show.
Yes, it is a good book. It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a satire. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird
Then you might enjoy The Crucible or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
He did. He was also in Star Trek. Do you like science fiction movies?
Sure, will do.
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
The actors starred in Wackness. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The author of Treasure Island is Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
Great choice, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Great. I'll add it to your list!
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
It was released in 1997
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Sure, Jack London wrote Toy Story, Toy Story, and The Sea Wolf.
Yes, The Call of the Wild was made into a movie. It's a fantasy movie.
Enjoy the books and movies.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. It stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Yes he was James Franco also starred in True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
He was also in The Hangover as well as We Bought a Zoo.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2004.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. Have you ever read it?
Frankenstein is a modern speculative fiction novel. Are you interested in that genre?
It is. Do you want to know more about the book?
You're welcome! I'm glad to help.
It is a thriller. It is starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Edward Norton.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a translator and a translator. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
He directed The Siege. Its genre is Thriller/Drama is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, you are right. He was in The Siege. He was also in a film called Antwone Fisher.
You should watch The Siege if you like Denzel Washington.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was. Volcano High was a thriller.
You're welcome.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I'm with you, if you haven't a fan of baseball, that's what I'm about.
I like the LA Dodgers because they are owned by Fred Wilpon. I am more of a baseball fan.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It came out in 2005 and it's a very good read.
It stars Stephen J. Dubner and Anthony J. Dubner. Do you know them?
Of course, enjoy!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallier starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West.
Absolutely. The Good and the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few more you might like.
Yes, you can try The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Fast and Furious.
No problem. Glad to help.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction.
Some other speculative fiction books include Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House.
He's directed several movies including Maleficent, Million Dollar Baby, and Gran Torino.
Daniel Radcliffe and Rip Torn both starred in it. You should check it out!
You got it! I know he was in The Civil War. That's a great movie. You should check it out!
Djimon Hoesou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 1990, and starred Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her work?
Great! Judy Greer and Julianne Moore are all in it. It was released in 2001 and starred Naomi Watts.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
Underdog is a drama that is about a flesh eating form-less space bloblon boy born in Los Angeles
Jay Leno has starred in many movies including The Mask, The Scorpion King, and The Mask. Do you like those?
They are. Did you know they were owned by Wayne Weaver?
Yes I do, actually. The Philadelphia Eagles are owned by Zygi Wilf.
Not really, but I still love to watch the Seattle Seahawks.
I like the Patriots. What's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It's a classic! It also stars Penelope Cruz and Ellen Page. Are you familiar with these actors?
Yes, it's definitely a coming of age film.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX are both great Sci-Fi movies.
Yes, it was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Die Hard has genre Thriller. are you into thriller movies?
J.K. Rowling was in that movie. He also starred in Die Hard.
Did you like the movie because it was a zombie movie or because it was a zombie movie?
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in many good movies like Queen of Attolia and Stone of Tears
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. You might also like her in the movie The Truman Show.
Naomi Watts has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. They are amazing.
Sure, You will like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is in the Thriller genre, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman
It is starring Ryan Reynolds, and Huge Jackman, have you seen it?
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Mark Wahlberg. Would you like to know more?
Well, from what I can tell, he was also the executive producer of The Transporter and starred alongside J.K. Simmons.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds and Rosario Dawson.
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck also wrote and produced The Town.
The Town is a horror movie with the genre of The Town.
You're welcome.
Yes, he has written a few books such as Shaun of the Dead and Graveyard Book. Are you familiar with those?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a novel written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about the book?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, I can. The Scarlet Letter and The House of the Seven Gables are also literary Realism.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him ?
Tom Cruise was in Days of Thunder, Angels & Demons, and a few more. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Auto Racing was released in 2006. I don't know when it was released.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk
Hudson Hawk is an action movie written by him, and starring Bruce Willis.
There is one called Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
happy to help out.
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Yes, I like him too. Did you know he is also a musician?
I don't know much about Country music. I prefer Country music
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek III
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
The Mists of Avalon is a good one speculative fiction. You should check it out.
It came out in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in The Lorax, I think you are correct. He is a great actor.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. I highly recommend it.
Yes, she did. She also starred in Girl with a Pearl Earring.
I will have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a horror. Do you like this genre?
Sure do you like the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You are welcome- there is anything else I can help you with ?
Then you'll like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan?
Not much of a basketball fan but if you like basketball you will probably like The Golden Compass. Have you seen that?
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player too. Do you like basketball?
Sure, some great books by him include Teacher Man and Tis: A Memoir. Would you like to know more?
he also wrote Teacher Man. another book you might enjoy is Teacher Man.
you are welcome
This book is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction.
A couple of his books that you might like are The Silence of the Lambs and The Half Blood Prince. Have you read either of those ?
It was released in 2008. It's also very good.
Happy to help!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
I don't think he is an athlete. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not sure what sport he plays
You may enjoy The Sea of Monsters and The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure. White Fang was considered young adult fiction. Another good fiction book you might enjoy is Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
Yes, along with Richard Gere, she also starred in Polar Express. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, you are correct. Did you know she starred in it?
Yes, that is a good boxing drama. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in it?
Great. Have a good day!
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Leary?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance movie.
Yes, I love that book. She wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
She wrote The Tales of Beedle as well as The Casual Vacancy
If you like that one, you might also like The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
There are so many great young-adult fiction books that you might enjoy. World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Twilight are written by Charles Dickens.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy book. If you're looking for more in the fantasy genre, let me know if you need more.
You're very welcome. Happy to help.
Andrew Adamson directed Finding Neverland. Finding Neverland is written by Andrew Adamson.
It's a great one! It's a comedy about troubled youth. Would you like to watch it?
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by George Steinbeck. Are you a Mets fan?
Not too much, I am not a fan of the Mets. I am also a fan of the Brooklyn Nets.
I don't know about that, but if you ever seem to be a fan of Labyrina, that's why I really liked it.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fifth Element, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like any of those?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is in the Thriller genre.
I love Chealsea! It's a movie starring Tom Wilkinson. Do you like him?
the best team is the Redskins. Do you like that team?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
It starred suspense and horror. Do you enjoy those genres?
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and The Amazing Spider Man.
I am not sure about the year it came out
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. He's a good coach.
Yea, he used to play for the Broncos. He was a defensive back too.
Great, I do like drama. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I guess it's okay. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I like that movie too. Do you know Keanu Reeves starring in that one?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Yes, I like them too. I think he's a good basketball player
No, I haven't. I love him. He's a good basketball player.
Of course, Men in Black is written by Stephen King, it's a great romance movie!
Of course, you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie and X-Men.
Yes, it was very much received as a lot of awards. Can I recommend something else for you?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Batman Begins was released in 2005 and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, The Dark Knight is a sequel. Would you like to know more about Batman?
Happy to help
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
The original was released in 1850. That is a great read.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of books?
One of my favorites is Zoe's Tale. You should check it out
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Do you know him?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Colley and Kevin James, it's a Crime movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Fish is about and also falls into the children's literature category too.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Your welcome.
Sure! Do you like the book because it's written by Laura Joffe Numeroff or because it is a children's literature?
Yes. James Patterson is the same author and the movie was influenced by Lois Lowry.
Glad I could help!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
That movie is also a psychological thriller and it stars Tom Cruise.
I am glad to help.
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a book released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
He is such a great coach. I think they won the Championship in 2007 with them.
Yeah, he is. He is the current  commissioner. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
The Chicago Bulls are an awesome team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Yes, they have a good playoffs. They're second in the NFC North division right now.
you're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, True Believer was released in 2001. It is a crime fiction novel. I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Are you interested in the romance genre or the author of Northanger Abbey?
Sense and Sensibility is also written by Jane Austen.
Persuasion is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Have you been to a movie? Warner Bros. Records have quite a bit of history in them.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a Sci-Fi movie
It is a animated movie released in 2012. It is an adventure movie. Do you like children's movies?
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in it as well as Finding Nemo.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Yes I do! He starred in Zambezia have you seen it?
Yes, and she is in it. She was also in Washington Heights.
I have a lot of good family movies. You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's a good family movie.
Will do. Enjoy!
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, he was a famous bowler. What sport do you like?
Yes, that's right. He was a writer and an actor. He was born in Mumbai and starred in it.
Yeah he is a Point Guard in Basketball. Did you know that he was from Oakland?
Yes he does. Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really follow sports , but he's a good coach.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is written by Issac Ashes and starring Tom Hanks. It is a great movie.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jesus of Nazareth was a great family drama.
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a great singer. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough.
Thanks for letting me know if I can sing or dance to it
They are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. I think they are a great team. Do you like them?
Oh ok, I see. I'm actually more of a Bears fan myself. So I'm sorry. I haven't had some issues with them.
That's awesome! What are the commercials doing this year?
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I don't really follow him. I know he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. He is a good player as well.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you haven't seen that one.
OK, she has starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Bridesmaids. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, that is a great movie written by Steven Cummings. Are you a fan?
Yes, she is a talented actress. She also stars in the movie Aliens too.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
That is correct. Lovie Smith also coached the San Francisco 49ers.
I love watching football come to mind!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is written by J.K. Rowling. You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Would you like to try Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half-Blood Prince?
It's a good one! I highly recommend it.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
It's a romance movie. It's also a movie starring Gene Tierney. Do you like that type of movie?
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Sure! Hayao Miyazaki also directed The Shining.
You might also enjoy the Scream of the Banshee if you haven't seen it already.
Perhaps you would like The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. It's a teen romance and I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction novel that was published in 1993. It has a sequel to it called The Marriage Plot.
I am not sure of the exact year. But I can tell you The Virgin Suicides was released in 1993.
You're welcome
Sure, I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also starred Seth Rogen, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Seth Rogen starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and The Fishman. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a big resume. He was also in Pineapple Express and produced The Green Hornet as well.
You're welcome!
I know he wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Return of the King
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Absolutely, no problem!
Yes, I do. I think she is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
Yes, I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
Oh, I see. I'm not sure if it's the same, but I'm going to check it out. I haven't heard much from her.
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
It is a Science Fiction Film.
Enjoy it!
He is a member of the Brazil national football team. You like him?
Wow, I had no idea. What else do you know about Dani Alves play for?
The Chicago Bears are second in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. Are you a football fan?
I don't follow football much so I have no idea they are doing well this season.
Lets see. I'm not entirely sure if that's true.
That would be a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. Would you like some other recommendations on that?
This is a novel about social criticism. Does that interest you?
It is a historical period drama.
I don't really know much about working class. Is that a genre you like?
You're welcome.
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she wrote The Siren and The One Minute Manager. Have you read those?
It's a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes there are similar films such as Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol
Yes, it is. and if you like that type of movie, you should watch The Last Samurai if you are interested.
Then you would like The Last Samurai. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. Did you know it was also produced by George Orwell?
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Sure, he has written many books such as The Bluest Eye and The Bonesetter's Daughter.
It was actually written by Ralph Steathing. Would you like to know more about this book?
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over. Are you familiar with either?
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
The first one was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The woods is a drama released in 1997 and has a sequel called The Woods.
It is a sequel to The Words and it is released in the year 2013. It is a sequel to The Words.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
It is a thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
yes he was. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cenbregas play for the Spain national football team. He is also a midfielder.
ngel Di Mara is on that team.
Not really. I am not sure if that is where the team is located.
Aladdin is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Robert Wade starred in it and Aladdin also starred in it. It is an excellent family film.
Perhaps you would like The Shinning. It's a great animated movie.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief. it has genre Thriller
I am not for sure, but I can tell you that it also starred Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, he did. Neil Jordan also directed The End of the Affair with Peter Hyams.
Glad to help! You are most welcome.
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses. It's a great one.
No problem! Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It is starring Ulrich Mühe and Marcia DeBonis.
Starring Daniel Craig as a judge on The Baader Meinhof Complex.
Your welcome.
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes, I like her song Thank Me Later. I have been listening to this one for a while. I like it all in music.
Oh yea that's a good song. I haven't heard it yet. Is it a Rhythm and Blues?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes she has written The Shadowhunter's Codex and City of Bones
Yes the Mortal Instruments is a series and the next one is The Sum of All Fears
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Yes, it's actually a comedy. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Oh, I love that book!
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is a drama film
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Great enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
Did you like Blood Diamond because it was starring Will Smith or because it was a thriller?
J.D. Salinger also starred in Unlawful Entry which is an action film
The Lord of War was released in 2004.
CCH Pounder stars in City of Bones and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. It's a comedy. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, he is in that too! He's a great actor in that movie too!
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She has starred in other movies like The Devils wears prada or The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes she was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Of course, enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you heard of either of these books?
Okay, if you enjoy fiction you'll like The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Does this help?
Yes, you might like The Bourne Identity. Starring Tom Hanks and X-Men: First Class.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Elephant Man.
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
You'd love to watch Ponyo. Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo.
Yes, this movie is a drama. I think you would love it.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There Will Be Blood stars Robin Williams and Rosario Dawson.
You're welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Pairs Wife which is a really good one. Have you read it?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996. It's also a film
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Of course, i am glad to help. Enjoy the book!
Sure, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, Into the Water and The Manchurian Candidate for both Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it but it seems to be a mystery genre. One of my favorites is The Bad Beginning.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah he is. Is there anything else you need help with?
You are so welcome!
Sure, Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, are you interested in this genre?
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. He also wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes, he also wrote Son of Nabokov
Its genre is speculative fiction
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. This book has genre in drama and comedy.
The next book is  [Z no shmetsu]
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Glad to help
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes it is!
Not really, but i'm more of a satire fan of satire.
That's true. It's a famous film starring Tom Hanks.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's also a version of Wocket in My Pocket. Would you like to know more?
That's the same year that The Cat in the Hat and There's a Wocket in My Pocket were released.
If you like Kung Fu Panda, you might also like Monsters Vs. Aliens.
He's been in a lot of movies. If you like Kung Fu Panda, you might like Monsters Vs. Aliens.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a good one that is similar to Safe Haven.
Charlie Sheen is the star of Cheaper by the Dozen.
It was released in 2003 and starred Alexis Arquette, the director and producer.
You are likely to enjoy the trailers.
Sure enjoy the movie!
Yes, Tom Hardy and Christian Bale star in The Terminator. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Yes, Keanu Reeves, Glenn Plummer and Glenn Plummer starred in it.
I don't know, but I do know that it is a good movie. Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Added the movie to your watch list.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Peter Krause.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown, it is a thriller. It is a sequel to The Dark Knight that was released in 2002.
It is considered a thriller and speculative fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You might also like the Pacifier, it's a family comedy.
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy and Mystery movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time. It is starring Sam Rockwell and Patricia Clarkson.
It was released in 2008. It is a thriller/ science fiction movie.
Sure, I will add it now. Enjoy!
ok
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Adventure. Do you like that genre?
If you like the Great Gatsby, you might also like Tender is the Night.
I am not sure about that. However I know I do know that it is a romatic comedy.
Your welcome.
Ellen starred in When a Stranger Calls and The Stone Angel. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do. I know she is married to Serena, too. I know she has won a lot of awards but I think only Venus is very talented.
You must be referring to Tom Garfinkel if that's what he's in.
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird, which is fiction.
Ok, then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee or the Gothic fiction genre in general?
Great, you can also try The Man in the Iron Mask.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. How about you?
I don't know a lot about her music. What is your favorite genre?
I didn't know that. That's a good fact. She has a daughter, Liza Perez, and Kelly Preston. Do you like her?
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. You should check it out!
Yes, he also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer is another book he has written. This book is also in the Fantasy genre. Have you read it?
Happy to help
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. Do you like football?
I'm not much of a football fan. I prefer American Football.
Yes, he was also on American Football team. He was a midfielder as well.
I love her! She is great at the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan?
I think Brett Ratner is an actor. I wonder if he starred in X-Men
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino is a good actor.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like it because it's a memoir?
That's a Non-fiction book by Greg Mortenson.
Alice Sebold wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to know about more fiction novels?
That's a good one. It has genre Sci-Fi. is also released in 2002
Yes. Jack London wrote the book.
you are welcome
I know she is a tennis player from India. I don't follow her much.
You like tennis? Yuvraj Singh is also a good player.
I don't know. However, he is a good tennis player.
Yes, Usain Bolt is still playing for the New England Patriots.
I know that Thor: The Dark World is starring Chris Hemsworth, do you like his movies?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also fantasy.
That movie stars Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot. Would you like to see it?
Hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Looking for Richard.
Yes, he did, and he also starred in The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr... Do you enjoy that author ?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake as well.
Yes, I think it was a great book. Do you like that genre?
He directed the movie Monsters Inc.
Yes. John Sayles also wrote Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
It's considered a historical period drama.
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
Do you know any other players from Phil Mickelson?
I think it is pretty good. I think he is a good sitcom as well.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to Sarajevo. It is a very good movie.
Yes, if you like movies with Mickey Rooney, you might also like The Warrior's Way, in the same genre.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a self help book.
That's a good one. You should check out The One Minute Manager.
Sam Taylor-Johnson directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Kristin Scott Thomas. It's also a comedy.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. If you like Thrillers you'll enjoy it.
Of course! Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is written by Ralph Steadman. Would you like to know more about this?
He did. Hunting Big Game was an action film, you might like. Have you seen it?
It was a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997 and was made into a movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know if it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and it was released in 1996. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Awesome, would you like to know more about Chris Owen?
Awesome. Have a great day.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and The Virgin Suicides. Do you like them?
Matt Damon Starred in Bourne Legacy
It is a Thriller
Zero Dark Thirty, The Devils Advocate
have you watch Jurassic Park?
your welcome
Do you like the author, I can recommend some of her poetry books?
Shel Silverstein wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Where the Sidewalk Ends. Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends.
A Light in the Attic is also written by Shel Silverstein and is a poetry.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I know he is a country singer, songwriter and musician from Nashville. You like country?
I don't know a whole lot, but I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. She's friends with Taylor Swift!
Yes, I do - I can't wait to hear what else she has done
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999 and is a novel written in English. Does that interest you?
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many actors, including Chris Hemsworth, Ethan Hawke, and Liam Hemsworth.
Yes, the band is a Music Drama, and Michael Madsen.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Do you like Heroic fantasy genres?
William Shakespeare wrote a book called The Name of the Wind.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Great, you might like The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction. Is that of interest?
He's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, Wayne Rooney won the Premier League Player of the Year award
I know he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and a mixed martial arts fighter, are you a fan?
They are not my favorite National Football Team. Werent the Vikings coached by Mike Zimmer?
I am a fan. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
No, I haven't been following this season. Who is the owner of that team?
Yes, pitch perfect is starring Matt Damon. Do you like it because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Would you like to see that?
Yes, if you like action genre films you would like The Negotiator or The End of the Affair.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry i do not have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a good actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Suresh Rainia is an athlete in India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Not really, I'm more of a American Football fan. I prefer American Football.
Yes, he is a cricket player and he is also a midfielder. You probably know his position is Point guard.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction novel written in English and released in 1987
Mrs. Smith is a great book that is popular.
You are most welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a Spainish Footballer, but I don't follow soccer much. I know he is a midfielder from Spain. Do you like him?
I am not familiar with the team other than he plays for Barcelona. Are you a fan of the team?
He does! He also played for Manchester United F.C. I think you are right.
Yes, and he also coached Manchester United F.C. I think you are right.
Yes, he wrote This is Spinal Tap. Have you read it yet?
He has written a lot of war novels, including The Sun Also Rises and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. It is an erotic romance novel written by E.L. James and was released in 2011.
If you like that, you might also like The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is also written by E.L. James.
Sorry I don't, but if you want to know more about Bared to You.
No problem, enjoy the book!
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels like those?
It is a fiction book, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a film adaptation , what do you like about this movie?
Her next book is called Seabiscuit. It is about a race horse. Does that sound interesting to you?
You're welcome. Happy to help!
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I know he plays for the Jacksonville Jaguars. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart. He also wrote The Incredibles.
Yes he did and it was directed by Peter Hyams
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1974.
It's a non-fiction book released in 2007.
No problem! Have a great day!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right. John Fox is the coach of the Oakland Raiders. Did you like the Raiders?
If you like the Broncos, he might be a better choice.
Girl with a Pearl Earring is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Yes. It has a genre of Thriller - which is also a film.
George R.R. Martin wrote Snow Crash.
Did you enjoy Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it also stars Tom Cruise?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Redmayne, and Ed Harris. Do you like any of these actors?
Comedy-dramas is also a comedy-dramas.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, My Own Hearts Blood was released in 2011.
It's a fiction novel.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I'm not sure if you are interested in this movie. Harlin also directed Deep Blue Sea
It came out in 1999 and also stars Denzel Washington
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they have a better season. They did not win that game, but I think the Bears were having a good season this year. Do you like them?
Yes, the Steelers have won a lot of superbowls. I am a fan of the Carolina Panthers.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
I don't think so, but John Liman also produced Good Will Hunting. It's a great drama.
I don't have that information, but John Liman directed it. Do you like his music?
I don't have that information but if you like his music you might also enjoy Zulu. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he's a very good actor. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She stars in What to Expect When You're Expecting and Good Will Hunting.
Yes it was. It was also written by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do, it stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee and Judy Greer. Do you like these actors?
It's starring Gary Oldman. He also starred in Zombieland.
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire is starring Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
The movie was released in 1999.
Some other great fantasy movies are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. I can tell you more about the movie if you'd like.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City, in 2012. I am not sure if that is true.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and is considered a musical comedy.
That's amazing. I have never been to an actual live game before.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The version of the book was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
I could not find any other movies that made into a movie. Are you interested in any other movies?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel and was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
There's one that comes to mind, called Sword of Shannara. It's a great story.
She's written a bunch. She wrote The White Queen and The White Princess, to name a few.
I believe he is a football player, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays soccer, right?
Oh, I know a bit about the Alabama fan in the national team.
Definitely, I would say the Cowboys are doing more better this year.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote The Messenger which has genres drama and romance. He also wrote The Giver.
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical fiction and Children's literature. Do you like these genres?
Great i would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife written by John Steinbeck. It is a great read.
I don't know. but I do know that it is a children's literature. It is written by Anne Tyler.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like to know more about this?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Would you like the movie In Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, it does. It also stars Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
Certainly! She is also in Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
Sure, she was also in Thirteen with John Lennon.
Yes, she also starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits.
You're welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Wells.
It is a genre of science fiction
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller.
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Fredrik Backman?
2012 was a great movie. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a crime fiction action movie.
Okay, you could try Zombieland if you haven't already seen that.
Interstellar starred Robert Downey Jr and Charlie Hunnam. Do you like any of these actors?
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is a novel written by Suzanne Collins and released in 2012. It is a young adult fiction book
Two movies he directed are The Golden Compass and American Pie. Have you seen either one?
It also starred Mike White and Anastasia Krupnik.
She has also starred in Tinker Bell, Have you seen that movie?
Glad to be of help
The only thing I know about him is that he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't! I've never been to a game before. I haven't really watched a match.
It's always fun to watch. Who is your favorite player?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman?
The Last Stand has a genre of War, Crime Fiction, and Action Film. What genre are you looking for?
Logan is a superhero movie and a sci-fi film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a fantastic writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, Rian Johnson wrote Where the Wild Things Are. He wrote that one as well.
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, a drama film
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and Rosemary's Baby
The Godfather is starring Al Pacino, Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola.
The Godfather was released in 1998 and starred Al Pacino in several movies.
Sure, The Green Mile is starring Stephen King and he also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. You might like that one.
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of that. The Dead Zone is directed by Stephen King. It stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She wrote Bird in Hand :A Novel and A Piece of the World.
Yes, these are all the same.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi film.
He's been in quite a few films. I am not sure if he's seen it. I haven't seen The Pursuit of Happyness. I highly recommend it.
He's been in a lot of action movies. He has been in a lot of movies including The Pursuit of Happyness, I Robot and The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen these?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Hot Fuzz is also a comedy and adventure film. If you haven't seen Free Jimmy then you should check it out.
Yes, it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
I like him, he has a good voice. Did you know he is also a model?
I do, did you know he was influenced by Selena Gomez?
It was written in 1960 and was released in 1960.
Yes it was the Incredible Journey was written by Elizabeth George Speare
It was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and released in 2006. Is there anything else you would like to know?
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass, a musical theater movie. Have you seen it?
Grease is also in the genre of Thriller and was adapted into a movie of the same genre.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Hunter S. Thompson and stars Yul Vazquez. It's a Thriller
Yes, it was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep plays in this movie
Rosemary Wells, Vin Diesel
The Denver Broncos are 4th in their division right now. Do you follow them?
It was a great movie. It was released in 2017 and has a lot of fun to watch. Do you like them?
Cold Mountain is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I have watched this movie. Are you a fan of Renee Zellweger?
Cold Mountain is a great movie. If you are interested in anything else just ask.
J. K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in The Scout, Whiplash and Up in the Air.
He hasn't starred in any thriller films, but he did star in The Messenger which is a horror film. Have you seen it?
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. Have you seen it?
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Well, he's been in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Have you seen it?
Well he's more of a comedy star in the Rum Diary. Oh, if you're into dramas you should check out The Rum Diary.
Okay, if you haven't seen Dark Shadows!
The Fugitive stars Sela Ward and Sela Ward. It's a Thriller
Fugitive was released in 2005. It also stars Harrison Ford.
Yes, that is a good one.
Carrie Fisher was a good romantic comedy in that genre as well.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Glad to help. Enjoy your movie.
Yes, I do. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Are you a fan of speculative fiction or fantasy?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Karim Benzema plays for France National football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested in this film?
I'm not sure if he is in any other action movies, but he was also in Fast Five.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes it did and Jonathan Silverman also starred in Faizon Love along side Faizon Love
He also starred in a comedy called The Wildest Dream, have you seen it?
Yes that's correct and he was in The Sixth Sense which is a fantasy comedy. I highly recommend it!
Yes, he did. The Gazebo is a drama film directed by David Fincher
The Gazebo is a drama film also starring Peter Krause.
Sure. Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen that?
Sure, it stars Seth MacFarlane and it has genre Comedy and is directed by Peter Hyams
Sure, he also wrote Ocean's Eleven and Beautiful Creatures
Skyfall stars Thomas Lennon and Louis Leterrier.
Yes. He has also starred in The Good Doctor and The Day After Tomorrow.
Mark Wahlberg produced this film and it is an action film.
It is a fantasy film. I think you might like it.
Yes! Adventure is a good family film.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh ok. Under the Tuscan Sun. That's a good one. I liked her in that film.
Sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, David O. Russell starred in the animation called Three Kings. Are you a fan?
It is a fantasy, but also falls into the fantasy genre. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes Jamie Kennedy starred in the film
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I do. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
I am not sure, but I know he was influenced by William Shakespeare
That was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z. Do you like zombies books?
2013! That was a great book. It was written by Max Brooks.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
That's correct. I haven't seen it but you should watch it.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes I do! Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Fellowship of the Ring?
Yes, it was. He also wrote the Shawshank Redemption.
Mission: Impossible is a war movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Robert Duvall.
Happy to help
My pleasure.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a romantic actor. Do you like him?
Yes, I have. He starred in The Social Network and he produced Pretty Little Liars too.
I do and you should check it out. It was directed by Holden Scott.
Yes it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like Thunderball, you should check out The Hunger Games. It is starring Daniel Craig.
It's a drama, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
He is a soccer player for the Mexico National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't really follow soccer.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes. Onze minutos was released in 1899. It's a great book.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany national football team.
A little bit, they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Do you watch them play ?
I like to watch basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. What sports do you like to watch?
I love the Redskins, that team is a great team. Who is your favorite player?
The invention of wings is a book and film released in 1982. It is considered a book and a movie.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i answer for you today?
Yes, he's a very good actor. Did you know that John Cleese also starred in The Pink Panther?
He was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Sure. If you like Andy Garcia, you might also like The Other Guys.
You're welcome. Sending it now. Enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team in the AFC East division. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
I have not, but I have seen The Hobbit with Ned Beatty that's a great movie.
Yes, it was a great movie. Jerry Maguire was also in it, and it's a great comedy too.
I'm also into rom-coms.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy adventure film. Do you like fantasy?
You're very welcome.
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, you can check out The Julian chapter. It's a sci-fi adventure book.
Yes. Would you like to know more about this book?
Would you like to know about other books released in 2014?
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland with John Lennon. Have you seen that?
Sure, Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in Zombieland
She is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Are you familiar with that book?
She wrote The Lion King and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It is a romantic drama.
Yes. Lifetime was written in 1895.
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one and it is also a young adult genre.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Another similar book is Sense and Sensibility.
If you liked romance in the romance genre, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Are you interested in movies that star Robert Pattison or Thriller?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and was released in 2002.
Tower Heist stars Jean Rhys and J.K. Simmons.
You might like The Muppets if you like crime movies.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, there is a whole lot of Russian. Any other questions I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy.
Oh yes, it is a classic movie! It is regarded as one of the best Fantasy Drama films.
He starred in Troy, have you seen it?
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I like novels. Some examples are: The Secrets of a Fire King, The Lake of Dreams, and The Magician King. Do those sound interesting to you?
That's a good one!
It was written by Neal Stephenson. It's an excellent Sci-Fi novel.
Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery starred in What's Your Number. He also starred in The Nanny Diaries.
I don't have that information, but I can find it interesting to you.
Enjoy!
Sure. The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote The Great Gatsby and also he also wrote To Have and Have Not. You may like that.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
Sure! He is a tennis player from Switzerland. Did you know he competed in the Olympics?
Not really. I don't follow tennis much but i have watched a match from time to time.
Yes, He has competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and is a comedy. It's a coming of age story about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels during World War II.
I am not sure about that. I do know it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a romantic comedy. It also has a similar type of humor.
It is written by John Green. He also wrote The Last Olympian, and The House of Mirth.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series.
Yes he does, both of those films are very good.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
Yes. Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1998. It's starring Tom Cruise.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are so many great children's literature that you might enjoy and have you read The Golden Compass?
Glad to help!
I know that Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It is a war film. Do you like that genre?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Ben Stiller, Kelsey Grammer, and Morgan Freeman.
It's a fantasy film.
They are not my favorite National Football Team. Werent the Vikings coached by Mike Zimmer?
I hope they have a good chance. What is your favorite sport?
OMG, I love the Cowboys. He's my favorite player. who is yours?
I have not, but would like to. I wish to live more than a live game schedule.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
George Cosmatos wrote Fog City Mavericks and also wrote Forest Gump
I don't know any other movies he directed, but he did write Somewhere starring Kyla Pratt.
Yes, it is starring Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy
Yes, he is one of my favorite thrillers, do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have. Hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the Hobbit because it is a Fantasy?
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Lord of the Rings and Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
I haven't seen any of them, but if you like it, you should watch Mirror Mirror.
Robert Duvall starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales. Do you like his movies?
He was also in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen that yet?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, I have. The Lightning Thief is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help. Enjoy the book!
She starred in the movie Water for Elephants have you seen it?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is one of her books that she wrote. Have you read that one?
No I do not but I know that Natalie Portman starred in that movie.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger, who also starred in Sudden Death which is an action/adventure film.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released way back in 1940.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a Sci-Fi
He is a Writer
Yes, Lebron James is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for LA Galaxy.
Yes, he did. Doesn't he have a brother, I think?
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. The Fault in Our Stars in a young-adult fiction series. Do you like that genre?
Have you read the book?
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote Looking for Alaska
Enjoy!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto. He was also in Palo Alto
It stars Robert De Niro and it is a comedy/drama, have you seen it?
It was released in 2004 and stars Denzel Washington.
Enjoy!
The Kitchen God's Wife.This one made many best seller lists. She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction? Have you seen The Hundred Secret Senses?
Yes, that's correct! Have you read Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in Inside Job.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But if you like Billy Bob Thornton, he's a great actor.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed the movie Monsters Inc.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was a great comedy.
It's considered a historical period drama.
Your welcome.
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Jane Austen has written many books, including Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
Paint It Black was released in 2003 and is a romance .
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director and producer. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his work?
He starred in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. Have you seen that?
Seven Samurai starred Keira Knightley and Takashi Shimura.
I'm sorry I do not have a link for that.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is directed by Steve Kloves.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes, 1862 is a great play by them!
That's a good question, I don't know much about it. What other works do you like?
Okay, maybe I'll add that one to my list
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many movies including the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
you are welcome
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Have you read Where the Wild Things Are? I recommend that one.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1838.
That's right! I think he's made a play this year.
Enjoy the books!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No i don't
Not really, but I'll watch it most of the games here and there.
No, but I'll have to check out Notre Dame de Paris for sure.
I have not seen it but I know that it is written by Walter Hill.
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and Panic Room. Have you seen either of those?
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi movie. If you liked that one, you might also like The Titanic. Have you seen that one?
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he did and it also starred Ayn Rand.
The book was released in 1957 and it also has genre Speculative fiction
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy movie. Do you like the genre or the author more?
You can try When You Reach Me by Rebecca Wells, it is also Young-adult fiction.
You are very welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
Great. Glad I could help.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films?
Yes, he was in that too! He's a great actor, he's also in Knocked Up, The Handmaid's Tale and The Kids Are All Right.
Yes, he was in The Little Prince, Kung Fu Panda 2 and the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Great! I'll add Superbad to your list!
The author James Patterson wrote the book and it was released in 2001. Would you like more information about the book?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
I don't know any other fiction book, but if you like fiction you might enjoy Wuthering Heights. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan.
No. I'm not a big fan of the sport. But I do like to watch LeBron James play.
I enjoy football as well. My favorite team is the Lakers.
I know that he is born in Delhi and he plays cricket, do you like cricket?
Yes. He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy. Do you like this genre?
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion's Lady.
Enjoy!
The film directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie directed The Devil's Advocate.
both starred in this thriller. It's a psychological thriller and science fiction.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
The Hunger Games is a Young Adult film, similar to The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she also wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy, and Shaun of the Dead.
Your welcome. Enjoy !
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877.
No problem. I hope you enjoy the book.
I have not, but if you like them you should listen to any Maroon 5 songs. They're very good. I love their music. My favorite is Beloved.
Yes, he does. He played the guitar in the movie The Voice.
I think it was a comedy as well.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like the genre?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. She also wrote Bird in Hand :A Novel and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
Street Kings is starring Reg E. Cathey and Matthew McConaughey.
I believe it's a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes! There are so many great Adventure movies. You might like The Sandman: Worlds' End or The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Sure! She wrote City of Bones and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read either of those?
Oh yeah, he did. That's a great movie. Would you like to watch it?
Agreed! It also has a mystery as well.
Zodiac is considered a thriller and drama.
Sure, add them now.
He's a great actor! He starred in Zoolander. I loved that movie.
yes he does.
Not really, a lot of unfortunate games costed by the referees this year because of the new rules implemented. They are my team now.
Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie Ponyo and released in 1947.
Ponyo stars Keanu Reeves and Marc John Jefferies. It is a family adventure film.
It's a Romance film that was produced by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also directed Ponyo and released in 2005.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Interesting. Then you'll like The Last Olympian written by Matt Damon. I think you'll like it.
LOL! I'm sure you will love it!
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
Of course! Thanks!
I am a big fan of him, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he  played any other sports. I don't follow college football. Who is your favorite team?
It would be happy to help them. It has a good day.
Do you like comedies? Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great movie.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? Critics panned it but I highly recommend it.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in that movie. Are you a fan of them?
I am not sure about that. I do know that Elisabeth Shue is in the Thriller, which also stars Tom Hanks.
I will do that! Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in it. It was also produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
That was a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you should also check out You've Got Mail.
Ben Stiller starred in this movie and it also starred Cory Hardrict.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It is a warbreaker. Do you like warbreaker? You may also like The Pursuit of Happiness.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it
Of course! Do you like animated movies?
Of course! Other Disney films I recommend are; The Shaggy Dog, The Santa Clause 2 and Monsters, Inc.
I'm not sure. But if you like Molly Shannon, you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that?
The Ender's Game is part of a series. The next in the series is Speaker of the Dead. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a science fiction novel in the science fiction genre. I can recommend some other books in that genre if you like.
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series. It is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Have you seen that one?
He did star in Three Kings. He was also in Wonder Woman.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Kenny Baker. Have you seen that?
Anthony Daniels is a famous actor. He was also in the Star Wars film Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Secondhand Lions is similar.
No, I do not
you're Welcome
I love A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
Ok, if you like Mickey's Christmas Carol, you will love Love Actually. Have you seen that one?
The Black Cat is a fantasy novel. Would you like to watch it?
Yes. Then you might like The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Happy reading
The only thing I know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about it.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you enjoy it because it was a fantasy or a fantasy?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like to know more about The Lord of the Rings?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Perfect. I would like to see them play again. My favorite team is the Cowboys though.
Brad Pitt wrote Troy, which is a graphic novel. Does that interest you?
Troy is a good historical fiction film. One of my favorites is World Without End. You should check it out.
It is a great movie about the United 93. You should definitely check it out.
Certainly. Enjoy the film.
Yes I do! It is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you have a favorite sci-fi movie?
It's starring Charlize Theron and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like them?
Oh great! I'll add it to your watch list!
Yes. 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun. You should check it out.
I don't have that information but I know it was a comedy.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
Yes, it's a psychological thriller novel. Do you like those types of books?
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Great. I like Wildcats. Did you know that Kevin Spacey was in it?
He is great. I liked Couples Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great animated movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Science Fiction Action movie Spy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak. Enjoy the movie!
Enjoy!
I do. The Butterfly Effect is a drama and it was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber, released in 2004. I think you would enjoy it.
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I like thrillers also. Have you seen Shark Night? That stars Katharine McPhee.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree and Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Have you seen those?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
The Voyage Home starred Hugh Jackman, Vanessa Redgrave, and Hugh Jackman to name a few. Would you like to know more about The Voyage Home?
You're welcome.
ok
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Big Hit is starring Joel David Moore, who also starred in Chain Letter and The Pet Sematary.
No problem!
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team. I don't follow international football.
That's a good sport to watch. Do you know any other sports?
I don't know much about him either. I know he was born in Spain.
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
I know he played a point guard in Chicago. I don't follow sports much, do you like basketball?
Yup, he did.
Yes, it is starring Jeffrey Eugenides and Jora Fox and its a Thriller.
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen these movies. Are you a fan of either?
Calvin Harris is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Rita Ora is a dance pop composer. She has also composed Dance wiv Me and Cousin Rachel.
Absolutely. I hope you like it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of fantasy genre films?
Then you will probably like District 9 with Adam Brown in the series.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly. Glad to be of help.
OK.
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he's pretty good. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes, you are right, he's also a Lakers fan.
Harrison Ford and Ray Winstone starred in it. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Yes, you can see him in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back or Charles Oakley.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one
Your welcome
Crescendo is a fantasy book written by Joel Coen. Do you like fantasy books?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy the book
Sure, The maze Runner is a thriller and The Scorch Trials is next in the series. Do you like thrillers?
Young adult fictions isn't, but it also has a genre of Science Fiction.
Cool, enjoy!
Of course! Jake Gyllenhaal has starred in Drama and Thriller /Crime fiction movies like for example End of Watch.
Perhaps you would like The Ground Beneath Her Feet, it is a Crime Fiction, similar to Prince of Persia.
He is a great actor. You might also enjoy The Ground Beneath Her Feet or The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tracie Thoms and Emma Stone
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard, which is a comedy.
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance books?
Yes, he is Message in a Bottle was released in 2000. I am going to add both to my read list. Thank you
The Notebook was actually released in 1895. I know that it's a pretty good book.
Yes Nicholas Sparks Message in the BFG. The Notebook was made into Message in the BFG.
Yes, he was the author of the book. I would say Message in a Bottle was released in 2008.
You are welcome. They seem to be very good.
Yes. Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a book that was turned into a movie starring Vin Diesel.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in books by the same author, James Dashner or the genre romance?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible.
OK, he also wrote The Crucible, Incendiary, and All My Sons
Yes. The Crucible was also released in 1947. Have you read that one?
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are a Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They seem to have a lot of good players on the AFC West division. They're 3-8-0 and on a 7 loss streak.
Lolita wrote a book called The Eight & Matched. Would you like to know more about that?
It is written in English and released in 1962.
I do. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
you are welcome.
Yes, I have heard of him in the news. Did you know he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, I have. It's a great comedy about troubled youth.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, both are great books.
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language. Are you interested in a particular genre?
Of course! Other books in the genre of autobiography you might enjoy include The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Sure. It's a very good one. It was actually made into a movie starring Robert De Niro and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Both were written by John Tiffany
She wrote several books including The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure but I can tell you the original language is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't show the book in English.
Sorry, I don't show that information. Would you like to read it?
No problem. Glad to help.
Yes, Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team right? I don't follow soccer.
I like Basketball. Have you been to a real game?
No I haven't. Is that a comedy?
I'm not a big fan of comedies. I will have to check back to you.
No problem. Gordon Ramsey was a great executive producer.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, Anne-Marie Duff stars in that movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Enigma is an Action Thriller film that was released in 2002.
Added to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like that one, you should check out This Is Spinal Tap if you like that one.
Let's see he is a director. He also produced The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet.
They both Fiction.
You are welcome.
I agree, she is a good actress. I liked her in Ramona and Beezus
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like her acting, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. She was great in that movie.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in Men in Black 3 or because he is an actor?
They didn't win but i believe they did. The Boston Sox beat the Dodgers this year.
Baseball is my favorite team. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
It would be a good team, as well as the Red Sox. My team is a Red Sox fan.
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Im not sure. I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That's interesting. He had a relationship with Tiger Woods since he lost to Phil Mickelson.
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow and stars Katharine McPhee.
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Sure, The Heart Is Dead is written by Julie Garwood and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure thing!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No, they were born in New York City.
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of college football
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. You like him?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a fan of soccer. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about soccer. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English. I will check it out.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his books?
It is! Along Came a Spider is also a thriller. It's a suspense /Thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It's also a Thriller and was released in 2012.
No problem!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon. It is a Mystery/Crime Fiction movie. Do you like this genre?
I'd recommend The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a good one.
If you liked that one then you might also enjoy A Year Down Yonder. That was a good one.
Sure, he starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies
Great, he has starred in a lot of great thriller films, including State of the Union, and The Sensation of the Zodiac.
Sure, some of the actors in this film are Zombieland, Stephen King, and Matt Dillon.
No problem! Enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
The book is considered a Historical fiction and Children's literature.
It sure sounds like a classic! Would you like to know anything else about the book?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. I grew up watching the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, she was.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also the same.
If you like Romeo and Juliet, I think you should give Romeo and Juliet a try.
Nope. You're a fan of both Shakespeare and Shakespeare.
Sense and Sensibility is a book by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by that author?
Oh Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
He's great! He starred in Desperado! Are you a fan of him?
I believe she is a musician as well. Did you know she was also a musician?
Did you know he dated Anna Kournikova? I'm a fan of her music.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you fan of either of them?
James Franco and Tom Cruise starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in the Aviator. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok. Enjoy!
he wrote School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons.
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is starring in this movie. It's a romance film.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's a young adult fiction similar to The Historian
I don't know about a Historian. Can I suggest some other dramas you might like?
Absolutely, I'll send it right now
Yes. He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
no i don't like golf. what sport do you like to watch?
no i dont. what sports do you like?
i love gymnastics as well. what about you?
i have never been to a football game. what about you?
he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. do you like football?
I think they are a good team. The owner is Arthur Blank
the main star was Ray Wilkins.
My husband is a Patriots fan.
I do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Yes! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and in the English language (though it sure sounds like a good read.
Yes, the drama The Man in Havana was released in 1958. That was a great book!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee starred in Clerks. Clerks has genre Historical period drama. Do you like history movies?
Yes William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Their band is under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Records have you seen them?
Yeah, Gwyneth Paltrow is still with Gwyneth Paltrow.
Yes, Coldplay is still on Netflix. Have you ever seen it?
You're welcome. Happy to help.
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Yes, it is. Along with the NFL as well, it is a very popular one.
Oh, I haven't heard of any of them. I just know they're playing the Steelers tomorrow.
Oh wow, he's a very talented man.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
That movie stars Tony Kgoroge and Fana Mokoena.
That movie is an Indie film.
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2004. Do you want to know more about it?
Yes. Beatrix Potter is probably one of the best professions.
You're welcome. Do you need anything else?
Yes. It was written by Joseph Conrad. It is a Thriller
He has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
That movie is a romance film. I think you would like it.
It is a romantic comedy.
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice In Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote Batman Forever so if its Tim you like you do!
Lewis Carroll wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. what else can i do for you today?
Wonderful. Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Batman Begins and Man of Steel are similar to the Incredibles.
A couple of my favorite family friendly movies are The Incredibles and The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, Charlie Hunnam and Kristen Stewart starred in Ratatouille. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. He was a basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I don't know much about it, is it a basketball movie or basketball?
Not really, I'm a fan of the New England Patriots.
I like golf. Especially the Bears.
I'm not a big sports fan but if I'm watching the Rockets.
I do. I am a fan of Jared Leto. Are you familiar with that movie?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
Yeah, I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you have a favorite?
Oh, I'm not a fan of pop music, but I do know that she has a good voice. I think I'm going to check her out later.
I would have to agree with that. There are so many classics in that genre too, I like all of them!
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Leonardo DiCaprio. It was directed by Randy Pausch
Good Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
For thrillers, I can recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Joel David Moore.
Sure, Rum Diary Stars Johnny Depp, and she also starred in Deep Impact with Morgan Freeman
Glad to help!
Not really, I am not a big golf fan. All I know about him is that he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
That's awesome. Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't a golf fan before but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which sport do you like?
Serenity is starring Joss Whedon, Jeff Garlin and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome. Sending it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
It's a little scary. It's also a film Thriller and is also a Mystery.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is a actor that starred in movies like There's Something About Mary and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Be Kind Remind starred Ralph Fiennes and was a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like lloyd banks hes a great artist. have you watched any movies?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
I'm not a big fan of the Jackson. I do know he was in the movie Moonwalker, have you seen that?
Are you a fan of Thriller or Fantasy?
That's a good one!
He is a football player. He played on the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season?
I agree, he's a very good person.
Yes, Shrek is starring Mike Myers and Rupert Everett. Do you like animated movies?
Yes, do you like thrillers, or horror movies?
Zach Galifianakis is one of the stars in this film.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Would you like to hear more?
It was written by Lea Thompson and stars Joseph Conrad. It is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
It starred Dennis Quaid. He was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, she wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
I don't know but she's also a film producer.
Hush hush is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Certainly! It was directed by Nick Cassavetes.
He also wrote Cars with Charley: In Search of America
I don't know who starred in Monsters, Inc
you too
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is a drama released in 2003 with the same genre as Gore Verbinski.
Yes! Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Seth Rogen, he also starred in Step Brothers. Do you like action movies?
Ride Along has a genre of comedy and adventure. Do you like that genre?
That is a good one.
Zero Dark Thirty is actually a good blockbuster movie. Have you seen that one?
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
Good choice! The Tale of the Body Thief is a young adult fiction by James Patterson. You might also like the Harry Potter series.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Richard Condon. You'll really enjoy it!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
The book was released in 2009.
No problem. Glad to help.
She is a singer,songwriter and musician from Nashville. Are you a fan of hers?
Mansfield Park is considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like that genre?
Yes that would be a good one.
Definitely! Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was a comedy?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The genre is considered children's literature and Thriller. Another good one is Shark Night.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a romance film written by Louis Sachar. It also stars William Steig.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. I just love country music in general. Do you?
I believe he is fromsburg, have you ever been there?
He's with Warner Music Group and used to be in relationship with Chris Brown
Marlon Brando starred in Viva Zapata!, The Young Lions. What genre are you looking for?
Have you seen The Young Lions? It's a drama film.
I'd love to watch The Young Lions. Viva Zapata has some dramas, but I haven't seen it. I think it's a drama.
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a basketball fan
Yes, he did
Nice he did a great job for that team
Mervryn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that movie?
It was a great movie, that also starred Robert De Niro.
Yes she was, as well as the romantic comedy The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie.
Enjoy!
The only thing I know about the movie is that it was produced by Rhonda Byrne.
I can tell you that it is a comedy that was released in 2002. Would you like to watch it?
I know that he starred in The Breakfast Club and The Breakfast Club.
2002 was a great year for movies. Sending it to you.
no problem. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it. I think you would like it
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Well if you like comedy, you will love The Snoop Dog. It's a comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but if you want something else to check out The Time Traveler's Wife. This movie has the same genre.
i dont have that information but if you like blockbuster you will love The Chronicles of Narnia.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1980. Have you read it?
The Blue Castle was actually released in 1926. I have other recommendations for you.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in The Wrestler, The Ghost Writer and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of those?
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it stars Christopher Meloni.
Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke are all in it. It's a great comedy.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. It stars Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he did. It is starring Peter Jackson. He also starred in The Green Mile.
I would also recommend Zombieland.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote Love is Gone and the song Night of Your Life. Have you heard those songs?
Yes, I like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Tip of My Tongue is a good song. Do you know a lot of his music?
Definitely. He has a nice voice, don't you think?
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a crime Thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Great hope you enjoy it.
you are very welcome have a great day
It's a comedy starring Seth Rogen. Do you like comedies?
Funny people was released in 2009.
Thriller/Drama is that something you would be interested in?
You are welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player from Wales. I don't know about Paul Pogba.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups to the 2011 FA Cup Final. That was a big success.
I do not really know much about american football.
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a good player.
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. He wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Have you read it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance comedies?
I'm not sure if he did direct that, but he did direct The Hate Me.
Sure, she was a translator for Leo Tolstoy. She was also a musician and a model. Are you a fan?
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is very good at the moment.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. have you seen them?
It is a historical fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I know she sung Give Your Heart A Break and Why Don't You Love Me. Have you heard of those songs?
Yes, he did. Did you know that she also starred in Annie Hall?
Those are great shows. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Happy Gilmore.
Do you like it because it's written by Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It's a mystery and was written by Charlaine Harris.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and has a genre of Speculative fiction. Is that something you'd like to know?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Skyfall is listed as a Fantasy/Comedy.
Robert Duvall and James Coburn are in it
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football much, but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer.
I think their mascot is called Miles.
X-Men: the Super Bowl was runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin and it is a very good movie. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is also in that genre. You should check it out.
Yes and Tom Hollander also starred in Unfinished Business.
I do like that genre. Did you know Tom Everett starred in it?
I like more rock. I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
Yes and a lot of famous people like the Titans. I recommend that song.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I haven't read that one. But if you like Young-adult fiction you should check out Paper Towns.
You are welcome.
I know he is a Colombian professional basketball player, who is currently ranked world No 1 in singles rankings.
Olivia Wilde starred in Year One along with Jeff Bridges.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Absolutely, have a great day
Sure! He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Well, I'm not a huge football fan. I'm sure you will love it.
No problem!
I love it. Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's action?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
22 Jump Street was released in 2014. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome.
Are you talking about the Wizard of Oz because it is part of the Oz books?
She has a wonderful voice. She's a singer, song writer and actress. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer. She also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman.
Oh yeah she is. I think you are right as well.
Yes, it was released on June 1st. She was very good at it.
Great. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2004. It's a Fantasy/Comedy.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Would you like to see that one?
Yes, that is correct. He was also in the War Horse. Have you seen that one?
James Rodriguez is a football/soccer athlete from Chico, California. He plays as a point guard with the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan.
He plays midfielder and he is also a midfielder.
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Sure. You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Harold Ramis and Salma Hayek. Do you like them?
It is a romantic comedy. You should check it out. Thanks for all the information!
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I am not certain. I do know that it is starring Michael Crawlers.
The Great Yokai War starred Charlize Theron, Sophie Okonedo, and Frank Grillo. Would you like to know more?
Of course. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass are both fantasy films.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm a fan! I'm a fan. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard anything from her, but I heard it was a good one. I like dance music more. Do you like them?
Oh, I didn't know she starred in a movie called The Muppets. Did you see that?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood is a crime fiction. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Gustave Flaubert and Danny DeVito. It is also a romantic comedy.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a big cast. Breakfast at Tiffany's is written by Truman Capote.
Yes, he was born in Nashville and has won NBA Rookie of the Year Award. Are you a fan?
I know he produced the movie Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen that one?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
Good. Enjoy the movie!
He's an excellent actor. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
That's a good one. I'll add it to your list!
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth is a book he wrote. It's a book similar to The Ugly Truth.
Went Hollywood was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's from Chicago. I think he's a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like him?
I don't know if he's a basketball fan, but I guess he's a point guard as well. I don't really follow sports.
I'm sorry I don't know. I just know about it. What other sports do you like?
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like them?
Do you know if that's their home venue for the Mets?
I like the Red Sox. How about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester DC. Do you like soccer?
I agree! He's from Guadalajara, California.
Yeah, I like that movie too! It's been a long time since I watched it.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely watch it.
Sure, you might also like The Scorpion King or the Adventures of Huck Finn. They're both great movies.
It's a little similar, but I'm sure you will like it. I'm sure you will love it.
Welcome. Enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something with same genre?
I don't have any information on that, but I can give you some other Indie Film suggestions. Do you have a preference in genre?
Well, it's a very good one! I think you will enjoy The House at Pooh Corner now, if you need more recommendations.
I don't really like it, but I do know that it is a Thriller/Horror genre, it is written by Michael Herr.
You might enjoy "The Last Samurai" or "Zodiac."
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The Tempted is a young adult fiction. Another book you might like is Tempted.
It is. The first part of a series is Tempted. Anything else I can help you with?
You could try Undead and Unwed or Redeemed. They are all young adult fiction.
Enjoy your book!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books by him?
It is a romance novel.
If you like romance, you might also like The Land of the Unicorns which was also written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Patriots are a good team. The Patriots are a good team. Do you like them?
Not really, I think so. They're a good team. They're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots player.
It was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in Paycheck.
It's starring Peter Craig, Liam Neeson, and Emily Blunt.
No. Liam Neeson directed it.
Okay.
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a family movie or because it is an adventure movie?
many other good sci-fi movies include Transformers, Zombieland, X-Men: First Class and Titan A.E.
it was a great movie starring Jack Nicholson, Robert Downey Jr and Ethan Hawke.
he also directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen that movie?
He's a great singer, song writer and actor. Are you a fan of him?
No, I didn't know she was in that. What genres do you enjoy?
Yes, I do. I'm not a fan of Russel Brand. She was a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Did you know he also starred in The Pacifier?
Yes, that was a great movie. I also liked him in Finding Neverland. Have you seen that one?
I know it is a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Do you like comedies ?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that . However if you like romance films you might enjoy The Crucible if you like romance films
Not really. I think it is a comedy drama film starring Steve Carell
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Of course! Other movies in this genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Chronicles of Narnia.
The main lead in this film is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Liam Neeson
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Station Agent and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he's also a film producer. He starred in The Pledge which is a historical period drama.
No problem! Enjoy it!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You are welcome!
Yes he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. I think you'd like it. It's more of a fiction. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 1969. Definitely a good read.
Great! Enjoy your book!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J.Maas and released in 2012. If you like that one, you might like The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin and the Desert and Queen of Shadows.
Sure, there is The Assassin and the Desert which is also science fiction. Have you seen this movie?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty and The Lord of the Rings.
No, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty but he also wrote The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
Thanks for the recommendation. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
He is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
I don't know much about him either, but I think he plays soccer for the Colombia national football team.
Shakira is from Columbia, isn't she?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
Not really a whole lot. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I know they are a football team - like the 49ers.
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer. Do you?
I like football and baseball. What about you? What kind of sport do you like?
That's awesome. I liked him in the news, he's a good coach.
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by Covey or self-help books?
I don't have that information but it is a self help book. Are you interested in any other books by him?
That's the year also The Cuckoos Calling was released
Thank you for the recommendation
The one starring Leonardo DiCaprio? I like it. Have you seen it?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre. Do you like these type of movies?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
He was great in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies as well as The Rum Diary have you seen them?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
Great, he also directed A Christmas Carol starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen that one?
Great, I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a historical period drama.
Well if you want something totally random that just happened to be released the same year, check out The River Why.
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is quite the author. He wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is probably one of my favorites. You should check it out.
It's a young-adult fiction novel. Does that interest you?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Yes, and he also plays the Tambourine.
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yeah, you're right. Do you know if that's true?
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
He also directed Unstoppable. You might enjoy that one.
Sure, have you seen Transformers? It is starring Michael Bay.
It's starring Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
Glad to be of assistance
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times, it's a Action/Adventure movie. What is your favorite movie?
I didn't know it was a good thriller.
The The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale, and is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and it starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and the Sea of Monsters are similar.
thank you
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Argentina national team.
Yes, The Dallas Cowboys are a football team. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yes, The Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team. I love the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Water for Elephants which has a genre of Thriller.
Yes it is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you know if that was the other thing or not?
thank you. i hope you enjoy it.
I am not a huge basketball fan, I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball and football. What about yours?
I don't know much about them. I know that New York City is owned by Woody Johnson. I think a great team coached by Mike Woodson.
I see he wrote Candide.
I don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
You may like The House of Mirth or The Glass House. They are both musicals.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the author Ernest H. Shepard? He also wrote the book Winnie the Pooh.
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Have you read that one?
You're welcome and enjoy!
I don't know much about him except he's a soccer midfielder and forward. Do you like him?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool and plays for the National Football team.
That is where Goodson Park is. Do you know any other sports ?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I don't know. However, I know he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Football is my favorite sport. Especially football movies like Remember the Titans.
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
Some other young-adult fictions that you might enjoy are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Sure, you're welcome!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more about that genre?
John Travolta is starring in Resident Evil. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
It is a young adult fiction novel.
Not that I know of but that is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
Ok, I'll have to check it out.
No problem.
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They have a 6-5 record currently. Are you a fan of the Mets?
Yea, it's the current coach is Fred Wilpon. I don't know if he coaches the Mets.
The Tennessee Titans is a good team. Are you a fan?
Marcus Mariota is a quarterback but i don't know much about the team. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I don't a big basketball fan. Who is your favorite player?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
Yes, I do. She wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
C.S. Lewis wrote a lot of children's literature. She is also a film producer.
Oh that's a great movie. I have no idea, can I help you with anything else?
Yes he is! Do you like crime fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray: in 1891.
It's a Non-Believer was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Emma Thompson and Vivica A. Fox also star in it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are in that movie. It's a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, it is in the English language. I think you might like it.
No problem at all. Enjoy!
I know he's a golfer from Northern Ireland. I'm more of a golf fan. What about you?
Oh yes, Ireland is such a beautiful country. I'm not much of a Golf fan.
Yup, they're all from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Yes, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Kurt Russell. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like action movies?
Great, I'll have to check out The Island of Dr. Moreau!
Great, enjoy the movie!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Great, I think you might like The Manchurian Candidate then. It's also a thriller.
The Neon Demon stars in Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Certainly! You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I have not heard of her before. Is she a good singer?
Yes, and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
I like a lot of different types. I am not a big fan of the American Dream.
Those are the only two I have from her.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel.
Fiery Cross is a book that was made into a movie starring Angelina Jolie movie. Does that sound interesting to you?
Of course! Other novels she has written include A Room of One's Own and A Room of One's Own.
Any time! I hope you enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which it is a comedy. Do you enjoy comedy
Zach Galifianakis wrote Sense and Sensibility
Wonderful, have a good day
I can't think of any. I know he is in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes. That is a great movie by the same author. It was released in 1847.
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. You'll like it. Enjoy!
No problem, glad to help.
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe in 1513.
He wrote the book in Spanish. Would you like to read it?
Nice, i'm adding to his book in English
You're welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can do
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and is a comedy. Do you enjoy Walt Disney Films?
I don't know if she has written other movies she wrote, but the movie was directed by Jim Butcher. Would you like to hear more?
It is a romantic comedy
The BFG is a good family movie. Have you seen that?
You're welcome.
They are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Leslie Alexander. Would you like to know more?
bobsledding team he is the runner up
It is a thriller and was produced by Stanley Kubrick
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is very good
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008. It's considered a thriller and science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Zodiac is a crime fiction film, do you like that genre?
Fight Club is produced by David Fincher
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Oh nice. I'm a fan of the Cowboys too.
I'm not a big fan of the Texans. What do you think of them?
I was not a big fan of the Texans.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He also directed 1Q84 Books 1-2. Are you interested in Japanese literature?
I don't have that information but i can tell you he is also a Science Fiction writer
I'm not sure but it was released in 2005
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
you're welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Does that sound interesting to you?
Welcome. Happy to help.
Yes, I can! Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Predators had genre Sci-Fi as well as Thriller/ Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Avengers: Age of Ultron and X-Men: First Class
I don't have the information for suspense in suspense but i can give you more information about the movie!
Enjoy the movie!
I know it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. I do not know any others
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible The Godfather
Thank you.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! It is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes it is. Are you interested in any other movies he has starred in?
Yes. Sex, the City, is a young-adult fiction movie.
Yes, Bill Murray and Kristin Scott Thomas.
Yes, William Hurt starred in The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you seen that one?
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate and The House of Mirth are all crime genre films.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like these actors?
Yes, it is. It's a thriller and science fiction.
No problem
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
No, I'm not a huge football fan.
I don't really follow them. But I do know they are coached by John Fox
Who is your favorite player on the team?
I like the Patriots. What is your favorite team?
Yes, the book Outlander was written by Charles Dickens and is a science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
If you enjoy sci-fi, then you might also enjoy Outlander. Are you a fan of the fantasy genre?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is another great Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. It is fiction and was released in 1960.
That is a great book. The next book in the series is titled Go Set a Watchman. Would you like to read it?
Ok. Then you might like The Giving Tree. Have you read that one?
You are welcome.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Well, I know he's a great team and Manny Ramirez is the coach. Are you a fan?
I know he's a Tennis player, but I don't really know much about him.
Sure, One for the Money is a book by Kirsten Smith. Do you like Kirsten Dunst?
That would be Anne Hathaway wrote that and it was released in 1920.
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes she was, and there are some other writers for this series including Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome.
The Inside Out is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen. It is a family, animation, and adventure film.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph. She is a very talented actress.
It's a comedy-drama.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, enjoy!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also stars Jeff Garlin. Do you like drama?
Yes she did. She also starred in a television show called Everybody Loves Raymond Burr.
She's been in a variety of movies like There's Something About Mary, The Women of Brewster Place and a few more. Would you like to hear more?
Ron Howard starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy movies?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that.
Well, he directed A Beautiful Mind which was released in 2010.
Well, he also directed Vanishing Acts. Have you seen that one?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn. Are you interested in this actor ?
He also starred in Troy and Inglorious Bastards.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did. The Box is starring Seth Rogen. Do you like her movies?
The Box is a Thriller and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You may also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor if you haven't seen it.
Glad to help. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The next book in the series is The Assassin and the Desert.
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy and drama.
I'd recommend The Assassin and the Desert.
Would you like recommendations for other movies in the same genre?
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama film that was released in 2002. If you like that, I would also suggest The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
No, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. Would you like more recommendations?
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in Miss Congeniality?
It's a romantic comedy.
Enjoy
Are you referring to John Green's other works?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Would you like to hear more?
It's a mystery book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
That was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about it?
That one is a science fiction, science fiction, and fantasy.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life of Violets as well
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome !
Yes, Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the thriller Wag the Dog. Are you familiar with that movie?
Treasure Planet and Zambezia are both great family movies and they're also good.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right?
Definitely, I like them both. Did you know Venus has a sister named Serena?
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Shining. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Stephen McEwan, Stephen Baldwin and Stephen Dillane starred in it. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, it is a comedy. You might also enjoy The Crucible if you haven't seen it.
You might like the thriller The Mist or the Lawnmower Man. They're also great.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. Have you read that?
Yes, it's a series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. If you like children's literature you'll like The Golden Compass.
Sure, you'll like The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read those two yet.
Sure, I'll add them to your list. Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier.
It's a mystery book. Do you like those types of books?
No. Do you mean the movie starring Daphne du Maurier?
No problem. I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West division. Do you follow them?
Case Keenum was with the Denver Broncos, what about you?
James Harden is their coach. Is he a good team?
What sport do you like?
What is your favorite team?
Yes! He is a midfielder on the Spain national football team. Do you like this athlete?
I am not sure, but I know he is a Midfielder.
Yes, that is right. They are home stadium.
Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Dark Knight Rises which is a young adult fiction
It is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Great! Zoe's Tale is a great science fiction book.
Correct. It was written by Robert O'Brien. I think you will enjoy it.
I do. I like his song One Time. Do you know that one?
One of my favorites is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't. Who is your favorite singer?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a satire and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
Sure, it's about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
Great, enjoy!
Great, I am happy to help. Enjoy the book!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. Another action movie is A Very Long Engagement.
Zodiac stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. I think you would enjoy it.
Welcome
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I haven't read that one so I don't know what else he's written. Would you like to know?
I haven't read them all that it's a good read. Sorry for your son's time.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a young adult fiction written by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility a romance novel. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1817. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
I would recommend Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both are good mystery movies.
The Red Violin was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Anthony Heald. It is also a mystery and was released in 1997.
Certainly. I hope you enjoy the movie.
