Sure. Do you like action films?
Well, it was a great movie, based on the genre of the movie, written by Rick Riordan
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a thriller, so is The Hitman's Bodyguard.
That is correct! The Hitman's Bodyguard was released in 1999 and stars Nathan Lane, Jason Stoll, and Liam Neeson.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
I know that she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2011
youre welcome
There's Something About Mary was written by Bobby Farrelly and stars Paul Harrington. It's an excellent comedy.
She's been in a lot of great films including The Black Dahlia, Sarah Silverman, Angelina Jolie, and There's Something About Mary.
No. I don't have that information. However I do know that Charlie Hunnam is also in that movie.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye.
yes she did and that was released in 2012 the same year The Moon and More was released.
no problem, I am always happy to help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
It's a Crime Fiction genre. Do you like Crime Fiction?
It stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedy/crime/comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national cricket team.
I don't know any players on the team, I don't know a whole lot about cricket, I don't follow the sport. However, I do know a bit about it.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin was written by Jennifer Crusie and Andrew Stanton.
Absolutely, anything else I can help with?
Absolutely!
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I don't know much more about him.
No, I don't know him. What sports do you like?
I'm a huge fan of Basketball. What sports do you like?
Oh wow. He's a very good player. He's also a model.
I'm more of an American Football fan myself.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy produced by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he was also in Shaun of the Dead which is a science fiction film
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jombard
He also starred in X-Men: First Class, Wrath of the Titans, and Waiting Room. Have you seen any of those?
You're very welcome!
The Game is a great movie! It stars Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
Yes! The Pledge is a highly reccomended movie starring Sean Penn.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Certainly!
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Do you like him?
It was written by E.B. White and is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Denzel Washington starred in this movie. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Here you go. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a horror film, most of his films are Action and Crime Fiction.
You're welcome
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy.
William Directed The Hunted, The Return of the King, The Hunted, and The Exonerated.
He also directed The French Connection, which is a romance film.
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other classics?
Then you might like Tender is the Night. That's a classic!
The Surgeon was written byurgeon Surgeon. Are you a fan of his?
Do you like the clockwork princess, or do you want more recommendations?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Of course! Hope you enjoy the book!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven has a genre of Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Morgan Freeman starred in The World's End and The Time Machine by the Association of Sci-Fi.
I haven't seen them yet, but I've heard it's a very good movie and I think it's a Thriller like The Maze Runner.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction and Science Fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I do not know much about Madonna's music but I know she starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High
I don't know much about her newer music, but I do know that Madonna was also a singer, songwriter, and television personality.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Shackleton which is an animated film.
I know a little bit about him, he plays cricket for the India National Cricket team and was born in Nagpur.
Yes and he was a Cricket player for Chennai Super Kings. Do you like Cricket?
You are welcome
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Exonerated?
Poehler : Part of series: Upright Citizens Brigade. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Planner. what else can i do for you today?
Are you talking about the Arsenal sports team?
I don't know much about the Dodgers then Magic Johnson. What sports do you like?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It is a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men: First Class which is also a comedy.
Yes it was released in 2014.
You're welcome
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 stars Olivier Rabourdin, Liam Neeson and he also starred in Taken 3. Have you seen it?
Correct, it stars Taken 3 and Olivier Megaton. Liam Neeson is in Taken 3.
Enjoy!
I'm not really a Packers fan so I only know they're having a good season.
I am not sure. I do know that their coach John McCarthy has been doing well this year.
I agree, Aaron Rodgers was a great player too!
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote X-Men 2 and Iron Man 2.
He is an actor who starred in The Nutty Professor. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Three Musketeers, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Well if you like that one, you should check out The Perfect Score. It's an excellent movie.
You're welcome
Are you interested in more books by Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music is written by David Koepp. It's a part of a series.
A Walk to Remember is a good one. It's a part of a series.
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome
I love him! He's a great singer-songwriter. Did you know he's also a musician?
I haven't heard much music in the dance pop music. Do you like Nicki Minaj?
Have you heard of Red River Blue?
Of course! Something Borrowed has written a lot of romance novels. Would you like to hear about more romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the same year that Bird Box was released.
I like thrillers also. Shark Night is a thriller that you might like.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Judd Apatow and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes he did and he was in a comedy too.
I don't think so, he wrote Year One, which is a comedy/drama.
Sure, Groundhog Day is a horror film starring Bill Murray, and Michelle Pfeiffer
I don't know, but he wrote Year One as well
You're welcome.
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
The Disco is a Music Drama
The Disco has genre Young-adult fiction
I haven't heard of him a lot
There's Something About Mary is a great book written by Bobby Farrelly. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen this movie but did he also wrote Stuck on You?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Mattie Garson.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both are considered children's literature that was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Great, have a nice day.
Sure! Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. Other similar books are The Carrot Seed and Carry On, Mr. Bowditch.
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, she is one of my favorite books.
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1953
It is a drama
Your welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it is a thriller or because it is a romance movie?
Have you seen the Smurfs?
I'm not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance, but I do know it was released in 2013
I'm sorry, I don't have any information for that.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one from her.
The film he produce is The Ice Storm, The Huntsman, and The Ice Storm. He was also a screenwriter.
Of course! Woody Allen wrote a number of classics including The Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, and The Winter Soldier.
I don't know much about Zsa Gabor, but I think she's a great actress. She's also a producer, screenwriter, and a writer.
It is a Thriller/Romance novel. Do you like those types of books?
That's a great movie! It was written by Brett Helgeland.
Jurassic Park is a Sci-Fi starring Todd Allen. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes! Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
I know he's a professional golfer from Murrieta. I don't follow golf too closely
I don't follow golf closely, but I know he is from Honolulu.
Haha, I'm not familiar with that movie. What is it about golf?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
Yes, My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller, written by Kevin Spacey, and stars Harrison Ford.
Oh yes! He also starred in Tuck Everlasting as well.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a classic! Its a sci-fi/adventure movie that was released in 1997.
Then you might like Zombieland, which is also a sci-fi film.
I think you'll enjoy all the X-Men movies.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
I do not have any information on Surviving Picasso's nationality. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
The genre of The Little Prince is Mystery/Fantasy
Sure. Have a great day.
He is a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I couldn't forget it. It's a comedy for kids.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you enjoy Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard with a Vengeance. It stars Bill Murray and Eddie Redmayne.
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with a Vengeance with a Vengeance with a Vengeance with a Vengeance with Jeremy Renner
I have a chance to watch A Good Day to Die Hard as well I think you will enjoy it.
Alien is a Superhero thriller and was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you familiar with his work?
Then you'll like Without a Paddle is an excellent sci-fi movie. It was released in 2009 and stars Matt Damon, Scott Bakula and Brad Pitt.
Bats was released in 2014, it's considered a vampire film.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
If you like sci-fi, you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She sure did, and he also starred in The Truman Show which is a great sci-fi movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men was written by Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about this?
He is a great writer! He wrote a few great movies like The Assassin and the Underworld: Evolution.
Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room. Do you like his work?
The End is a fantasy novel that was released in 2015
He is a singer, a musician, poet, singer, songwriter and television personality
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, and he is also a musician.
I have not seen it but I will definitely check it out. Thanks for the info!
I'll have to send you a link for you.
Yes I do, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama that also stars Tom Hardy and Julie Kavner. Do you like them?
I don't know who starred in Windtalkers, but I think you will love it. It's a good film for sure.
I hope you like it.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his team.
No I don't play football, what sports do you like?
That's the only book I know by the same name by Lionel Messi. I'm sure there's a lot of good players.
Harry Potter and the cursed child huppert was written by J.K. Rowling. And The cursed child huppert was released in 1988
They have also written a book called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I don't know much about them other than they were the AFC West team. Are they your favorite team?
I'm not sure what color the team colors. Isn't Gray?
I did not know that! Isn't Warpaint in Philadelphia? I've heard they're in the AFC West.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom of the Opera. What genre are you interested in?
Yes it was released 2008 the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
Yes it was a great Speculative Fiction .
Yes, he is one of my favorite singers. I like his music a lot. Do you like him?
Have you heard The BFG? It's an independent film.
I don't know of any others, I know he's a very good person. But I think he's a great singer.
You're welcome
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He currently plays as a point guard for the Chicago Bears
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. Their team is the NBA All Rookie Team if you are interested in the NBA.
That was the 2018 NBA Finals. Who was the winner?
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание and диот?
Yes, he is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
Glad I could help.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz? It's part of the Oz books.
I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I hope you enjoy it!
He was born in Dormund. He plays as a midfielder.
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know he is a German athlete who plays midfielder and forward.
That is correct. Yuvraj Singh also played for the Mumbai Indians.
It's a good movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That book was written by Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in that genre?
Why sure, A Corn of Thorns was written by Sarah J. Maas and has also written Into the Wild as well. Have you read that one?
I would also recommend The Assassin and the Underworld, which was also released in 2014
You're welcome
He directed The Terminator and The Abyss. Have you seen those?
That's correct. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Terminator and The Apocalypse. Did you see those?
It actually had Leonardo DiCaprio in the award-winning Titanic
My pleasure.
Yes, I love Madame Bovary. It was written by Gustave Flaubert.
Then you'll like Without Fail by the same author. Have you read this one?
Yes, it is considered a romance and a historical period drama.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus better than Venus Williams. Do you have a favorite sport in tennis?
I like them both. I wonder if they were all in the Olympics.
That's interesting, I haven't seen so much in history though.
She is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
That's right. Do you know a lot about Hawaii? He's won a award for Best Golfer of the Year.
That's amazing. Did you know he's from Hawaii?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Would you like more suggestions of this genre?
Reflected in You is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, some other novels by Sylvia Day are Inheritance and Resurrection
Sure! Margaret Atwood has written many good books. Two of my favorites are The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
The Handmaid Tale is a triller. Do you like speculative fiction?
You're welcome.
You're very welcome. Have a nice day.
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
He is a Colombian who also starred in "The Murders of the Lost Ark" which is a thriller I believe.
Sorry, I don't have the info of "The Cuckoo's Calling" series.
Of course! A few books similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel are; The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp.
Yes 2014 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 2016. It's considered young adult fiction.
The most popular fantasy novels by George R.R. Martin are The Shadows of Summer, that is part of a series. The Shadow Rising is another fantasy series. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
It was released in 2012. This book is in the genre of young adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
Machine Gun Gun is a psychological thriller and was released in 2010.
Mark Margolis stars in Neverland. Would you like a recommendation for similar movies?
It was released in 2009
Sure can.
your welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a speculative fiction novel by Charles Dickens.
Your welcome
The Waves is a great book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Have you seen White House Down? It is a good historical drama.
Emily Bront is the author of Wuthering Heights.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next in the series is Gathering Blue
Cool, you may like The Lightning Thief or The Lightning Thief.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it was a thriller?
I'm not sure about that, can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome
That was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2.
There is one Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is also a fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
Certainly! Mindy is a writer. She wrote The Office of the Lighthouse and The Social Network. Have you read either of those yet?
It was released in 2012 and is an Action/Adventure Film.
I believe it is crime fiction
You are welcome
Aylmer wrote оскресение and оскресение. Have you read them?
Anna Karenina wrote аренина, and аренина. Would you like more recommendations?
You're welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Colony. Have you seen either of those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
I am not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
I don't know a whole lot, he's a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
I know a few facts about him including the Declaration of Love that he plays for the DC United States.
Yes, he is a top player on the team.
Yes he wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was, along with a lot of other great actors, such as a pianist, author, and film critic.
I heard he was in a good movie called The Talented Mr. Ripley
You're welcome
Yes. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Another book you might enjoy is Kisscut. Have you read that?
Yes she starred in that movie as well. Do you like dramas?
I'll add it now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction.
Of course. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's an excellent movie. I'm not sure if Johnny Depp starred in it, but I think he's a good actor.
The Rum Diary is a comedy-drama, if you haven't seen The Rum Diary. The genre of the movie is Fiction/Fantasy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Well, I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for that discussion.
Is that the team David Beckham used to play for?
Manchester City Chiefs are listed for his current team.
Your welcome!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I read all the books by Lauren Oliver, including Endless Nights and The Watcher
It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Ellen Burstyn wrote the Simpsons movie. David Silverman also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, he writes a lot of thrillers. Are you interested in watching the TV series?
You too!
Not really, I am a fan. He is a cricket player and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan.
He is an author and plays cricket for the Delhi Daredevils.
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
I highly recommend The Good Doctor and Zulu. Both great fantasy genre movies!
Great, enjoy!
The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you heard of he Scorch Trials.
It was written by James Dashner
I've read The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner series. Do you like young adult fiction books?
She wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Nanny Diaries. Have you read them?
I am not sure, but she was an English writer and poet who wrote the Nanny Diaries. She wrote the Children's Literature which is a great book.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I'm not sure he starred in that TV show, but I can recommend some TV shows for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, he starred in a TV episode called Lord of the Rings.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Have you seen Grindhouse? He directed it. He also directed Pulp Fiction and Inglorious Bastards.
It was released in 2013 and starred Michael McKean
It is a good one. Enjoy the movie!
I think she's a great singer and I like the song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
I would recommend Escape from New York and The Pelican Brief. Both are very popular.
Emma Watson was also in that movie. It's a horror movie that I really liked.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Great, I also like thrillers, do you know of any other thrillers starring Orlando Bloom?
Yes, that is a great movie. It is a a romantic comedy.
I agree. I'm not really a fan of her sport. Did you know she was in the Olympics?
I don't know much about Serena but Serena is very popular as her sister Serena.
Oh, I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
I don't know much other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't have that information, are there any other teams you'd like to know?
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
If you enjoy the work of John Hughes, I would recommend Sixteen Candles and The Breakfast Club. Both are great books by the same author.
Home Alone is a comedy and the sequel Home Alone is The Son of No One. Have you heard of it?
I think it was released in 2003
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I didn't know he wrote music too. But he's a great singer. Do you know he's from alot of movies?
Isn't he married to Jordin Sparks?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist
My pleasure.
Do you like it because it's a Fantasy?
Yes, it is.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a British author.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in Radivoje Bukvic and the Bollywood film Radivoje Bukvic.
Our Kind of Traitor has a genre of Drama and Action.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
It is a drama, similar to The Secret Garden.
You're welcome
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Treasure Hunt is a good one. what else can i do for you?
The Last Temptations of Sherlock Holmes is one that comes under the same genre.
Rohit sharma is an athlete. Are you a cricket fan?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes he does. He also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
That is all I know about Rohit Sharma.
If you liked that one, you might enjoy The Doors of Perception
The first one published in 1891. It's a classic.
Yes, he did. It is a great book. I would recommend Brave New World Revisited if you liked that.
The author is Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the book The Art of Racing. Have you read that one?
Christopher Hampton wrote The Throne of Fire and The Mummy Returns. Have you read either of those?
The genre thriller and suspense. Do you like thrillers?
Without Remorse is a thriller, thriller and suspense genres. Are you into thrillers?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Its a thriller
Matt Damon starred in this movie
Of course! Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because of the genre Fantasy?
Did you like the Help because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it was starring Tate Taylor?
Yes. Did you know that The Women of Brewster Place starring Gerard Butler? It's a great romance film.
Yes! He was also in The Train. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets! Have you seen either of those?
That's right. I haven't seen it yet, have you seen it yet? I'll have to check it out.
The Client is written by John Grisham and was released in 2003.
It is a drama, do you like drama?
The Client was written by John Grisham, have you heard of him?
You're welcome
He is a football player right?
I don't have that information
I enjoy basketball and football
Who is your favorite player?
How about the Packer National Football League?
I don't follow soccer that much, I believe they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I haven't heard of Soccer, isn't he a good player
I'm not sure about that, isn't it with Football?
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife that was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
I believe that is a mystery novel.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Have you read Pride and Prejudice with Zombies?
I do not have that information but if you like the genre?
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Well it was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy.
Yes, that is correct. Did you know she also starred in the movie Call Me Maybe?
I did, that's right, I'm not sure it was that one?
Oh, yea, I love that one! I also like the song Call Me Maybe, it was a classic!
Sure, do you like adventure movies or just his action?
The Others starred Alejandro Amenábar, Dr. Seuss, and Alejandro Amenábar.
Happy to help
Did you know that Mark Overstall wrote Madame Bovary
It's a a classic written by Alyson Noel.
Perhaps you would like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. It is a good read.
He also wrote The Return of the King in 1856, which is a classic.
That's a great one. He was also a screenwriter and a cartoonist.
It's a romance novel.
If you like that genre, I would recommend The Return of the King. It's a classic!
I hope you enjoy them!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Do you want to hear more titles?
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes it's a very new book. It was released in 1931 and is also a Fiction book.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Running Man and The Subtle Knife. Have you read those?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Scalzi
That one was released in 1998.
You're welcome.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason
Sure, he also wrote Xenocide and The Bluest Eye. Have you read either of these?
I am not sure if Jane Eyre Affair is accurate.
You're welcome
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by the same author?
I don't have other books written by Paulo Coelho, but he was influenced by George Orwell.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a novel, an autobiography.
He was an English author born in San Francisco, the same place as The Martian Chronicles.
I believe he is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I am a fan of hockey. Do you like hockey?
I agree, Lakers would probably be a great team since the Lakers moved to LA.
O Alquimista was written by Paul R. Clare and released in 1988. In English, it is called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of this one?
I'm sure that you enjoy the book.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she is a great writer.
I'm sure you'll enjoy them
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a suspense novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin series. Have you read any of those?
The Assassin series by Sarah J. Maas is the next book in the series. The Assassin series by Sarah J. Maas is a sequel to The Assassin series.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes I do! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a thriller and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a classic written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like more titles by this author or genre?
I heard White Oleander is a good one, have you seen it?
You are welcome have a great day
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. Are you a fan of Evan Goldberg?
I believe it is both a psychological thriller and a comedy genre.
I'm not sure, but I know it was produced by Alden Ehrenreich and Evan Goldberg.
Do you like this movie because it is a war movie or because it is a war movie?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons, which is a Historical Novel.
It's a young adult fiction that was released in 2014.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I love them, I am actually not a fan of the Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie The Cowboys, which is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
I think he's a reality show as well. Do you know if he was in that one?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls so they might be similar
It was directed by Steve Carell and produced by Almighty. He also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
I do not have that information at the moment but i can tell you that he is a writer and film critic as well.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like science fiction movies?
It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The People's Wife.
Magnolia is a drama and action film.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote the movie Reservoir Dogs.
You are welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls. Have you read that one?
Yes. He was in The Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it yet?
The Help and Get on Up is a popular film starring Cicely Tyson.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan directed the movies
Star Wars was directed by Kenny Baker. Would you like to see other movies he's written?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Are you a fan of either of these actors?
Yes, it is a Drama. Star Wars was also the star of that movie.
Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
It's an adventure story about Paris Wife. Do you like that genre?
It's not new, it was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like children's films?
If you like Red Dawn, i think you will really enjoy Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol starring Lea Thompson.
OK, I'll add those to your list.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall.
Yes, he starred in that movie, along with The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now
Yes, he did and that was directed by Francis Ford Coppola
He wrote Vera Zvonareva. Have you read that one?
He also wrote the Romance novel What Happened to Good People. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2004. You should check it out. It's a romance novel if you like romance novels.
Of course! I think you'll enjoy the book!
He is an athlete and plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. However, kristin Cashore wrote a book called Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue.
I don't know if he wrote that one but I know that it was released in 1922.
My apologies. There is also a movie called Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH.
The author is Joss Whedon, and the genre is Children's Literature.
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you follow him?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I've never been to a football movie before. What sport do you like?
Yeah, that's what kind of fun to watch.
The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology.
The Lost Hero is a Romantic Drama
Yes,The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Monsters University Movie
I actually don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is written by Dan Scanlon and also stars Tyler Labine. It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie that was released in 2013
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Inkhheart and The Pillars of the Earth. Would you like to know more?
I believe it is a romantic drama.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book written by Machiavelli.
Yes, he starred in Desperado. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is a great rapper, one of my favorite artists of his.
I haven't heard of his music , I think I've heard it's a good one
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Utterly Cold Blooded. Have you read either of these?
No problem, I am always happy to help.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book about the life of Henrietta Lacks.
Walk the Line is a science fiction novel written by Nora Ephron written by David S. Anderson. It was released in 2010
Sure, that was written by Ted Tally and also starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
She's a great singer. I love her song Call Me Maybe. Do you like her?
I don't like her music as much as Taylor Swift, but I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
I don't like his music. I do like Pop music.
Of course! She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Devil Wears Prada.
White Squall is a Thriller and another starred Seth MacFarlane. Do you like Thrillers?
Are you looking for Drama/Fantasy?
Yes, that is correct. I do know that The Secret Life of Bees was written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1996.
Glad to help
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of these?
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1987. It's considered a classic written in English.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was a prolific writer who wrote a whole series of poems.
I hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & me also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Do you like Drama movies?
Scream is a horror movie. Do you like Horror films?
Of course, you might also enjoy Wreck-It-Ralph. Have you seen that one?
It's a romantic comedy starring Johnny Depp. Would you like to see it?
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The House of Mirth. Have you heard of either of those?
Yes, he was. Randy Couture is the Expendables. Do you like him?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also directed Rocky IV.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read the next book in the series?
These books are fiction and Fantasy genres. Do you like these genres?
That's a great one to check out. It's the next in the series and is The Iron Trial. Have you read them?
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Royal Kill stars Some of the actors in the movie are Tye Sherrill and Zoe Saldana, Rhett Reese Witherspoon
I don't know much about her other than he a Table Tennis player. Do you follow him?
I didn't know that! That's the year he was in the 2012 Olympics, and was a table tennis player too.
I don't even know a little about him other than being a table tennis player.
How can I help you with?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know who else stars in it but Matt Damon was also in the film.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls, which was produced by Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Skulls, however I can tell you that it was written by John Pogue, who also directed The Death and Life of Pi.
You're welcome.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
It is soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete.
I'm not sure, but I believe he was born in Sao Paulo
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also produced it. Great movie!
It is starring Tim Blake Nelson, Tim Blake Nelson, and Danny DeVito
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen either of those?
The Tourist is a drama starring Ulrich Thomsen and Sebastian Koch.
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it is starring Lin Shaye.
That's a great movie. It was released in 2003.
I am not sure who wrote it but I know it was released in 2010
I hope you enjoy it!
I think they are the best teams in the NBA. Who's your favorite player on them?
How do you feel about shooting guards?
Oh I didn't know that! He's a great basketball player, right?
Jane Eyre is a great author. Two of my favorite books by her are The Professor. Have you read this one?
Yes he has. One of his most famous works is The Fountain of Paradise. Have you read it?
I also recommend the book Xenocide
I don't know much about him other than he was an athlete. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching college baseball and football. How about you?
No I didn't know that. Is he a Canadian?
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
I do. It was written by James Frey. Do you like him?
The authoi is a classic written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. He directed The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and My Best Friend's Story.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. 1600 was released the Winter's Tale
I am not sure about that but I do know he wrote the Tragical Historie of Hamlet
Of course. Anything else I can help you with?
i do not know much about him either. He plays for the Germany national football team
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really, I am more of a soccer fan. I don't really follow soccer. What sports do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do! Call Me Maybe really throws me back. Are you familiar with her?
No I did not.
Yes, she is. I believe she is also a musician as well.
Sure! Do you like Jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he starred in this movie as well, it is a drama/mystery.
My pleasure, hope you enjoy the movie!
Sure! She starred in the movie Amelie. Do you like French movies?
It was written by Frances Conroy and Louis Sachar.
Amelie is a romance film.
Sure. Robert Cohen starred in Zookeeper and The Ice Harvest. Have you seen either of those?
It is a drama and crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not seen the skulls but I know it was written by Robert Cohen
I am not sure but I can also recommend Robert De Niro which is also an excellent thriller as well.
I'm not sure what else i can help with, but I can tell you it is a genre of romance
You're welcome
I don't know much except that they're a NFC south team
I do, actually! I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan and I love the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
I love football. I watch the 49ers from time to time. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I can't seem to find that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for letting me know.
Yes, I do. American Football is the best team of our time.
Yes they did, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl II.
No, I'm more of a Patriots fan myself. What do you think of the Patriots?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Of course! Other books in the same genre include Water for Elephants and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that type of movies?
Garfield is in the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which also has a genre of Comedy!
I don't know much either. I think they are in the NBA and owned by Bud Adams.
Not really, I like basketball. My favorite team is the Redskins
I like tennis better than the Cowboys. How about you?
Isn't that a sci-fi movie? Are you a fan of his?
She was the executive producer for the movie Friends with Benefits. She was also in the movie The Book of Eli which is a fantasy movie.
Ted starred Seth Macfadyen, Teri Garr, and Julie Andrews.
Enjoy!
Sure! Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct, it is a crime fiction film that was released in 1969.
I don't remember that, I don't have that information.
Yes I do, it is a very good movie starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
Yes he was. Good Doctor also starred Scarlett Johansson.
I think I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller as well.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi or because it is a thriller?
Sure, he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men: First Class.
Waiting also starred Hugh Jackman, Angelina Jolie, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken to name a few
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou, and True Grit are some movies he's starred in. What genre do you prefer?
He was in The People Speak, The Truth About Love, and The People Speak. Have you seen any of these?
He's a great actor. He was in some great action like The People Speak, The Walking Dead, and The People Speak.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and was released in 1994.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie you may like like.
Confused was released in 2014 the same year the starringstarring Tom Hanks was released.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
In the Drama genre, it was released in the same year that The Hunger Games was released.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
I think you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's very good, but it's also Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
They are a sports team right?
They are ok. They're a good team though.
Are you a fan of the Patriots?
I can! Evan Goldberg directed This Is The End.
It starred James Franco, Seth Rogen, James Franco, and James Franco. It is a really good movie.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in it. He also starred in Pineapple Express.
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
Definitely! The Vow also stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling and James Franco to name a few.
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller that was written by Thomas Harris, and is a Speculative Fiction
I believe he also starred in wrath of the Titans
Enjoy the movie!
Horror Films similar to Wuthering Heights which is also a thriller.
The Lion king
If you enjoy the Thriller, I would recommend The Human Stain or The Rose Society. Both are great movies.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith, would you like to watch it?
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and The Pursuit of Happiness
I am not sure of the genre of that movie but I can tell you it is a Thriller and Science Fiction.
Sure, here it is.
Yes he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Fabrio Capello, but i know Fabrio Capello was a great player as well.
I'm a big fan of Brazile football. What about you?
That's a great example of the genre of Christmas movies. Have you seen this one?
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
They are also from South Korea and called The Boys Next Door. Are you familiar with either?
I'm not sure, but I would love to visit it next year. Have you been there?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and several others. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure but I can tell you Wild Bill also starred Jason Flemyng.
I'm always here to help
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has a genre autobiography and was released in 1958.
I'm always happy to help.
Have you seen the movie X-Men 2?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. You should check it out. It's a good movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I know a little bit about him. He's a soccer player from Barcelona. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know, but I know he was a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona
I don't know a whole lot about his films, but I do know that he is also a musician and a musician.
John Travolta was also in that movie, have you seen it?
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
That movie is a science fiction action film.
I would suggest The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are good dramas.
Yes! Steven D. Levitt is a screenwriter and author. He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes that is correct. Steven D. Levitt is best known for directing Freakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
I have not read any of his books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great choice. Steven D. Levitt is a best known Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds.
Yes that is correct. The World's End is considered science fiction.
Yes he was, I really liked him in that film.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal player. Do you like their music?
It has genres thriller, horror, and horror
I like the most recent one is The Reptile Room
She wrote dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is an Adventure starring Laini Taylor. The genre is Fantasy.
I am not sure of that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
I haven't really followed him but I heard he's a good player
I didn't know that! That's the year that he left the Red Sox were runners up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
No I haven't seen him but I heard he is one of the best basketball players of all time.
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof. Have you seen them?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and produced by Max Brooks.
Grindhouse was released in 2013, which is a thriller. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sure Big Fish was written by John August, and starring Will Smith. What else can I do for you today?
He's a popular actor in the U.S.A.A.A.L.E.
Yes, a great romantic movie is Beautiful Creatures that Kenny Smith is in the romance genre.
You are welcome.
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Miracle at Speedy Motors.
Sure, Sam Neill, David LaGrassoe and Robert De Niro also starred in it. Do you like Romance films?
It is a Crime Fiction genre, do you like those kinds of movies?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Nets are a basketball team. The Nets are a professional basketball team based in Oakland, California.
That was a great movie. Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie or because it was a action movie?
The Taking of Pelham 123 also stars Ramon and is a action movie. Did you know he also starred in the Expendables 2?
It is a action movie that also stars Xander Berkeley and Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you enjoy books written by Cecelia Ahern?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a speculative fiction novel by John Scalzi
Absolutely, have a great day.
I don't know much about her, but I know she was born in Mumbai and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Not really, I am more of a football fan. What sports do you like?
I have heard of that one, I'll have to think of it!
He starred in Looking for Richard.
These movies are listed to be a drama and action film.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is a Horror Film
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levin and is a satire.
She also wrote Watchmen which is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her?
I am not familiar with the lyrics. What is the genre of it?
I'm not sure about that. Is it a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome
I do! He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like thrillers?
I agree, I like crime fiction. I also like The Truman Show which is a great crime fiction movie. Have you seen it?
No I am not sure, but The Hurt Locker starred in it. I highly recommend it.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! He was in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys, The Lorax, and The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Jessica Walter, Teri Garr, Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. Do you like animation films?
Of course! Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling which is also a comedy.
Of course! Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list.
Enjoy the movie.
He is an actor that starred in Water for Elephants and The Green Hornet. Have you seen either of those?
It's a romance starring Sara Gruen.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and stars William Lee Scott.
Yes, it was. Leo Tolstoy was also a writer for Leo Tolstoy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he wrote Tolstoy, which is an action film.
Glad to be of help
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. what else can i do for you?
Yes she is a great author. She wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and Shadow Fire.
You're welcome
The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Tom Waits, Mark Wahlberg, Adam Sandler and Steve Buscemi all starred in the film
Rashida Jones also starred in the Film A Beautiful Mind which is a Psychological thriller
You're welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
It's a great book. Some of my favorites are The Tambling and Pet Sematary. Both are great reads.
I'm not familiar with his work but I'm familiar with his work The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an action film.
It is a science fiction that was released in 1985. Apparently the sequel to The Fog is called The Fog. The Fog was released in 1997.
She's an amazing actress I think you'll enjoy it. She made a cameo in the 2012 Summer Olympics too.
Escape from New York is a horror film.
The next in the series is The Fellowship of the Ring. The next book is The Two Towers
Women in Love was written by Lian Hearn
He wrote A Christmas Carol in the 1980s
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction piece written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
You might enjoy the next in the series by A Wind in the Door which is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, it was released in 1962 and was also considered a children's fantasy novel.
The Tale of Beedle the Bard is a good one written by A Wind in the Door.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the movie if you'd like?
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Swarup was released in 2007. Ayush Mahesh Khedekar was also born in Mumbai.
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Hobbit. Would you like to know more about this book?
The genre is fiction.
The Golden Compass
The movie was directed by Chris Weitz
The BFG was released in 2014 and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy books?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is a great book. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, Zoe's Tale, The Red Pyramid and The Lost Hero are Speculative fiction. Would you like more recommendations?
I do, actually! It was written by Donna Tartt and was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Little Friend and the Goldfinch
I dont have that information, but he was born in Los Angeles
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote The Ship of Brides
Enjoy.
Yes, it is one of my favorite Young-adult fiction books written by John Green
Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
I'm not sure what year that released The Fault in Our Stars was released. Sorry!
That's correct. Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure. However, F. Scott Fitzgerald has produced a film called The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you heard of the movie Deadpool? It stars Patton Oswalt
Black Hat is a horror genre, do you like horror genre?
Black Hat is a Thriller , he also directed The Goon, he also directed a version of Black Hat
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Pan's Labyrinth. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, there is an English version. Would you like to watch it?
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you it is a Spanish movie starring Alex Angulo.
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie in the same genre as Pan's Labyrinth.
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides.
That was a good one too. Did you know that George Carlin was also a film producer?
Yes it is a a tv series written by Michael York
Yes, I like fréric Mugler. He wrote   which was released a long time ago. Are you familiar with that?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy
I don't like dramas, but I do know the Scarlett Johansson produced the film.
You are correct. Robert Duvall also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about Sean Penn?
Into the Wild is a great movie. Sean Penn was in it and wrote Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
Me too! Are you a fan of Garth Williams?
Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, some movies you may enjoy are The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon
Okay, enjoy!
I like his song Marry You. How about you?
I'm not sure about that, but I heard she was good in Princess Protection Program.
I'm always happy to hear that. Isn't she a singer/songwriter too?
I haven't been following him much now.
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner is a young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner
The author is James Dashner
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
Its a Drama/Fantasy
Yes it was made into a movie , have you seen the movie?
Is there anything else I can help with?
That was written by Sue Grafton and is in the Fiction genre. Are you interested in that genre?
It is a young adult fiction written by Sue Grafton
the genre is a well-known book
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Dracula
Sure, have you read The Invisible Man?
Well if you like books by Nina Auerbach you might enjoy The Invisible Man.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a Fantasy movie written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like Fantasy movies?
I'm not sure. I can recommend The Good Doctor 2 and The Return of the King
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think that they are a great team but I don't follow them much. Do you like them?
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, he's a great businessman. I'd like to hear a lot about the Cowboys. Are they your favorite?
Julian Glover starred in Troy, as well as Troy. Do you like Epic or British New Wave Films?
That's a great one! Emily Bronte also starred in it. Do you like her movies?
It came out in 2004.
Wuthering Heights is written by Emily Bronte and was released in 1847. It's a great movie.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
It was released in 1903 the same year that   1 .
I highly recommend it.
Great, enjoy!
Isn't she the one from Bradenton, Florida? How about you?
I know that she is married to Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal.
I'm not a huge fan of sports but I watch the Superbowl for the commercials
I don't know a whole lot about cricket. Is he a cricket player?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Thomas Christensen was also a film producer.
You're very welcome.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes he is the writer of X-Men 2
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2014
Glad to help
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is a similar film.
A couple of my favorites are What My Mother Doesn't Know and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
You are welcome.
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Stephen King.
The Dead Zone is a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more?
Tom Hanks starred in the movie The Gathering. Would this help you with something else?
Hmm, I don't know that one, but Larry Crowne is probably the most popular and most popular one is The Simpsons Movie. Would you like to hear it?
You're welcome!
Okay, no problem!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
It has a genre of Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
It stars Pierre Perrier and Jess Harnell. It is also classified as a thriller and romance film.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but I do know that they're a team for the Super Bowl this year
Have you heard of the Seahawks?
That's right, I am not sure of that, is there anything else I can help with?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli, and it was released in 2000
Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee. Do you enjoy young-adult fiction?
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2000
I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's right. The only thing I know about him is that he had a relationship with Tiger Woods
I haven't watched more than Roger Federer and Roger Federer today.
I don't have any books similar to Mary GrandPre. However, I can tell you that The GrandPre is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. J.K Rowlings wrote those books. Have you read the whole series?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in the author or the genre?
That is correct. What Alice Forgot was released in 2009. Yes she did star in that book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
My favorite team is the Redskins
They seem to be having a good season
I agree! One of the best teams in the NFL.
Yes! Bryan Singer wrote The Usual Suspects, which is a Sci-Fi/Action. Do you like that genre?
There is a movie called X-Men 2 written by Stan Lee who also wrote X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Blake Nelson, Tim Blake Nelson and Ty Burrell.
I sure can! She wrote The Hiding Place, and God's Smuggler. Have you heard of either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1963.
You're very welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, you might like The Kept Away or The Matrix Revolutions. Do you like Martial Arts films?
Ok, you will love it
Okay.
He directed Cloudy with a Chance of Meballs.
I do not have that information, but did you know Phil Lord wrote and directed it?
He was in White House Down, which is a romantic comedy.
You're very welcome
Definitely, it was directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
That's a good adventure film, yes I can. Would you like more suggestions?
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also an excellent movie starring Natalie Portman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Sci-Fi?
Then you might like World War Z with Brad Pitt or World War Z with Brad Pitt.
Zombieland starred Max Brooks, Mark Duvalland and Max Brooks, which also starred Tom Waits
I don't know, but I do know he was in a relationship with Richard Roxburgh
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Another good read is The Midwife's Apprentice. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
Sure! A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
That's a great book! Other books written by William Shakespeare include The Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth.
I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, and Weaveworld.
Yes, Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, or the Giver. Would you like to know more about these?
To Have and Have Not is a great romance novel set in the steel towns of America. Should I suggest some more romance books?
Groundhog Day was written by Bill Murray and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Hunnam stars in that movie along with Matt Dillon
Yes he wrote Ghostbusters
your welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
That is sci-fi, action, and adventure. Are you interested in the genre or would you prefer something in the same genre?
I can recommend X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is. It has the sequel X-Men: First Class and also has sequel sequel The X-Men: First Class II.
She was in it, too. If you like her, he also starred in The Wedding Singer.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes he stars in Micmacs.
I do not have that information, can I help you with anything else?
Your welcome
Do you like the author Neil Gaiman? He also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Your welcome.
Joel Coen is in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in the suspense film True Grit and the western, True Grit.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
It is an action/adventure film starring Tom Cruise.
Yes, he is. Another spy movie he's in is The Stand.
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Destiny and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Great! Alexandre Dumas wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo. Are you familiar with it?
Yes he was the author of The Three Musketeers, which is a fantasy novel. Do you enjoy fantasy novels?
Other novels by Monte Cristo are The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Return of the King, and many more. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Little House Collection. I haven't read it yet. Have you read it?
Yes it was directed by Tom Cruise and starred Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
I have, did you know Peter Capaldi also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand?
Enjoy the movie
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, there is a sequel of the book The Great Gilly Hopkins which is a sequel
You are welcome, enjoy!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It is the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller and Speculative Fiction genre. Does that interest you?
I don't have murder mystery recommendations, is there any other recommendations?
You are welcome
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Marcus Chong, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He's a great writer! Some good Sci-Fi movies you may enjoy are The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, and The Replacement Killers.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Keanu Reeves starred in a movie called The Replacement Killers.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium.
Yes she did, the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography. Do you know the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
Well she is a very talented person. I don't know what type of music she plays. But, I think it is a classic
Sorry, I don't have that information. But Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Revisited.
Well, if you like romance movies I recommend The Incredibles or The Matrix Revolutions.
No, it is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Do you like genre Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it was also written by Richelle Mead
It was written by Richelle Mead and has also been a part of a series called The Vampire Academy series, which is also a series of books.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon wrote it
Mission Impossible is an action adventure starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is an Action Adventure movie?
The Lego Movie has a sequel called The Dark Knight Rises. Are you interested in the same genre?
I'm not sure about similar movies but I can tell you that Will Ferrell also starred in X-Men 2. That is an action/adventure film.
I'm not sure if he was in that one, but he was also in the Action/Adventure movie Spy. You might enjoy that one as well.
I hope you enjoy!
I do not have that information but I can tell you he wrote Ted and also starred in Ted.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
You may enjoy the next in the series by Marue Hindle: What's the Worst That Could Happen?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Yes they are. Another one by Maurice Hindle you may like is The Last Man in the High Castle. That is a great read as well.
He wrote Veronika decide morre, and Il pendolo di Foucault. Have you read them?
It was released in 1856, but I don't know what year it was released. Is that a genre you're interested in?
Yes she did. He also wrote Madame Bovary. Have you heard of this book?
I am not, but I know they were the runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about football, but the Cowboys are a professional American football team based in Dallas, Pennsylvania.
I love baseball. I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
There is a sequel to Toy Story that is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, many of the stars in Toy Story 3 are Tom Hanks, Helena Bonham Carter, and Robert Davi
I do not know about Unbelievable, but it is starring Tom Hanks
Yes, it is on the way.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl. He's a pretty good player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
Blade Runner is a sci-fi/adventure film written and directed by David Ayer. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson also starred in Warcraft and The X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
I agree, it has an interesting cast. Some of my favorite actors also starred in Pulp Fiction as well, such as Jodie Foster and Roger Allam.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Duvall and James Franco. It is a very good movie.
If you liked Bood Diamond, you might also enjoy The Wolf of Wall Street. That one is a romantic comedy.
Of course! He was in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Dead Zone." Both stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo. Have you seen any of these?
It's a romance film.
The Way is a romantic drama. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Roger Bart and Richard Portnow and also starred Gone Baby Gone.
I like psychological thrillers and crime fiction, which is one of my favorites!
That was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Last Stand.
The Matrix Revisited is a great science fiction movie
You're welcome
Yes, she has a wonderful voice. She's an amazing performer and actress.
I am not familiar with her but I heard a lot of good songs. She's also a model and a comedian.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she has a good voice. She's a great singer.
Sure, he wrote The Three Musketeers and The Return of the King
It's a a paranormal romance novel released in 2000.
Yes, but I don't know much about it either.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Its genre is fiction
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables has genre Science Fiction. Are you interested in Science Fiction?
Another mafia movie is The World's End. Have you seen this one?
It is a good movie, have you seen The Godfather Part II?
It is starring Kevin Spacey and Marlon Brando
You're welcome
Yes, it is written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
I believe it is a Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama
The Snatch is also a good Drama movie, have you seen it?
It is a 2018 movie starring Peter Mensah and Liam Neeson
You're welcome
Sure. Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, which are young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure about that, but I believe it was released in 2011
Glad to help, enjoy!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy Film. Do you like Fantasy films?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
I'm not sure about that one, but I know that it's a Fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Would you like other books by this author or genre recommendation?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
I am not sure of the genre, but I can tell you that Sophie Kinsella also wrote Twenties Girl which is another good read.
Shopaholic and Baby was released in 2013
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes,It is a romance novel
Yes, Voyager was written by Lauren Oliver
No problem
I have. Would you like to know other books she wrote?
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was in the English language
I am a huge fan of the Belgium team but I don't really follow football.
Thank you for the information. Thanks for the info!
I am more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What is yours?
He's the one who directed the movie Wilde and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen either of those?
No, I haven't seen it, but I do know that Tom Everett starred in the film as well.
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a popular film that he's been in.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action adventure movie.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton
It came out in 2010
Yes, he wrote Lord of the Flies which is a Fantasy Fiction.
He writes in the genre of speculative fiction.
If you are looking for recommendations by William Goldman, he also wrote The Princess and the Frog and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You are welcome.
Sure, she wrote a whole series called I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Sarah Clarkson. She is a graphic novelist, author, and screenwriter. She wrote the first book, The Naked Sun.
I've heard it's a good one. It was released in 2011 and is a drama/fantasy.
No problem, have a great day.
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. Its a great movie.
Yes he is. Emma Stone is also a TV actress.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones was also in that movie as well!
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Do you enjoy reading it?
The Tales of Beedie the Bard is a good one, have you heard of it?
I have not seen it, i just saw it. Enjoy the movie.
Your welcome have a great day
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in it as well as Meryl Streep.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote the book Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller/Crime Fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a huge fan of The Weekend but I do know that they are a team in the NBA.
You are correct. Do you like Echoes of Silence?
It looks like it was the best song ever since i've been listening to it.
Are you referring to A Time to Kill written by John Grisham?
I don't know of any other thriller novels by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
It was released in 1987. The genre is a mystery/fantasy.
I'm not sure what genre Jeffery Deaver is known but he starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man.
Yes. It was written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
I'm a huge Dr. Seuss fan. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The Cat in the Hat and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are good as well.
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The Sneetches and Other Stories as well.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his old school Maroon 5 songs. Do you like his new stuff?
I don't know too much about Maroon 5 but he is a great singer.
Not really. X Factor is a comedy with Maroon 5
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Tragedy of Anthony and Cleopatra is written by Shakespeare. Have you read it?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
The Gnomeo & Juliet is in the Fantasy genre. Have you heard of this one?
No problem.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge of Six. Do you like him?
That is true. Bob Houston also starred in Bobby.
I do not have that information but i can tell you it was released in 2003
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder which is a very good movie
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, that's right, he wrote that as well as The Absolute Sandman.
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you he was influenced by Richard Linklater and Jenna Boyd.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature that was released in 1971.
I'm always happy to help.
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance films?
It's a comedy starring Scarlett Johansson and was released in 2013.
Ok, i'm sure you will enjoy it.
Alright, it's a great movie! It's also considered a comedy-drama.
Under the Skin was released in 2010.
Glad to help!
I haven't actually seen it but I heard it's very good! It's a Thriller starring Keanu Reeves. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Pulp Fiction, have you seen that one?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, he played for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't really follow football, but I do know that he was born in Pittsburgh
Sure! He directed The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. He also wrote the Apostle.
Of course, he also starred in The Last Samurai and The People of Sparks.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter who sang a Thousand Years and Lovestrong
I didn't know that! That's a great songwriter.
Wayman : Part of series: Lebron James. what else can i do for you?
that is very cool as well!
I think he's a really good artist. What's your favorite song of his?
Probably the most recent song ever Let Me Go. Have you heard it?
What other type of music do you like?
There is a movie called The Fellowship of the Ring from the The Two Towers written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I am not sure about that. However, he was in The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor. Have you seen those?
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a great series. Other books in the series are The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
The author of Greek Mythology is The Blood of Olympus.
You're welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that?
The Simpsons Movie was released in 2011 and is a Romance genre. Do you like animation?
Then you'll like The Simpsons Movie, it's also Animation and stars Brad Pitt. He's also been involved with a lot of animation animations.
Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and White Hot Kiss. Sound interesting to you?
Yes, you are correct. While the title is a play, Armentrout's Wicked was released in 2014, the same year that White Hot Kiss was released.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Ms. Caldwell wrote The Time Machine and The Fountain. Are you familiar with those?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is written by Mel Gibson who also stars in the film.
It was released in 2013
You're welcome.
Yes! I love The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. Do you like his work?
It is in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King wrote the Bone Clocks?
The Bone Clocks is the sequel to The Bone Clocks and The Sea of Monsters.
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Snoop Dogg. Have you seen these?
Super stars Seth MacFarlane and Kevin Zegers. It's a family movie.
He also starred in The Wedding Planner, another really good movie also.
I hope you enjoy them
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you more about either of those?
Yes, that's right. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Yes. High Drama was written by Adrien Brody
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I have never seen it, but I love the movie written by Dan Brown which is an awesome movie.
He's been in a lot of great movies. He was in the Transformers. Have you seen that one?
There's also The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm always happy to help.
I believe his last album came out in 2016. Do you like his music?
A popular one released in 2017. It was The Women of Brewster Place.
I'm more of a fan of his. I'm more of an American Dream fan of his.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What type of music do you like?
Yes, I do. Have you read рестуление и накаание or диот?
David McDuff is the author of рестуление и накаание
Whats the genre of this book?
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm not sure what's American it's about. What sport do you like?
Sure, A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is written by him
He wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design, and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
The main star of the film is Jeremy Renner, Thomas Lennon and Leigh Brackett. I think you'll enjoy it.
Have fun!
I'm sorry I don't have any favorite songs by him. What kind of genre do you like?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like more books by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia is a romantic comedy.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl among others. Have you seen any of these?
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller and Sci-Fi.
Underdog is considered a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama starring Seu Jorge. Seu Jorge starred in it.
Yes. He starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. He also starred in The Notebook.
He wrote Thirteen Moons, The Future of Us, and The Future of Us. Have you read any of those?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you heard of it?
Under the Never Sky, Wicked Lovely, that is also a good one.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 1981 by Charlaine Harris
You are very welcome.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, City of Glass, and City of Glass. Would you like to know more?
You are very welcome. I am sure that you will enjoy The World's End and The Time Machine as well.
The Historian is a great book written by Elizabeth Lloyd and released in 1851. This book is also a film that was turned into a movie.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that one but I can tell you it was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is also a novel that was released in 1867.
Unfortunately, I don't have the information for Thrillers but I can tell you it is the genre of the movie Without Fail by Dick Hall.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a similar book
Did you know it was produced by Tate Taylor?
He sure did. He also starred in The Crucible. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama/fantasy. It's a great movie!
Your welcome!
Sure. Did you like the movie because it was written by Arthur Conan Doyle?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a Fantasy/Sci-fi.
Yes he is, he starred in that one as well as In Search of America.
Your welcome.
Sure. Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Would you like to know more?
Yes she did, Kristen Stewart played the lead role. Do you like her movies?
He also wrote Tales of the Beedle the Bard and Other Impossible Pursuits
Your welcome.
I know that The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan
Yes, it was released in 2016. If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Thin Red Line. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
I'm not really a fan of Music, but I do know he's a friends with Selena Gomez who is also a singer
That's right. The Muppets is a great movie. The Muppets is a musical comedy. Have you seen it?
I liked that movie too. The Muppets was a great movie, have you seen it?
I love her. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Will Smith starred in it, I'm not sure about his movies, but I'm familiar with Will Smith.
Yes, he was also in that movie as well, along with Will Smith.
Sure! He directed Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen What's the Worst That Could Happen? starring Harrison Ford? It's a romantic comedy
Yes Man is a great movie, it was released in 1997 and directed by L. Brooks. James L. Brooks starred in this movie.
Evan Goldberg has directed a lot of movies including The Interview
Great, have a great day!
Yes, this is the End is a fantasy.
You're welcome
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid and Rocky. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Tempest
That one stars Sylvester Stallone, Josh Hutcherson, Kirsten Dunst and Daryl Sabara.
Yes, she starred in the Cosby Show.
You're welcome
Sure. That was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2.
The first one is Apocalypse Now
No problem, have a great day
There are 3 parts in this series, one is a series - 1Q84 Book 1
No that is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you heard of A Tale of Two Cities? She also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and was made into a movie as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men: First Class and Underworld: Evolution. Have you seen either of those?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Science Fiction Film
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie The Gathering Storm which is a Science Fiction Film
That is correct he did a great job.
He is an athlete and plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I don't like cricket. I'm more of a football fan. One of my favorite football team is the New England Patriots.
I don't like tennis but I do know that Serena Williams is also a good player.
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do know he's also an athlete.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's a good movie. Patrick Ewing and Larry Bird were also in it, didn't he?
I love Michael Jordan too! He directed My Soul to Take. He's such a great actor.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Sea of Monsters
It is a Fiction genre.
The Lightning Thief and The Lightning Thief
F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of these?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1926, the same year that released You Are Not So Smart and Dark Places.
He has written a number of books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
You're very welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that was turned into a movie.
Yes. Michael Crichton has also written Song of Solomon which is another good book you might like.
Robin Cook is a writer and television producer. He writes a lot of thrillers.
You're welcome.
Well, if he like watching Ratatouille, I think he will love This Is The End and The Incredibles
Yes he did. Jason Lee also wrote The Incredibles and he also wrote and starred in Spinal Tap.
You're welcome
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
The only one I know by Jeremy Copperfield is David Kinnear
Have you heard You Need Me, I Don't Need You?
No, it was written by Ed Sheeran
Love Yourself is a good one by him.
It is a speculative fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner or the genre speculative fiction?
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this book?
He's a great writer! He wrote a bunch of short stories, including lex Angulo, The Lady in the Lake and The Cable Guy.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you will like The Hunger Games and The Return of the King.
I agree, I wonder if she's married to Liam Neeson.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like Sci-Fi books?
Great! I haven't read the whole series, so I will add it to your list.
It was released in Sherlock Holmes in 1897. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
Yes, it is a short story.
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller starring Paula Hawkins
The book was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
I am not sure if there are any other movies filmed in Mexico. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I don't like his fathers music either. But, I heard he was good
Yes, that is a great movie. I liked her in The Princess Diaries.
Yes! He directed Three Kings. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it. Do you like Drama movies?
Do you like Drama movies or just Three Kings?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure. Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote The Wackness, which is also a drama
You are very welcome
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Next Door and The Secret of My Life. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
She starred in The Girl Next Door and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, it is a great movie, I think you will enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Yes, you certainly can! He has also starred in such films as Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are, The Secret Art of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales.
You're very welcome!
Joseph Heller wrote The Lathe of Heaven. what else can i answer for you today?
Sure. The Passage and The Sea of Monsters may be a similar title
You're welcome
Yes he is a great actor. He stars in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It is a great movie! Stefan Kapicic also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Do those sound interesting to you?
I believe it is the Thriller type of movie, would you like to hear it?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by J.K. Rowling. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The series is a series of books written by J.K. Rowling
Sure! E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of these?
That's correct. This book was released in 1929 and is in the English language. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're very welcome
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-Fi/Action genre. Do you like these genres?
X-Men: First Class is a great Sci-Fi movie, have you seen that one yet?
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It's starring Ryan Reynolds, Stefan Kapicic, Steve Buscemi, and Danny DeVito, have you seen this one?
Great, I would also recommend War of the Worlds, have you seen this one?
I like his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock.
It's a pop music similar to I Don't Want This Night to End.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
Equilibrum is a great movie that also starred Emily Watson. Have you seen it?
It's a great film. You should check out Terminator Salvation if you haven't seen it
Enjoy!
He is the writer of The Verdict and the Ender's Game
I am not sure but I know he is a scientist and author
I am not sure but it was released in 2011
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a young adult fiction?
The Siren and The One are also written by Kiera Cass.
I hope you enjoy it
You're very welcome
He directed Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy starring Nicky Katt. Do you like that genre?
Sure, You are welcome.
I do! Rich Moore directed Wreck-It-Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He actually did! He also directed Restless, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
Yes, along with River Phoenix, did you know he also starred in The Pelican Brief or The Count of Monte Cristo?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
He's an author who wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
He's an author. He's also a film producer. He directed the animated film When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you heard of it?
He was also influenced by David Sedaris and was influenced by David Sedaris
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
He wrote the book, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. It was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charles Frazier is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Chelsea and the United States of America.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote the sequel, Thirteen Moons.
You're welcome.
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I don't know that one. I am more of a fan of their music. They're also a K-pop band.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is also a novel that was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote the TV miniseries and the TV miniseries
I know he's a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't have any other information, can I help you with?
B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday is a screenwriter. Would you like more information about the author?
I believe it to be in English
I don't know a lot about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know that he was influenced by Jane Austen
You are welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Vincent Gallo, Martin Scorsese, and Martin Scorsese to name a few.
Goodfellas is a Thriller. Do you likeThrillers?
Have you seen The Lost Symbol? It is a great movie.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened along side Anne Hathaway.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
you are welcome.
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Robert De Niro, Dorian Missick and Denzel Washington are a few of the stars in the movie.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
I know that Brad Stevens is the current coach of the Celtics. Are you a fan of his?
Unfortunately I do not watch football. How about you?
I watch the Lakers from time to time. How about the Lakers?
Oh wow, he's a great player. Speaking of basketball, have you seen the movie Space Jam?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is correct he is in that movie
There is a lot of great movies directed by Simon West, such as The Day the Earth Stood Still, and The Secret Life of Bees
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel, it is a part of a series called Ink Exchange.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like movies by Stephen Chbosky?
Other movies starring Mark Gordon include The Day After Tomorrow, Independence Day, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate
You are welcome
I know he starred in Gravity
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, Gravity has genre Thriller, it was released in 2010.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help with something else?
The most popular sci-fi films are Aeon Flux and Zombie Hunter. Do you like Sci-Fi films?
You're very welcome
I don't like the Oakland Raiders, but I do know that Las Vegas is owned by Bill Bidwill
I didn't realize that! That's a good year for football. Do you like football?
Exactly. You should check it out. I'm more of a football fan myself.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, and starring William Morgan Sheppard, Michael Caine and Christian Bale.
Yes, it starred Hugh Jackman, Michael Caine and Christian Bale.
Rebecca Hall starred in Dumb and Dumber, have you seen it?
You are welcome
I know it was written by Joseph Heller, and is a war novel. Do you like war books?
I am not sure about that . It is a war novel.
I don't have similar genre information but I can tell you that he wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are welcome.
Yes, I would recommend Xenocide, a speculative fiction novel by P.C. Cast.
It is a part of a series. The next in the series is Revenge of the Bridesmaids.
You are very welcome.
Yes. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
Yes it is. Did you know that James Coburn is also a musician?
You are correct. Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth?
You are welcome.
Sure! John Lasseter directed The Terminator and The City of Ember. Have you seen either of those?
Cars 2 was released in 2004. That's the same year that A Bug's Life was released. That's a classic!
It has Peter Jacobson, Django Unchained, Helena Bonham Carter, and Leslie Bibb. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome.
He is a great Heavyweight boxer. What's your favorite sport?
Her spouse is Hayden Panettiere. She is also a musician and a model.
Yes, you should! He's also a great actor in Remember the Titans.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
I do like the Redskins. My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
Whoa! The Redskins isn't one of the best teams in the AFC West.
That one was released in 1990 and written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like her work?
Yes that is correct. Wyrd Sisters is also a Fantasy Fiction genre
I recommend Xenocide, Wolf Brothers
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I am not sure, but I know he is a basketball player
Yes, he is on the Golden State Warriors
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Have you seen either of these?
The Silence of the Lambs was also written by Ted Tally and starred Anthony Heald. Do you like Thrillers?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy A Walk to Remember, which was also written by Ted Tally.
Enjoy the movie!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie along with Kevin Dunn.
I recommend Extreme Prejudice and X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Russell is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics
Not really. I am more of an American Football fan. What about you?
Yes, they were drafted by Patrick Ewing. He was a great player too.
I don't know Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's a series a series : Part of series: Upright Citizens Brigade. Upright Citizens Brigade has genre Xenocide
Yes it is a slasher novel written by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
He is a very popular athlete in London. He is a golf player.
That's a very good one as well. I'm not much of a fan of golf, but I heard he won the 2007 PGA Championship!
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I do know they were runner up for Super Bowl XVII right?
I don't know much about football either. I'm a Bears fan myself. What do you think?
The team is doing well this year
Yes, he wrote Rayuela. Are you a fan of his work?
Rayuela was released in 1963, the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I don't know much other than she is a singer. Is she a singer?
No I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
The Giver is an excellent movie. Did you know the movie was released in 1955?
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
It was also written by John Green and has genre speculative fiction.
It is a similar book called The Fault in Our Stars.
No problem, enjoy.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Utterly Cold Blooded. Would you like more information about Murder?
I have not seen the movie, but I can tell you it was written by Truman Capote.
Yes, I do. Nathan Greno wrote Gone Baby Gone which is an action/adventure film. Do you like that genre?
That's right! Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Would you like to watch that one?
Absolutely! World War Z with Brad Pitt is a great Animation Film.
Yes, he was. Tim Allen also starred in The Santa Clause 2. Have you seen that one?
Larry Crowne was a great name in that movie, as well Ben Stiller and Ricky Gervais was also in it.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to the movie Artificial Intelligence written by Steven Spielberg?
The Goonies was a great movie written by Steven Speilberg. He also directed Ocean's Eleven which is a Sci-Fi movie.
This movie was released in 1999, the same year The Goonies was released.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Russell Crowe, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also directed the movie What's the Worst That Could Happen.
He was in Zodiac, it was a great Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome
It stars Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, and Marlon Brando to name a few. Marlon Brando also starred in Elysium with Marlon Brando as well.
Richelle Mead directed The Scent of a Woman.
No, he's not the director of the film. He was also a director as well.
He has starred in several films, such as X-Men, X-Men, X-Men 2 and The Last World War Z.
Witless Protection is a drama and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Witless Protections is a great Crime film in the Crime genre. Another good Crime film is The Recruiter, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad to help!
I don't know much other than she's a singer. Is she a singer?
Anne-Marie was a singer like Paul McCartney
I'm not sure but I can tell you she is also a singer like Taylor Swift
I'm more of a Linkin Park fan. I'm more of a Linkin Park fan though. How about you?
I personally love their music. They're very talented. One of my favorites is "Lilo & Stitch", which is one of my favorites.
I like dance music. It's a classic.
Sure, he directed Watchmen which is an action/adventure film. He also directed The Princess and the Frog.
He was also in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is another one.
He was in quite a few such as The Incredibles and The Road to El Dorado.
I do not have that information, but he did write and directed the movie Into the Wild.
I'm not sure what other movies she'd been in but the Family Saga also starring Diane Keaton.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Of course, Sylvia Plath was influenced by Charles Dickens and Elina Alminassoe. Do you like politics?
Poems is a children's poetry written by Karen Hesse. Do you like poetry?
I'm not sure of the most popular song of his. But he was in the movie The Wiz. Have you seen it?
That is a good question, I actually don't remember his part of it either. He was a great person though he was a Beatles fan.
Oh that's right, it was written by John Lennon
Sure! He directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Ben Stiller is great. Enjoy
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also released in 1513. Would you like to hear more about it?
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli. He was also an author as well.
Yes, he wrote The Last Dragon, The World According to Garp. Have you read any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have the release date for Marina.
I am not sure about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Drama, the genre is fiction
Yes, it is a speculative fiction movie .
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan and Christopher Nolan
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Christopher Nolan
You are welcome
The soccer player? I don't know much about him other than he plays for France National Football team.
Real Madrid is a soccer team coached by Jose Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti. Do you like soccer?
I like them too. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was written by Jane Austen or because it is a romance novel?
John Irving is an American writer who wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
It is a Tragicomedy.
That book was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
F. Gary Gray is an actor who starred in such films as The Matrix and The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
She's a great actress! She was also in The Princess Mononoke, which is a great animated film.
It was released in 2013 and directed by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also directed The Color Purple which is an animated film.
Of course. I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the sequel such as Ocean's Twelve?
The Fight Club is a Thriller with the genre of Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't think so, but he is a man of many talents.
Brad Pitt starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
You're welcome
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is considered a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
Perhaps you would enjoy Winter's Tale, starring Emily Watson. It is a Romantic Comedy if you are interested.
Yes it is a Romantic Film if you are interested in romance films.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I'm a huge fan of Basketball. Do you like Basketball?
That's a great movie starring Anjelica Huston, who also played Cricket.
I think they are pretty good Lakers. Who's your favorite player on the team?
I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, he was influenced by Charles Dickens and Charles Dickens.
Yes, Holes is a great book for young adult fiction.
I know a little bit. He plays basketball. Are you a fan of him?
I am not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team award
They are all the NBA Finals. Basketball is also a good one as well as the NBA.
You are welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar is a comedy-drama produced by Kevin Smith and was released in 1995. It is a comedy-drama.
Vulgar was released in 1999 and is a drama/fantasy genre.
Kevin Smith is a basketball player, actor, athlete, and television personality. He is best known for directing the animated series A Bug's Life. He also starred in the animated series Friends with Benefits.
Absolutely! You are very welcome.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. do you like him>
I haven't really followed him but i heard he is a great player
I know it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Some of Terry Goodkind's books include The Looking Glass Wars, The Pillars of the Earth, The First Rule, and The Pillars of the Earth.
It is a romance novel.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I don't know of any Fiction novels by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four and The Portable Atheist.
It is a Historical fiction novel. Do you like historical fiction?
I am sure you will enjoy it
It is a fiction book that was released in 1951.
I hope you enjoy them
You're welcome
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
Yes they do. Did you know their team won the Academy Award for Best Playress in the Year?
Stephen Gostkowski is an amazing actor. He's with the Patriots as well, and he's with the Patriots. His team is the Redskins. Do you like the Patriots?
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete that plays cricket. Do you follow him?
Yeah, he was a great boxer. I'm not sure what he's doing now.
Oh, I didn't know that. Is he a good guy too?
Well it was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Leslie Scott. Are you familiar with his work?
The genre is science fiction
Twilight is written by stephanie meyer. Anything else I can help you with?
There's The Secret Life of Bees that is the first romance in the romance series, and the Star Wars series is another one.
Of course. It stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi to name a few.
Both are great actors, I think you will enjoy them both.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen them?
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a science fiction starring Emma Stone.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I like him! He's a good rapper. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Ziggy Marley. But he was a Musician and Artist as well.
Don't mention some of his songs. However he did enjoy Interscope Records, have you heard of that?
Are you a fan of animated films?
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and also stars Emma Stone. Would you like to hear about other movies in this genre?
You're welcome!
Se7en is a horror movie starring Matt Damon, do you like horror movies?
Have you seen Crime & Crime Thrillers? It's a very good one with many genres.
It stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm always happy to help.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't, but I heard it's a good read.
I'm not sure of that, but I think it was in the year 2015
I'm not sure, but I can send it to your computer now!
I don't know too much about her other than he's a singer. Do you like her?
I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby, what is your favorite?
I do know that Aiken is friends with Tyra Banks, but she is a great singer. What do you think?
That's the only reality television show I've ever watched. I'll have to check it out
The book was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you mind if I search based on her books?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy/Adventure novel. Are you familiar with her?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass is also written by her.
No problem. Enjoy the book!
Yes! Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, Stuck on You, and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Transyvania.
I am not sure of the genre but I do know it is a drama
The Other Boleyn Girl starred by Dr. Seuss, who also starred in The Sandman: Worlds' End.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Thriller/Romance genre.
I'm sorry I don't have the same information about The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a Drama/Fantasy genre.
I am not sure who starred in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a Thriller , if you'd like to watch it.
Absolutely! Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2010 and is in the English language. It was released in 2003.
That's a good question that I am not sure about that. I do know that it was released in Prague.
You're welcome.
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Is this the genre you want to watch?
I don't have any other information on Catch Me If You Can. But he directed Ocean's Eleven which is a thriller.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Omega Code. Have you read either of those?
Yes it was it was it produced by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in fantasy?
If you enjoy young adult fiction, The Siren is a good one! It's considered children's literature.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley
It was released in 1818 by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
There's The Last Legion written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Sure. Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
I have heard of that book. Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
Are you referring to Chris Paul who is a basketball player?
Yes he was, what is the genre of this movie?
Yes they do, they are a basketball player.
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a Young-adult fiction that was released in 2003
I am glad I could help.
Yes I have. Would you like me to send you a link to that?
Of course! X-men is an action/adventure movie, and a sci-fi flick, but a sci-fi flick, The Dark Knight Rises, is similar.
Rosario Dawson, Gary Oldman, and Denzel Washington starred in the film. Do you like those actors?
Volcano was released in 2010, not the same year as X-Men: The Future of Us.
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes! Missy Eliott was in that movie as well, along with Rob Riggle.
Jodie Foster and Missy Eliott were in it as well as Leigh Brackett
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Not really. I am more of an American Football fan. What sports do you like?
I am a fan of Soccer. What is your favorite sport?
I am not a huge sports fan but I would love to watch the playoffs
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite player?
Oh I hope they win the Superbowl. They're good this year.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
It is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen Looking for Alaska? It's a drama/thriller written by Oliver Stone.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in Insomnia and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read it?
That's a good one too. Mr. Pricklepants is also a good movie.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, song writer and dancer. Do you know his music?
I like his music alot, but I think I'm more of a classic hip hop artist
I do not have a lot to know. But I know she is a good singer
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary by Liane Moriarty. You might enjoy that one as well.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction. Speaker of the Dead is a good one
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
Aladdin is a great movie! Do you like movies starring Aladdin because it is a Science Fiction Film?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
You're welcome
I love lady Gaga. Aside from being a writer and actress, she is also a singer.
Then I would recommend Beautiful Creatures that she has a similar feel
That is correct. Muppets was a great movie too. Have you seen The Muppets?
I love Coldplay! What kind of music do you like?
I love Yellow too. I think I'll watch the next one. What's your favorite song by this actor?
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about A Rush of Blood to the Head.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
He starred in The House of Mirth and The House of Mirth.
Yes she is. It also starred Olivia Newton-John
You're welcome
Kahil Gilbran wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
a good one is The Book of a Thousand Days. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I sure do! He starred in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
Sure, a few good ones are World War Z and Love You. Have you heard those?
It's a pop music. but if you're a fan of Justin Timberlake, I think you'll enjoy his album All About Tonight.
Yes, he is a great athlete. He was in The New York Times Best Seller list. Do you like him?
This book is a novel about the life of young girl whom will stay face to life's problem
2003
Is that the type of books you're interested in?
The Wolverine is a thriller and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like thrillers or action films?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama
The Wolverine is a fantasy genre. It's also a Thriller.
Your welcome
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman. Are you interested in movies with her?
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like animated movies?
He also starred in The Crucible and The Manchurian Candidate. Do those sound interesting to you?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Mark Boal, it stars Denzel Washington and James Franco to name a few.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. The O.C. series was released in 2009
I hope you enjoy it!
The Cotton Club is a popular movie by Francis Ford Coppola.
You might also enjoy the movie written by Ernest Hemingway, it is a drama that was released in 1998.
This movie stars Seth MacFarlane, Marlon Brando, and Charlie Hunnam.
Of course! Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Stephanie Sigman, Sam Elliot, and Naomi Watts. Are you interested in this genre?
Angelina Jolie also starred in The Wedding Singer and she also starred in it.
Yes! The Bone Collector was released in 2010 and was written by Jon Favreau.
Yes! That was a funny movie with Owen Wilson.
Yes, Owen Wilson was in that one. It's a funny movie starring Tom Hanks.
He's on the Germany national football team
He plays the Midfielder, and he is the Midfielder. Do you follow soccer?
He's a midfielder on the Germany national football team.
I don't. Is he a player for the Real Madrid F.C?
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other films in this genre?
Yes, he starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Would you like more information about this movie?
The other ones that he starred in are The Last Man and The Secret Life of Bees.
I agree, I really like Bill Murray in that movie as well.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
That's a good movie. Did you know that it's considered a romantic comedy?
I like thrillers. I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Do you like thrillers?
I like murder mystery, I think you would enjoy This Is Spinal Tap.
I haven't seen it but if I've heard it's a good movie.
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these books?
Some of her most famous books are What's the Worst That Could Happen. She's also a novelist.
I'm not sure of that, I don't have the answer for that. Is it a romance novel?
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner and John Steinbrenner
He was born in Los Angeles. Are you a baseball fan?
The book Inside Man was written by Ben Affleck
I do not have that information, is there something else I can help with?
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but he directed The Other Guys which is a thriller.
I do not have that information but i can tell you it is a crime fiction film
It is a comedy and was directed by Jon Favreau.
Do you know of any other movies he produced?
Good Will Hunting is a romantic comedy written by Matt Damon. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it stars Matt Damon too. It's a a romantic comedy
No I have not, i haven't seen those movies yet.
Great, hope you enjoy them
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Oakland, California. Are you a fan of theirs?
Yes, I like the team a lot! Did you know that he was on the NFL as well?
I don't like the Steelers, but I do know the Seahawks won Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a Drama?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare.
I am not sure about that. But I can tell you it was released in 2005.
She starred in Cicely Tyson.
Your welcome.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It was released in 2005.
That's right, Tyraur Canyon was released in 2005. That's the same year that Wild Ones was released. Have you seen it?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Green Mile. That was a great sci-fi movie too.
There are so many great sci-fi books that you might enjoy. Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Xenocide and World Without End.
Of course! Anything else?
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film. Stephen King also wrote it.
I'd recommend The Walking Dead.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall
Which one did you like the most about The Invasion?
She's been in quite a few great films. Two of my favorites are The Invasion and The Body Snatchers.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit. I know that he's in the NBA and plays for the Miami Heat.
Cadillac Records is one of my favorite movies he directed.
Yes, Lady Gaga has a talented voice. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it yet. What genre is it?
The Muppets also had Will Smith. I'm sure you'd love it, it's a very funny movie! It's a really good movie, have you seen Will Smith?
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Essential Readings for the Non-believer is an autobiographical novel by Christopher Hitchens.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome.
It was directed by J.R.R. Tolkien and stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He starred in The Good Doctor and The Return of the King
I cannot find that information, but i can tell you that he starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu, did you know that?
You're welcome
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She is a writer, poet, author.
I'm not a huge fan of golf but I do know he's from Murrieta
I haven't seen them in a long time but I love Adam Sandler in that movie. Do you like him?
That's funny. Did you see Hot Tub Time Machine by Harold Ramis who also wrote and directed it?
Would you like me to recommend movies directed by him?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that it was released in 2017.
You're welcome
Sure. Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a 1998 American science fiction action film directed by Frank Darabonis and released in 1994.
I don't have any more information on that one, but I can tell you it is a thriller that was released in 1999.
Do you like Juno because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
Walk Two Moons and Wicked Lovely are young adult films.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
Jim Carrey and J.K. Simmons star in the movie.
Bradley Cooper was in The Mummy, a great movie Bradley Cooper was in.
Bradley Cooper starred in the comedy The Hangover
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans
Yes it was released in 2012 it was a drama. Do you like drama?
The Sea of Monsters vs. Aliens is a good thriller as well do you like that genre?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Similar books include Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Lord of the Rings.
Lullaby was written by Edward Norton, and has a genre Speculative fiction.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but he did write Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Emma.
I haven't seen the movie Shooter but I heard it was good. Are you a fan of his?
The movie starred Tate Donovan, who was also in Walking Tall, have you seen it?
He was also in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Rum Diary.
Sure! Rocky is a Thriller written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might like Fight Club. It was written by Walt Disney Pictures. It was also made into a movie.
It is a martial arts film and action film.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge and Ape House.
Well there's The Importance of Being Earnest, which is also a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2015.
You're welcome
I didn't know he's a basketball player but he played in the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan of his?
I am not a huge fan of Blake Griffin. What is your favorite player?
I agree, it is a good relationship with Tiger Woods. How about you?
Oh wow, i didn't know that! What is the name of the team?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon, has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather Part II, written by Francis Ford Coppola, starring Marlon Brando. Are you interested in movies with her?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Scarlett Johansson.
The Godfather Part II is a Sci-Fi/Apocalypse Now, have you seen Apocalypse Now?
Yes, Goodfellas is also a great movie, have you seen The Godfather Part II?
I do! I liked her in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Prisoner of Shark Island has a sequel called No Country for Old Men
Thank you for letting me know.
Yes Private Benjamin was a Parody movie a Parody genre
You are very welcome
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Godfather and The World According to Garp.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre Science Fiction.
I don't know of any other books by her but I do know she wrote Underworld: Evolution
You're very welcome.
If you like thrillers, I would recommend The Black Dahlia which is a similar movie.
Brad Pitt starred in War. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
he starred in the Winnie the Pooh animated film
Sure. Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, Rio 2, and The Ugly Truth as well.
Saving Grace was released in 2007.
Isn't she a tennis player from Constanta, Romania?
I know a lot about tennis but I don't follow the sport either. How about you?
Oh wow i didn't know that. What sport does she play?
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Oakland, California. Are you a fan of theirs?
I heard that The 49ers were one of the best in the NFL on Monday night. Did you know that the team is owned by Susan Lynch?
I am not sure of the title but I can tell you that the genre is Fantasy.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
127 hours is a war film starring Sullivan Stapleton and Julie Kavner.
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk starring James Franco. It's a classic!
The Wrestler is written by Bob McNair and stars Mark Margolis and Marisa Tomei. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It is a drama
Your welcome
Yes he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan of cricket?
No, I prefer American football. What sports do you like?
I'm not sure, but I heard he's a good athlete
The Chronicles of Narnia is part of the series The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is part of the series and The Son of Neptune.
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
I believe it was a fiction novel.
You're very welcome
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Would you like to know more about either of those?
Yes, another example of the same title is The Big Lebowski
The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe was also released in 1904
It's a young-adult fiction book.
The author of The Sea Wolf is a science fiction novel.
It was written by the same author, Jane Austen, the same author of the book.
He wrote рат и овести, and рат и овести.
That is also by Richard Pevear, it is a Science Fiction.
I am not sure but I can tell you it was released in English as well.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Valkyrie.
Yes it is a Thriller starring Ty Olsson
As well as the movie Cabin in the Woods.
That's an excellent Sci-Fi movie starring Henry Cavill and Henry Cavill. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like that one, you might also like The Incredible Hulk starring Henry Cavill
He directed the sci-fi movie The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Ok would you like me to send it to you now
That's the same year The Killing Room was released.
I recommend The Blind Side.
I would also recommend A Year Down Yonder. It's a very good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that one.
I'm always happy to help!
I like her sister Serena better. How about you?
No I don't follow tennis at all but I do know that Venus is also a professional tennis player
I don't have that information, but I do know that Serena is also a tennis player from Belgium.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds! Do you like Ryan Reynolds?
Woman in Gold is a great movie but The Proposal is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
That's a good one. You should check it out. It's a Historical period drama starring Scarlett Johansson.
Do you like Huge Jackman? He is in a lot of thrillers.
It was directed by Ang Lee. Do you like Speculative fiction?
It has a genre of Romance, Fiction, Romance and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
It came out in 2005.
I have not seen Superman Returns, have you seen it?
I believe it is a drama
That is correct he was in that movie as well
Yes he is in that movie as well, I think he was a good actor
I'm sure it's a good movie.
your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
The genre Techno-thriller is that what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you?
That was written by John Scalzi and released in 2005. Would you like more titles by this author?
I am not sure, but I can send it to your movie library so you will enjoy.
The genre is Drama/Fantasy. Michael Bay was also in it.
OK, have a nice day.
Yes, that's correct. In addition to being a writer, I'm also a cartoonist.
You're welcome
Great, have a good day.
I haven't read Outlander, is it a science fiction book that was written by William Shakespeare?
If you liked Outlander, you might like The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. These are the books she wrote in the fantasy genre.
I am not sure of any other books by her, but I can tell you The Scottish Prisoner is one of her most famous works
No I do not have that information. What is the next in the series?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC
Not really. Do you know who the team is starring?
Yes Ryan Gosling was in that movie, did you know he was also in The Fifty Shades of Grey?
Yes! He directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
That is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and Infinite Jest.
Mark Johnson was the director for Wyatt Earp.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan?
John Savage is a great composer, do you like his music?
He's a favorite of mine, The Wishsong of Shannara, one of my favorites.
I like the New York Jets, but I'm not a fan of the New York Jets. Do you like the New York Jets?
I don't know much about football. Are the Jets a Panthers fan?
I do know that the New York Jets is a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
I don't know much about him other than he wrote Snatch which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The sequel to Snatch is called Sherlock Holmes. It was released in 2013 and directed by Louis Sachar. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
I do not have that information, but I would recommend something else for you.
Of course, I'll add it now.
I have not heard of him. Is he a south korean boy band?
I haven't heard of them. Are they a good team?
It's a good mix of souls, folklore, and adventure.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Do you like his movies? If so, he's a great actor.
He starred in 8 mile. That was a great movie. Have you seen it?
That's right! I think he is a friend with Snoop Dogg, did you know he was in the movie The Wash?
Yes, he did, it's a thriller starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome.
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with him?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and also starred Charlize Theron and Charlie Hunnam. Do you know Time Bandits was released in 2002
She was also in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them yet?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch. Have you read them?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have you see Apocalypse Now, Apocalypse Now?
I don't know any similar movies, but if you like Sci-Fi you might like X-Men 2 or State of the Union.
That's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in Point of Impact with Harrison Ford.
I don't have any facts about that.
I know a little bit about him, he's an athlete, plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know a whole lot. I don't follow cricket so no I am not familiar with the sport. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I do like football. What's your favorite team?
It's a great Super Bowl this year. What's your favorite team?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
That is correct. Adventures in Baby Girl is my favorite of mine. Have you seen it?
i'm sorry i don't have any information on that movie but i can tell you that Lea Thompson starred in Wag the Dog which is a comedy.
No, I don't have that information, but I'd love to help you with that.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a great movie. Have you read it?
It is a mystery genre
Stan Lee was a great writer. He wrote a lot of sci-fi movies.
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in the Revenge film, Memento, and also in the movie Revenge of the Fallen.
It is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote the sequel The Dark Knight Rises
He wrote the sequel The Dark Knight Rises
I'm sure that you will enjoy it.
I am not super familiar with them, but I did hear they were the Runner Up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Which team do you like?
Not sure. What sports do you like?
I don't think that's the year that they play at Lambeau Field. They were the runner ups in the Superbowl.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that yet?
Did you know Victor Hugo was not only a writer but a film producer as well, he wrote The Invisible Man.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books but a similar genre you might like is Z for Zachariah.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy starred Peter Krause.
Deadpool was released in 2012. It's written by Douglas Wicked and starred Seth Green.
You are very welcome!
Enjoy the film!
I don't know much other than he plays for the Belgium National Football team. Are you a football fan?
Soccer is the best. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. What sport do you like?
Yes she is one of my favorite actresses. I love her in the movie Spring Breakers
I don't remember his part in that movie, but I think he is a good actor.
I haven't seen it, I'll definitely check it out. Thanks for the information!
It's a comedy that was produced by Alonzo Mourning
I agree, John C. Reilly also wrote Step Brothers
It was released in 2009
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare
It's considered children's literature.
Yes, that is true. He wrote many classics including Romeo and Juliet and J.K. Simmons.
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG - a movie he acted in is rated R.
The movie was released in 2012
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do know that their coach is John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know that, I know he was a defensive back too. I think the Panthers were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII
That's right, he was a great runner up in Super Bowl XXIV.
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and John Travolta starred in it.
I love Rihanna. My favorite song is Remember the Titans.
I am not sure. But I know Taylor Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day, The Summer of Sam.
I highly recommend it.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
I prefer Pop rock and Indie rock.
I do as well, he is a very popular pianist.
No I haven't, but it was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary.
Yes I have seen that movie. Did you know he also wrote The Rum Diary?
I haven't seen Ride Along 2. Have a great day.
Are you looking for something similar to Harry Potter or the Philosopher's Stone?
Then you might like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read that?
Juraissic was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like him as an actor?
The Innocent which is also considered science fiction
Yes, he was, he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, but he did star in the X-Men: First Class
Some other stars include X-Men Origins: Tom Hanks, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken
Some other adventure movies are The Time Machine and The Invasion
Not that I know of
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. It's a young adult fiction novel.
That is an excellent Sci-Fi/Horror novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. And that was written by Winston Groom
I don't really follow football, but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
His position is midfielder
I believe they are doing well
I don't know much about her other songs. What is your favorite song of hers?
I have seen her in a lot of movies. I think he is a great singer. Do you like any type of music?
Yes, they are good, I know that Neeson is an athlete, he is a good athlete
Yes, I like his song Hero, it came out a while ago. Have you heard of it?
Yes he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure what was her latest album. Do you like electronic dance music?
I would recommend Villette and The Professor. Both are classic reads.
Well from what I've read, it's considered a classic in the U.S.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.d city. If you liked the reading of Jane Eyre, I think you'll enjoy the book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
There's The Raquin written by Robin Buss, it is a genre fantasy. Have you read it?
It was written by Monte-Cristo and was released in 1844.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you interested in the author or the genre?
Of course, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal and The Bone Clocks.
It's a Drama, similar to Last Night in Montreal.
You are welcome.
Are you referring to the book written by Rick Yancey?
Yes, he wrote the Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, that is correct. He also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
If you like Robert Jackson, you might also enjoy the book The HOund of the Baskervilles.
It was written by Edward Zwick
The Second was released in 1867
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Are you interested in the movie or the movie?
If you like historical fiction genres, I would suggest The Notebook and A Walk to Remember. Both are excellent.
Of course, Sara Shepard and Reese Witherspoon starred in it as well.
Of course.
Is that the one written by Jamie Ford?
That was released in 2013
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. The Chamber of Secrets is also written by John Grisham
I do! If you like Batman Begins, you should check out The Dark Knight or The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Sure, have you seen The Civil War? It's a classic!
I'm sorry I don't show any other movies that he was in. He was in The Civil War and The Civil War.
It was written by John Grisham. Are you interested in other books by him ?
You might also enjoy the next in the series, The Mists of Avalon, or The Green Mile.
The Pelican Brief is a good one written by James Patterson. It's a fiction novel.
The only thing I know by Margaret R. Higonnet is Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Would you like recommendations?
Yes he did. He also wrote a non fiction piece titled Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891
Robert Galbraith also wrote Silkworm
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
it has genre Fantasy
There is the next in the series Harry Potter and the Goonies
The genre is Fantasy Fiction
your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
No, it was written by Dr. Seuss.
There is a movie called Angels & Demons
Yes, he starred in a lot of good movies. He was in The Queen, The Black Dahlia and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure of that one, but he also wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
I don't know, but he is a great actor. He's also in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Then you might like The Polar Express, which is also a great Christmas movie.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he was born in Oakland
I like the player on the NBA All-Rookie Team
He is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers
Sure, do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any examples but J.D. Salinger also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam, a classic.
I know they are a K-Pop band from South Korea. Are you a K-Pop fan?
I don't know a whole lot about hip hop. Is that something you'd be interested in?
I don't follow her music, but I'm familiar with Shakira. She's a great singer.
I believe it was written by Ann Brashares
I don't know the year it was released. But the same year that The Poisonwood Bible was released.
I haven't read that one yet, but I'll definitely check it out.
I also recommend the Xenocide and the War of the Worlds.
Enjoy!
Looper stars Noah Segan, who also starred in Chain Letter. Do you like his movies?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure! A Beautiful Mind was written by Margaret Mitchell. It's a a Thriller and a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also directed The Missing Person, which is a horror film
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
Tony Goldwyn has starred in the movies such as The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Supremacy
Someone Like You is a comedy.
You're Welcome
It is a great book written by J.D. Salinger.
Franny and Zooey was also written by J.D. Salinger
Franny and Zooey
I don't know much about football but I know he was born in Argentina
It was released in 1960. Do you like that kind of book?
No it is not that the same year that White House Down was released
Have you seen Afraid of Ghosts? It's classified as a drama.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you interested in that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical Novel that was published in 1987.
Yes, they are both fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They play the Patriots today. Are you a football fan?
I'm a Packers fan myself. They're currently playing the Patriots.
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
I've read a lot about this book. It was released in 1595
I haven't read that one yet, is it a good one?
Would you like me to send it to you?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I do know they were runner up for Super Bowl XVII right?
Not really, but the Patriots have won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I like the Patriots in the Super Bowl XLVIII which is pretty cool.
Sure! Do you like Spike Jonze? He directed that movie.
The main star in the Jurassic Park movie is Nicholas Cage, the main star of the movie is X-Men 2 and 3.
I'm not sure of the release date for Jurassic Park III but the movie was released in 1990
You're welcome
I agree, she is a great singer. I love her friends friends as Taylor Swift!
Yes, I like her as well. She is a very good actress.
I'm not sure, but I know there was a tv show Valentine's Day
Isn't that a comedy?
Downfall is a war film written by several people including Taudl Junge.
That's a great war film! Apocalypse Now is a war film that was released in 1997. That was written by Andrew Keef.
I'll add that as well.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I do not have any suggestions for novels such as Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
Of course, Wolf Brother is also considered a Fiction Novel, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a family drama. It was released in 2014
Yes, he is. Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph?
Yes! That was a great movie. It stars a lot of different actors, including Lord of the Rings, Christopher Bigsby, Kiran Shah.
That's correct. He's a great actor. He was also a voice actor in the animated film The R&B.
I'm always happy to help.
The only thing I know about them is that they were the runner up for Super Bowl XVII right?
I like the Dallas Cowboys a lot. Who do you think will be in the NFL?
Tony Romo is a great player. Did you know he is also a football player?
Yes I do! Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson was in the film The Royal Tenenbaums. Its a very good movie, have you seen it?
Do you like Owen Wilson as a minor role in the movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer in London.
I don't have any stats for him. I do know he's also a Football player.
I am not sure if he's good or not a golfer. Do you follow golf?
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of these?
Yes, she wrote The Waves, The Return of the King, and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read any of these?
That was released in 1927.
Sure. Sending it now.
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard
He is on the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
No I am not that familiar with this sport. What sports do you like?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
Time Bandits is an action and adventure film. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome.
Oh sure. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies and Public Enemies.
Yes, he directed the movie, Public Enemies, which is a drama.
It is considered a thriller and action film.
Frances Mayes is a great college football player. Do you like soccer?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was made into a movie.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know much about her other than that she's a singer. Do you like her music?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Oh wow, i'm not sure what else she is in
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I know Roethlisberger is an athlete, but I don't know him. He's a football player, right?
She also wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
I don't have any other books by her. However, Shadowland is a fantasy. Would you like some other fantasy books?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Shadowland is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team
Do you have any favorite football team?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know he is a good athlete.
Dead Poets Society stars Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. Do you like his movies?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote The Martian Chronicles.
I would suggest watching Dead Poets Society. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
He is an actor who starred in quite a few movies. One of them is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he wrote it together. Did you know that J.K. Rowling who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it was made into a movie starring Ian McKellen.
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert. Would you like more recommendations?
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera wrote a similar book called The Iliad.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a great book! It was written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon, have you seen the movie?
The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity's Shadow. Scarlett Johansson starred in it. Do you like the story?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite classics. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption
Of course! James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopola.
Yes, it was, it was released in 1999. James Mangold also directed Walk the Line.
I'm unsure if that particular movie won any awards but James Mangold won the Tony award for Best Original Score!
The only Romance film I can recommend by Johnny Cash is The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote Tender is the Night. You might like that.
Another book written by Gatsby is Vampire Academy.
Well, it's a fiction by Charles Dickens. Do you like that author?
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Sci-Fi
I'm not sure about that
Ron Clements
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ. Have you seen either of those?
The Return of a Man Called Horse was released in 2003 with a genre of Fantasy and Action.
You're welcome
He wrote The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors. Have you read any of them?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Rob Riggle is an actor that starred in Unaccompanied Minors
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and The Civil War. Have you seen either of those?
They were both hilarious. Are you interested in Ned Bellamy's movies?
Yes he is. He was also in the Dark Knight Rises
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is an action and adventure film starring Neil Gaiman.
Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Did you see him in The Aviator?
I think that is a great movie also starring Christian Bale and Christopher Nolan
I definitely agree with you! James Cameron also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is in the genre of Romance/Comedy. Would you like to hear similar movies in that genre?
Well, 50/50 has been in a lot of movies. One of them is Apocalypto. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in The Girl Next Door and Under the Never Sky. Have you seen them?
Don't mention it
Yes. They are part of the NBA.
Washington Wizards are correct. What sports do you like?
I haven't seen that one but I did hear he also starred in a movie called Space Jam
Yes, I do. She wrote These happy Golden Years and The Little House Collection. Have you read either of these?
These Long Winter is a novel that was released in 1953. The Long Winter is a Novel that was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction, I would suggest Wuthering Heights or Xenocide.
Sure thing. I'm sure that you'll enjoy this book right now.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
I haven't seen any of these dramas, will that be good?
Sure Garden of Beasts is considered a drama and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a great movie, have been made into a movie yet?
It was directed by David Ayer. Do you like drama?
It is a fiction/fantasy book released in 1988
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Jim Belushi has been in a lot of movies. He was also in The National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
The Pacifier was released in 2003 starring Jared Leto
You're very welcome.
It's a fashion movie starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
Al Pacino, Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Jeremy Renner
The Passage and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
The movie was directed by Lana Wachowski
It was released in 2011
You're welcome
Sure thing. One such movie is Then Came You, The Next Best Thing or The Dark World. Have you seen either of those yet?
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder.
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the World Cup
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is also a Midfielder and a Forward.
Robert DeNiro was also born in Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced As Good as It Gets
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson who also starred in Terms of Endearment. Does that interest you?
That one was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery.
You're welcome
I know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
The team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite Tyron Brackenridge?
I am more of a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, she plays badminton and was born in Hisar (Indian district)
That's right! The 2012 Summer olympics was the year that released The Running Man and The Pursuit of Happiness. Did you know that?
I'm a huge fan of football. Do you like football?
He's from India. He's a swimmer, right?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote Two By Two, and The Wedding. Have you read either of these?
It was released in the English language.
He also wrote The Notebook, True Believer and The Notebook.
Yes, he was a screenwriter for the film.
Yes, he is a very famous person. He is also a musician as well.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Roger Avary
Kill Bill is a sequel of Pulp Fiction. Pulp Fiction was released in 2006.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
Your welcome hope you enjoy it!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed Despicable Me 2. Have you seen it?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
Charlie Hunnam and Gentlemen Broncos starred in Gentlemen Broncos.
No I'm not familiar with Gentlemen Broncos.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Kit Kitt Runner.
The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner are the same genre as The Kite Runner.
You're welcome!
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Shel Silverstein and was released in 2013.
Yes, he did. Veronika is a science-fiction novel released in 2011.
I'm not sure what directed The Pilgrimage, but I do know that he directed The Pilgrimage.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Have you read those?
I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you it was a drama.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more?
It was released in 1925. The Great Gatsby was released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a similar book in that genre.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is the author of Benjamin Button. Would you like more information about this?
It was released in 1925.
If you like a thriller, The Fighter is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. Have you seen it?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the Young-adult fiction genre?
I would recommend The Truth About Forever, also written by Sarah Dessen.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Me too! He directed The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
That is a great movie! Some of the stars include Steve Kloves and Jess Harnell, Stacey Keach.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete.
I don't know much about cricket. Are you a fan?
No I am not so familiar with them. I just heard they were a good team.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tessa Thompson, Choi Min-sik, and Rupert Everett
Glad I could help
Hope you enjoy it
Yes it is a great book written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was made into a movie?
I actually actually don't know what genre it is. It is a Fantasy movie so I think it is pretty funny.
That's a good one! It also has a genre of Fantasy and Animation.
Well, if you like Red Riding Hood, I would suggest The Princess and the Frog or The Princess and the Frog. Both are excellent reads!
Of course! The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It was released in 1903 and is a classic!
Sure. White Fang and The Sea of Stories are also great fiction books.
Its a great book that was released in 1905.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire. It was released in 2011.
I agree, that is a great book. It was released in 2012.
If you enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice, I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy!
enjoy.
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, he was
Yes it is, Meet the Parents is a comedy produced by Ryan Roach
You're welcome
I don't really follow football, but I do know that the Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill
The Bears are currently playing the Cowboys. Are you a Bears fan?
Right now they are #1 at the NFC West. Who's your favorite team?
That was written by Toni Morrison. Were you looking for more books by this author?
So you may like The Day After Tomorrow. That's a great historical fiction.
That one stars a lot of different actors. It's considered Action/Adventure, comedy, and romance film.
I love her music! Did you know she is also a model?
I am not sure but I know Liam Hensworth is a great singer. I think he is a songwriter too.
I do too. I like Nicolas Sparks too.
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of this author?
Both are good books by Nicholas Sparks. The Notebook was made into a movie that was made into a movie.
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. It's a family movie.
Enjoy the book!
Sure! Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lions, Wildest Dream, and Three Cups of Tea. Have you seen any of those?
I would say both the genre of this movie is Action and Adventure. Do you like action?
Yes, it's a story about the Queen.
It's a drama that also falls under the genre of sci-fi.
Okay, i'm not sure about that.
Have you seen Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
Done.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like him?
I'm not sure what is the movie about this movie. However Fast & Furious is starring Vin Diesel.
I am not sure who starred in it, is there anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
Did you like the movie because it was directed by Roland Emmerich or because it was starring Scarlett Johansson?
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks, who also directed The Last Samurai.
I have not watched that movie, but I heard it was good. Are you a fan of its creator, Frank Miller?
He also starred in X-Men 2 and World War Z. Have you seen those?
I don't have any other information on him, but I can list out some other movies he's acted in such as The Hunger Games, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Are you familiar with the genre of this book?
I believe you might enjoy The Sirens of Titan. It's a classic.
Yes. Apocalypse Now is also written by Arthur C. Clarke.
You as well!
The basketball player who plays point guard yes he is good
I didn't know he was a point guard too. He was a great player as well.
I didn't know that! Isn't he a point guard too?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer. I love his music. Do you like his music?
I do not have that information, is there a certain genre you are interested in?
Yes that is correct it is a screenwriter.
I'm not really a fan of their coach, John Starks. Are you a fan?
I did not know that! Are you a fan of The Madison Square Garden?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact for the Philadelphia Eagles
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
That also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Warren Ziegel also produced American Pie. Would you like to see it?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I haven't seen it. Especially with Robert Downey Jr. as a writer.
I don't know if he acted in that movie. But he was also in Zodiac.
All of them are classics by the way.
I think they are a really good basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team.
I didn't know that! I'm a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith. I'd love to watch that one.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a funny movie. I've seen him in a long time with Jada Pinkett Smith.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a classic!
Yes, it was. That was the same year that the one released You Are Not So Smart was released.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar authors, I can recommend Madame Bovary.
I'm always happy to help.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. what else can i do for you today?
Penn Badgley, Lori Singer, and Liam Neeson starred in it.
He also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen and The Secret of Moonacre
No, isn't she married to Mirka Sharapova?
Isn't she a tennis player too?
Good Deeds is probably one of my favorite romantic comedies.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
All The Money in the World was directed by Matthew Vaughan and released in 1981
I don't know what else he wrote, but he also directed Apocalypse Now
You are welcome
Shakira hasn't released a new release, have you seen her movie Friends with Benefits?
I'm not sure, but I know she is a celebrity friend to Tyga
It was the Grammy for Best Original Song of the Year
I love Coraline! My favorite film by her is The Passion of the Christ. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline, you should definitely check out The Chronicles of Amber. It is an animated film.
Perhaps you would like something based off of a book series by James Patterson. It is the same genre is an animated film.
Wicked City is a a Thriller/Sci-fi produced by Christopher Hitchens.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
Wilson Rawls is an American writer best known for his novel Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He has, one of his most famous works is Cassandra Clare
It was released in 1975
Your welcome
your welcome
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, he actually wrote A Walk to Remember and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of these?
The Best of Me, The Notebook was actually turned into a movie. It's a classic!
You're very welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851
That's right. It was released in 1851 along with The House of Seven Gables
You're very welcome
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature that was released in 1960.
Yes, he did. There was also a movie starring Peter Mensah
Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a Drama/Fantasy genre
Some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Fassbender, Elina Alminas, Sense of Snow, Michael Fassbender
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. He was born in 1998 and he also wrote The Last Don.
You are welcome
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance is a great movie starring James Franco.
I am not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that Aron Ralston also starred in The Lorax which is a thriller and drama.
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy it is an action movie
I dont know the answer for that
It is a horror movie I suggest watching if you are interested
Rosario Dawson was in that one
your welcome
The sequel to Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is Avengers: Infinity War. Have you seen that?
He starred in the movie The Perfect Score, which is also a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't really follow soccer, but I know she has a relationship with Tiger Woods
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He wrote Die Verwandlung
I do not know the genre but I can tell you it was released in 1915
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I haven't seen it, is it an action/adventure movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is the main character in the Psychological Thriller, have you seen this movie?
Yes, he was in that as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
I think you'll enjoy it
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming
Casino Royale is starring Ian McKellen. Would you like to know more about it?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series written by Robert Wade.
You're welcome
Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer also wrote Toy Story 3.
Charlize Theron has been in many great sci-fi films including the Avengers: Age of Ultron and the Avengers
You're welcome
It is a science fiction action film starring Matthew Vaughan
Taxi Driver is an excellent thriller starring Taxi Driver. Would you like more recommendations?
I don't have that information right now, but you should check it out
One of my favorites is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by J.J. Abrams and is a Speculative Fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, he wrote the novel The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in the year 1922, the same year that Yertle the Turtle was released.
Yes, isn't she an author of The Diary of a Young Girl?
Sure, there's The Three Musketeers, written by Anne Frank, and a film called The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it was released in 1851, the same year that  1.  1 is written by Anne Frank.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars: Episode III?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in What's the Worst That Could Happen that year. Have you seen that one?
I'm always happy to help.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated movie.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the comedy What's the Worst That Could Happen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War. Do you like Drama movies?
Yes, this movie is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and Julia Roberts.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Angelo Pizzo. He also directed The Good Girl which is a romantic comedy.
I know that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa Bay, Florida. The team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Oh, I didn't know that! He's a linebacker!
I agree! Have a great day!
I agree, He is one of the most rated players of all time
I love golf. What sports do you like?
The New England Patriots. I love the New England Patriots
Scream is a Thriller starring Scream. Another Thriller starring Scream is Scream.
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 2 and Scream 3
You're welcome.
You're welcome
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
It stars Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
It is a science fiction thriller.
Yes, it was written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote the Young-adult fiction. Do you like cornelia Funke?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz, Tintenblut, and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Cinderella is a romance novel.
King Kong Kong was written by Kong Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson.
She has starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Time Machine. Have you seen these?
The Painted Veil is a historical period drama released in 2011.
You're welcome
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
They are listed as Sci-Fi and a Comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
Tori Amos starred in the comedy The Five Love Languages of Children. She also starred in the TV show Stuck on You.
I'm not a huge fan of his, but I can tell you he's a songwriter, he's also a musician and a musician.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
Sure, he is a great author. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Is that the one written by Philip Van Doren Stern?
I'm sorry I don't have the information about it
She's a great actress! She was also in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released 1958
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Russian language
I do not have that information
i'm sorry i don't have the answer for that
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence and is a crime drama. Do you like this genre?
It's a crime fiction.
It was written by Liane Moriarty. Would you like me to send it to you?
I'm sorry I don't have the answer for that.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
What is the Oakland Raiders doing this year?
I know very little about tennis, do you like tennis?
Sure! Are you interested in movies that comedies or movies in general?
Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like Dramas?
Between the Line is a good drama starring Tammara Webber. Do you like dramas?
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
Great! Do you need anything else?
Great. Have a nice day.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen this film?
I am not sure about that, but The Good German is starring Steven Soderbergh. Would you like to know more about Steven Soderbergh?
He has been in quite a few films, such as The End of the Affair and The Good Girl. Steven Soderbergh directed The Good German and The Good Girl.
No problem, enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in V for Vendetta. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
That was released in V for Vendetta in 2011. It's a science fiction/fantasy.
You're welcome
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this what you had in mind?
If you like Gothic fiction, you'll like Wuthering Heights. It's a classic.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
I can! Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction. Have you read either of those?
That is a great book, it is a historical fiction
I would recommend Return to Paradise. It was also released in 2010.
You're welcome
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Science Fiction genre
No problem
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you interested in either of these?
Oh I see. I don't know of any other works by Robert Louis Stevenson, but Charles Dickens and Charles Dickens influences. Are you interested in their work?
Yes, that is a Speculative Fiction.
Yes, that is a good story.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was the producer for the Longest Yard too. Other films he produced are The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Adam Sandler, Adam Sandler, and Adam Sandler also starred in Grown Ups. Have you seen that one?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by Albus Dumbledore. Have you seen the movie?
The Tales of Beedie the Bard and The Cuckoo's Calling are excellent books by him.
It is young adult fiction. Have you read Harry Potter?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a book by Newt Scamander.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and was written by JK Rowlings.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is speculative fiction that was written by JK Rowlings.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a crime drama starring Robert Downey Jr.
Have you seen Shackleton?
You're welcome
He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am more of a fan of the Spanish Football team. What sports do you like?
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to the Monkey House.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in Midnight in Paris
It's genre is comedy.
I haven't seen murder mystery, but I heard it was good.
That is the only one I have from her, would you like me to recommend?
Do you like the author Mansfield Park because it is a Fiction or a Romance novel?
Persuasion is written by Catherine Smith. Would you like to know more about her?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a Crime Fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I don't think so, but he starred in a romance film called Friends with Benefits.
That's right. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband which is a comedy.
He is a great tennis player. Did you know he was in the Olympics?
I watch a lot about tennis, but I don't really follow it. What sports do you like?
I agree, I enjoy watching the Olympics, what is your favorite sport?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The same author has written Inkheart, Cornelia Funke also wrote The Sword in the Stone.
No, but I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Sure! Are you interested in Horror, thriller or horror genre?
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i answer for you today?
Matt Damon and Christian Bale star in that movie. Do you like either of those actors?
I don't, but Evangeline Lilly produced Real Steel.
Did you like the Untouchables because it's a thriller?
If you like Crime Fiction, you might like The Usual Suspects or The Longest Yard. Both are excellent films by the same director.
No problem. Enjoy
I also like the movie X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
I don't know much other than he's a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Are you into Musical theatre genre?
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Water for Elephants, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I did not know that. Is he a football player?
I don't know much about soccer, did you know he was born in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote the Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Its a coming of age story
Your welcome
I know it was released in 2013. It was written by Kiera Cass
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The One, The One, and The One. Do those sound interesting to you?
I'm sorry I don't have the producer information for The Guard.
I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you that he is more of a drama or a drama.
That was a great movie. Do you like Biographical movies?
I am not sure what other movies he's written, but Aaron Sorkin directed The Social Network.
It's an excellent movie, actually. It came out in 2012.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the High Castle.
It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it
Sure, There is a movie called Welcome to the Monkey House that is also a great movie
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Mark Twain, who also wrote The Adjustment Bureau
He is one of my favorite movies. He's been in a lot of movies including The Good Doctor and The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also directed The Young Messiah.
You're welcome
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite classics. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Sea of Stories.
It was released in 2014. You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements, and starred Tom Hanks. Are you interested in movies with him?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements, and starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to see it?
The Princess and the Frog was released in 2013 and is in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
The Sun Also Rises is a popular one by Ernest Hemingway.
Two good stories by Hemingway was also written by Ernest Hemingway. He wrote To Have and Have Not.
The Last Man and the Sea was released 1929.
Enjoy the movie!
Ok.
I think he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I don't have the answer for that, but I do know he is a quarterback and a Point Guard. Do you know him?
I'm not much of a fan of comedy, but I do know that he was in the movie Space Jam
Isn't Young Buck the best comedy of all time?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I am not sure, but I can tell you White Oleander was in a book that was released in 1999 as a movie. Would you like to hear it?
It's a Western film that was released in 1999.
Yes, A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
The weight of Narnia was also written by C.S. Lewis and is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
They're a basketball team. Are you a fan?
Oh, yes! The Madison Square Garden is a hilarious comedy written by Mike Woodson
I like the Hornets a lot, one of the most popular players of all time, one is a fan of Aaron Rodgers
Sure, he wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie.
The first book was released in 1997.
You are welcome, goodbye.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Alonzo Mourning?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great book.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete that plays football. Are you a soccer fan?
I didn't know that. Isn't he on the Germany national football team?
I don't know much about football but I do know he is from Germany.
I agree. He has a good stats as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Rango was written by John Logan, he also directed Rango which is a sci-fi.
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
It is a thriller. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes. The Prestige also stars Christian Bale.
Memento stars Charlie Hunnam, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Christian Bale, and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in White House Down, The Dark Knight Rises, and The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is fantasy. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, Voyager is a great book in the Fantasy genre. Other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Are you interested in other books by her?
Yes, most of her novels are in the genre of speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I think it was released in the year 2014
Hmm, I'm not sure, but I know The Holiday was released in 2004.
It is a Romance/Comedy-drama Film.
yes Sarah Parish has a lot of thriller movies. Two good ones are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Zodiac.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth
WALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie! It was written by Roland Emmerich and Mark O'Brien.
SALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
The Last stand is the sequel to X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: First Class.
Yes- State of the Union stars Hugh Jackman, who also starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman starred in it.
I'm not sure off the top of my head. But I do know it was released in 2008.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Other books similar to Will Grayson include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that, but I can tell you other books he's written that year.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a children's book that was turned into a movie starring Hugh Laurie.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen that movie, but what do you know about it?
There is a movie starring George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Good, I think you will enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I am not a huge fan of football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about SC Freiburg. Is he a great player?
He has starred in several movies such as The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read it?
It is considered children's literature. You might also enjoy The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, as well.
Yes, he starred in the movie Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, it was released in 2016.
Sure, I can do that for you.
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is the genre of China Dolls.
I am not familiar with that chinese Flower. What is the genre for Snow Flower?
You're very welcome.
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was written by Robert Rodriguez.
It is a great movie starring Robert De Niro and Dan Aykroyd.
It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006
Syeig Larsson has written a bunch of books including The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was released in 2005 and is a Romance Novel.
Your welcome.
My pleasure.
I know he was in the movie The Princess and the Frog a romance film. Do you like those types of movies?
Wicked is a Thriller/Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote that and it was released in 1975. Do you enjoy that genre?
Yes, it was released in 1975. I think it's a classic!
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard
He's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I like Ghostbusters. What genre are you looking for?
Yes he did. That was a funny one for sure.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with William Peterson and Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who was in The Fast and the Furious 2: The Lion, the Dead and the Furious
He was in A Man Apart from The Chronicles of Riddick and The Fast and the Furious 2.
You're welcome
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Winter of our Discontent. Have you read either of these?
He's a great actor. He was in What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Kernochan and Clark Gregg. Do you like her movies?
Yes he did and he also wrote What Lies Beneath
Yes it is a good one, would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I don't know much about them, are they a football team?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but the Giants and the Eagles. What team do you like?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
I have not read The Paris Wife and it was written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
It's about Paris Wife, who was influenced by William Shakespeare, who also wrote Circling the Sun.
You got it! Have a great day!
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Eraserhead starred Holly Hunter. what else can i answer for you?
it is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
That's right! The star of The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley.
It is a young-adult fiction
You're welcome!
Yes Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Terry George who also wrote The Secret of the King.
Robert Zemeckis wrote Long Walk to Freedom.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers is an excellent war movie starring Tony Kgoroge and Randall Park.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Rachel McAdams
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
Top Secret was released in 2001 and starred Seth Cushing and Jack Nicholson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ricky Gervais wrote that one as well as The End of the Affair.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a drama. Would you like more information about this?
It has a a recurring cast, including Randy Quaid, Billie White, and Noel Gugliemi.
Collateral Damage was written by Richard Kelly. It's a very good movie.
Collateral Damage is a great movie, enjoy!
She starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple. Have you seen either?
No, The Running Man is a thriller and The Thomas Crown Affair is an action movie
Some other great ones are World War Z if you'd like XXX.
You are welcome
I know that Hush Hush is a movie staring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Have you read Dreams of Joy, a Children's Fiction novel? It is also a book released in 2009.
Crescendo is a young adult novel by Becca Fitzpatrick as well.
You may also like the book The Gift written by Rebecca Stead
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. Would you like to know more about her?
The book was released in 2005
Your welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Drama films?
Yes he did. Escape from New York is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I can't remember if he was in that movie, but he was also in I Spy, which is a horror film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
I don't have any similar authors but I do know it was adapted into a documentary film.
I don't have that information, but he wrote the science fiction piece 'The Secret.'
He starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen them?
Your Friend the Rat is a 2001 American-Canadian Science Fiction film that was released in 2007.
I don't have the answer for that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze. Do you like him?
The BFG is an amazing family friendly film. You should check it out.
I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is in the genre of speculative fiction.
What do you think of Still Alice?
You're welcome!
It's a very good Neuroscientist.
Sure! He wrote the books The Legend of Tarzan and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, that's correct. The film starring William Hurt and Judy Greer. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and he produced The Martian Chronicles
You're welcome
He wrote Here Comes the Boom, which also starred Coraci. Are you familiar with it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That movie is a romantic comedy.
I don't know, but Frank Coraci starred in this movie as well. It's a comedy
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well Upon a Time in the West was a great crime fiction movie written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I'm sorry.
I'm always happy to help.
I know a little bit about him, he's a basketball player and plays for the Packers. Are you a fan of him?
The Order was released in 2005, the same year that   1
Woody Harrelson, Meryl Streep, and Phyllida Law
You're welcome
The Blind Side is an action/adventure film written by Philip Pullman.
I can tell you The Blind Side is based on a book that was adapted to film.
It was released in 2010 and stars Steve Buscemi and Sully Struthers.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Then you'll like The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Then you'll like The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes is also written by Cassandra Clare
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which was released in 1982
Yes, he did alongside Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I can't find that information, but if you like the genre you can try The Fault in Our Stars
You're welcome.
Mere Christianity is a Christian literature written by C.S. Lewis in 1952. Do you like the genre?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Abolition of Man.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon.
Not really, I know that he is a Beatles fan.
I have never seen the football game, what is the best player of the year?
I don't know a whole lot about football, but I know he had a song called the Valentine's Day
She's great! Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a novel that was released in 1999.
Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
That's a great song. Did you know that he had a relationship with Robert De Niro?
It is a great movie. It was released in 2011.
He starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Sure. Marc Forester starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Do you like horror films?
I'm not sure. However, it was released in 1998 and starred Nathan Lane.
You're welcome
Mockingjay is an American novelist, critic, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
I would recommend Xenocide or The War of the Worlds. Both are great books by Collins.
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, he is one of the most important player in my opinion. He was born in Cleveland and plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Jonathan Daton directed Little Miss Sunshine. He is a great actor. He also directed a lot of children's movies.
No, I am not sure about that. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine which is an animated film.
I'm not quite familiar with Fannyanny. She's a great actress!
You're welcome
Do you like Romance Novels?
The Notebook is a good teen drama. It is also a play written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it was also a play written by Nicholas Sparks.
Two By Two was also written by Nicholas Sparks. I think that is a good read as well.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also produced and directed The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more?
I do not know, but I know he produced The Matrix Revolutions
He was in Man of Steel, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but I know he was in a romance film The Cider House Rules.
Ricky Gervais directed Mystic River.
Mystic River is my pleasure, enjoy!
I do! He directed The Mechanic and The Mechanic. Have you seen them?
Did you know that he also directed The Mechanic 2?
He recently starred in Battleship with Anne Hathaway
ok
I'm sure you'll enjoy it
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, that one was released in 2012 and was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Drama books?
Of course. Emmerich also directed The Year of the Flood which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What is the genre of the book?
Jamaica Inn was released in 1937.
My pleasure.
I am not super familiar with them, but I do know that they were the Runner Up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Michael Brady is my favorite player. his team is the Dallas Cowboys though.
i think he is a good coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
That's good, they're always happy to assist you.
I don't know a lot about him. But I do know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz
It's a romantic comedy. It's worth a watch!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her?
I did, American Idol has genre Music and I love music by Clay Aiken
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Aiken is a film that also has Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure about that one, but I also loved her in the movie The Pursuit of Happiness
I can recommend the movie X-Men 2 and World War Z. Have you seen those?
The Watcher was written by Laeta Kalogridis and is a thriller. Do you like Joseph Sikora?
Yes, he did and he was also in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales.
You're welcome!
Me too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
Would you like a recommendation for another poet?
You're welcome
I know it was released in 2014 and written by Emily St. John Mandel. Do you like the author?
Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
It is a fiction novel
The Bluest Eye is a speculative fiction
Enter's Game was written by Tess Gerritsen
Your welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
The main star in the movie are Wes Craven, Michael Fassbender and Gerard McSorley.
You're welcome.
Sure. He directed both The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life, which is a great movie to watch.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that Andrew Stanton was in Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you'll like The Warrior's Way. Have you read that?
Of course! Harald Kloser also wrote "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Giver." Would you like more information?
You are welcome, enjoy!
He has starred in Playing for Keeps and The War of the Worlds. Have you seen either of those?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2009
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I have not. I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Bradley Cooper. Do you like thrillers?
Thekla Reuten also stars Anna Kendrick and Rupert Everett.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie, it also starred Peter Coyote and Elijah Wood.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote American Pie, which is a comedy and The Golden Compass. Have you seen this one yet?
I think he also directed American Pie, which is a comedy. Chris Weitz also directed American Pie.
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a good one. Have you seen The Passion of the Christ?
Sure, he directed The World According to Garp. Have you seen that one?
The Nightingale is a great book written by Paula Hawkins. Would you like to know more about her?
That is the only one that I know of by her. What else would you like to know about her?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the True Colors.
I don't know much about him. Did he star in The Expendables 2?
It's a very good movie. 2 was released in 2002 and stars Novak Djokovic.
You're welcome
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and he directed it as well. Do you like his movies?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by James Dashner who also wrote A Walk to Remember which is a Romance Film
Yes he did and that was released in 1957 as a children's literature.
Yes, they are correct. The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature that also has a genre Fiction and Children's Literature.
You're welcome.
I do, it was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is a screenwriter and actress in The Longest Ride.
No I am not familiar with Tiago Riani. What other movies he starred in?
Yes it is a Romance movie starring Matthew McConaughey
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
I think they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVII right?
Well, Laker is always fun to watch. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh wow, that's very interesting. I'll have to watch the Spurs once.
She wrote рат и овести, and рат и овести.
I do not have that information but he was influenced by рат и овести
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like the book because it's romance or because it's a romance?
Then I would recommend Post-Apocalyptic and Post-Apocalyptic. Have you read those?
Yes, it is by Sue Grafton and John Newbery.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not really a fan of the Washington Redskins. Who is the coach?
I don't know too much about Pete Rozold though, he's a good player though.
I didn't know that! What sports do you like?
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome.
It is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Are you a fan of this genre?
It is a fantasy novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Thomas Lennon starred in the movies The Pacifier and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes it is. It is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is a Crime Fiction. Is that the genre your favorite?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie and Little House on the Prairie.
Yes there is another book similar to Little House on the Prairie that you may like
Yes there is a similar book called Little House on the Prairie
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams. Do you like her?
No, I did not know that. What genre is that?
I didn't know that. But, I remember that Venus had a romantic relationship with Tiger Woods
The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about this?
That is correct. Ron Howard has starred in many movies. He was also in The Recruit and The Da Vinci Code. Would you like to hear more?
Yes, he wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno. It is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks.
There is a very popular one called Angels & Demons starring Tom Hanks
Some similar Dramas that are in the same genre are The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Glad I could help
I do! X-Men:Wolverine is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men: First Class?
Sure, I can recommend you The Wolverine, it is a sci-fi adventure movie.
I don't think so, but Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men: First Class.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a non-fiction genre. It was released in 1891
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
It was written by Gareth Stedman Jones. He also wrote Eyes Wide Open which was made into a movie.
Enjoy the book!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon was also in Walk the Line which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy them!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well it was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What's the Worst That Could Happen.
The Untouchables was written by John Grisham and stars Bruce Willis.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in the movie or the movie?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Wedding Planner is another good one. Have you read that one?
I don't really know a whole lot but I know they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are both popular movies of hers.
You're welcome.
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It is written by Robert C. O'Brien and is a Speculative fiction
your welcome
Yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
Fantastic Beasts has a genre of Fiction and Action. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he was in Hook Ya Crook. Are you familiar with his work?
What sport do you like?
Not off the top of my head. But I know he was in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1996 and the Unicorn was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy children's literature, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. It is a young-adult fiction.
I'm not very familiar with his autobiographies, but I can tell you he wrote the book The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm always happy to help.
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Are you a football fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
It was directed by Matt Reeves. Are you interested in other films in the same genre?
Stan Lee wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in Thor and The Black Dahlia
Iron Man 3 stars Robert Downey Jr Jr and Gwyneth Paltrow
Absolutely, have a great day
There is a young adult fiction called The Running Man, have you seen that one?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? He directed that.
They are great action movies. You might also like War of the Worlds or Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I believe it was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery/fiction genres. Do you like these genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Gone Girl is a mystery novel.
Yes it was. It was directed by Gillian Flynn and is a mystery.
That one was released in 2015.
I do! It's written by Bernard Hill. Are you a fan of his work?
It was a drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Transformers is a great movie starring Kenny Baker. Would you like to know other movies with him in that?
It's a great movie! It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also wrote The Pursuit of Happyness.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed the movie Artificial Intelligence.
You're welcome.
Certainly! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classic Elliot: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, it is a good read.
Yes, it is a vampire series that was turned into a movie as well that was turned into a movie as well.
I don't believe that, but if you like Stephanie Meyer, you should check out The Twilight series.
You're very welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Seven Psychopaths has genre Crime Fiction, do you like Crime Fiction?
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like the book because it was written by Billie Lettis or because it is a a drama?
Its a drama that also stars Eleanor Bron
You're welcome
You're welcome
He's an athlete. He plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I don't like golf, but I heard he also plays golf as a midfielder. Do you like Golf?
I'm not sure if Julie Bowen starred in anything else, I love her movies
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in The Situation and The Ice Harvest. Would you like more information about one of them?
Shailene Woodley and Damian Lewis also starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller and family film.
The 5th Wave is a Thriller/Horror
The Last Man written by Rick Yancey was released that year. It is also considered science fiction.
I also like science fiction books.
I recommend The Mysterious Island which is a mystery movie as well.
You're welcome.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
I can see her in the movie Valentine's Day, which is a great comedy.
I didn't know she was in that movie as well, did you know she was also in Hitchhiking?
He's a great actor! He starred in X-Men: First Class and in X-Men: The Proposal. Have you seen those?
No I haven't but I've seen the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to know more about Ryan Reynolds?
I like Ted. He was in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to see that one?
I'm always happy to help.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby
Isn't he also a singer?
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars: Episode III?
Yes he was, he was a star in it
He was in the X-Men 2 and the X-Men 2
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
It was directed by Steven Zaillian
Yes he did and that was released in 2009
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team
That one was released in 1599
Yes it was. It was released in 1830
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American filmmaker. He wrote There Will Be Blood and The Master.
I don't know much about Sia Furler, but I know she is a singer-songwriter.
No i don't have any songs by him. What type of music do you like?
Yes, he is a bit similar, but I like the song he did a bit tho. I'm not sure about that.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a drama and a comedy. It is a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
I'm not much of a fan of coach Ken Whisenhunt. Are you a fan of the team?
I would say they have a shot this year, one of the Superbowls.
I do! Isaiah Thomas played a point guard in the NBA.
I don't know much about the Nuggets now. What sport do you like?
I haven't seen it yet, thanks for the recommendation.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
It was released in 1626
Okay. Have a great day
She is a Romanian tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I do not watch women's tennis, but they do look like they do not watch the sport.
That's good to know. Did you see her in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell
He coached the Oakland Raiders and the Chicago Bears.
That's the year it was the Patriots runner ups.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a female author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was released in 1886, the same year that   1 .
That was released in 1886, is a thriller.
I heard The Prisoner of Azkaban was a really good horror movie, and it was written by Vladimir Nabokov.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sure that you'll enjoy it
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The film was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense movie that was released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Well I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Paula Hawkins
She did! She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
You are very welcome. Take care!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
The Invisible Man was also written by Bram Stoker. It's a horror novel from 1897. Do you like horror books?
It was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more horror books by that author?
He is also a horror writer from the United States of America.
Frances Mayes is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel that was published in 1999.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have, is there any other movies that you would like to know about?
I agree, I enjoy the movie a lot. Al Pacino was in addition to The Godfather Part II, have you seen it?
He was in the movie The Power of Six and The Son of No One. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Vampyres, I can tell you he was in a movie called The Godfather Part II
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is in English.
Yes! Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator, The Order, and Lionheart. Do you want to see more of these movies?
The Terminator, The Order, and The Terminator
Lionheart is a comedy and was released in 1999
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone also starred in that movie.
You're welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was released in 2014 starring Denzel Washington and James Lew to name a few.
Seven Psychopaths is considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
I agree. James Harden was great when he was playing for the LA Lakers.
I watch a little bit, I think he's a great player. I'm not a huge fan of the basketball but I do remember when he was playing for the Rockets. I think he's a great player
I know he's a shooting guard too! He's a great shooting guard too!
The Name of the Wind is similar to the Wise Man's Fear.
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other three?
Yes he did, he is the program creator for Superman Returns. Have you seen that?
I don't have any suggestions for horror genre but if you like horror films he has written all of the Alien series, he has also written All the Real Girls.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013. Does that interest you?
No, same year that The Rosie Project was released. Have you read that one?
Sure! Olympus Has Fallen is a great work by him.
Hugh Jackman starred in Olympus. He is a great actor.
A very good one produced by him is The Longest Yard which is a thriller and was also starring Sean Penn.
John Cusack wrote the adaption comedy.
I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I'm not sure about that, but he was in What's the Worst Dog which is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure if he is a friends with Will Smith, but he was in a romantic comedy called Friends with Benefits.
Sure, do you like books written by J.D. Salinger?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're very welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Yes, you are correct. The Shadowhunter's Codex was published by her too.
No problem, enjoy.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees but I do know that they're in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play at the World Series in the American League right?
I do not have that information all I know of
Oh wow, that's a very tragic tragicomedy
I don't know much about his music, but I know he was born in Houston and has had a long career
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't remember seeing badminton. I'm more of a football fan myself.
That's a beautiful country that is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I haven't, but I heard it was a good movie written by Spirit Bound
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee. It's a science fiction novel. Are you interested in the genre or the stars?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes it is, it is a fantasy starring Maggie Smith. Would you like to know more about this?
No problem.
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction genre
What genre are you looking for?
You're Welcome
He has written The Great Dune Trilogy
In that case, I recommend The Gift written by John Scalzi
Heretics of Dune is the next in the series The Lost Symbol and the next in the series is The Lost Symbol.
Sure, no problem!
Sure. Did you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Then you might like What's the Worst That Could Happen?, it is a children's movie.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz, have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great one!
You're very welcome!
Yes. Little Miss Sunshine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, if you like that, I would recommend on Flux: State of the Union.
You're very welcome!
I haven't read the book but I heard it was good. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't but I've heard it's an excellent book and I think it was released in 2011.
No, I haven't heard of that book. What genre are you interested in?
I will have to check it out.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a great day
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011.
I don't know a whole lot but I know Jamie McGuire was influenced by Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland and The Incredible Hulk
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Sean Connery was in that movie as well
Woody Harrelson was also in that movie
Of course. Joseph Heller wrote The Odyssey and The Sea of Monsters.
I don't know much about them. Is that a sport team?
Well, I am not a fan of the Nets. How about you?
I am more of a Lions fan myself.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal is an author. Some of his most influential works include The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a great movie that also stared Robert Downey Jr., Jake Gyllenhaal and Anthony Hopkins
I can recommend some good movies like Water for Elephants, which is a crime fiction film.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a good book. you should like it
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is. Other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars and The Polar Express.
It was released in 2004.
My favorite book is The Mists of Avalon, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The genre of this book is Fantasy and Children's Literature
The author is Philip Pullman who wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Cat in the Hates of Avalon.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Your Highness with Kirsten Dunst and The Avengers. Are you familiar with them?
That's a great movie, it also stars Bill Pullman and Debra Monk.
It is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! One of my favorites is The Girl Who Stood Up for Education. Have you read it yet?
The Next Best Thing is a Romantic Comedy-drama.
Glad to help!
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you like it because of the genre?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a comedy-drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode III - Attack of the Clones.
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
Did you know that it was released in 1876?
Yes, that is correct. Wicked Appetite was released in 2009 by Janet Evanovich.
I haven't, but I heard he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, have you read One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest? He wrote that as well.
Yes he was, he was the author of that one as well. He also wrote The Dead Zone which is a satire.
Ana Gasteyer starred in Leo Grisham. Would that interest you?
Mark Wahlberg was in The Dark Knight Rises, The Awakening, and The Unborn.
There are a lot of others that you might like. Is that a type of genre you enjoy?
I m not sure what movies they have acted in, but they also starred in The Shape of Water
I am not sure but they were both in the movie The Throne of Fire
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Arthur C. Clarke. Would you like to know more about this book?
The horse and his boy is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you read it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is a published in 1953.
I do! I know he directed The Princess and the Frog and District 9 which also starred Channing Tatum.
Yes, it is a thriller, similar to District 9 with Channing Tatum.
Yes, Kyla Pratt. She also starred in House Bunny.
You're very welcome!
She wrote Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you heard of either of those?
I don't have any other songs, but I know she is a good actress. Call Me Maybe was on the Voice.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a football player on the Mexico national football team
I don't have that information, but I believe he is also a forward and a midfielder.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
If you like comedy movies, I would recommend There's Something About Mary and its more of a comedy-drama movie. Both are excellent.
I'm not sure about that. I know Jim Carrey was in theout of Jim Carrey movies.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's from Chicago and plays for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if he play again, but I heard he's a great athlete
I don't like basketball either. What sports do you like?
Of course! Lois Lowry is written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, she is. Do you like the author Lois Lowry? She wrote Anastasia Krupnik.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twitts, which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
He wrote The Twits, which is also part of a series.
Yes this is a fantasy novel as well as a fantasy. Would you like to know more about this?
I'm not sure what year it was released, just the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
This book is part of a series called The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction. You might like The Fault in Our Stars.
Absolutely!
Yes it was written by John Grisham. Are you interested in more books by him?
It's an action adventure if you like that genre.
Enjoy!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956 in the year that released The Last Battle
The Last Battle was released in 1956. That was the same year The War of the Worlds was released.
You're very welcome.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Does that sound interesting to you?
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You are very welcome.
OK, glad to help.
Sure. She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All of which are very good movies!
That's great, it also stars Anne Hathaway.
That's a great movie. Did you know she was in The Hunger Games?
Spears is a drama/mystery.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2008.
Yes that was the year that released You Are Special: A Modest Proposal
You are welcome glad i could help.
I love her! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and a Songwriter, too!
I don't know that, but I think I've seen her on the TV sometimes. Are you a fan of Ariana?
Yes, that is a Woman is a Woman. Would you like me to send it to you?
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Do you like his movies?
I am not sure but Wayne Brosnan also starred in The Fountain which is a comedy too. Have you seen it?
Yes, Lelie Dixon also starred in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Bourne Identity was written Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. Do you like this genre?
Yes he did and Fair Game was directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
If you enjoy thrillers, I would recommend Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're very welcome
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and All My Son
It was released in 1953, the same year that The Crucible came out. The Crucible was released.
Have you heard of To Kill a Mockingbird by Christopher Bigsby? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Do you like Drama movies?
You're most welcome.
He is a basketball player from Long Beach, California. Are you a fan of him?
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you that Robert Downey Jr. also plays for the team.
He played point guard, but I'm not sure about his position.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen either of these?
It is a crime fiction genre
your welcome
It was released in 2011
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
Have you read The Matrix Revisited?
He directed the movie V for Vendetta, it is a romance film.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington and Scott Glenn. Do you like war films?
It is a crime fiction film that was released in 2013.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Fiction.
Yes, he starred in that movie. It is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year
No, I don't have movies that he has directed but did you know he also directed The Hunger Games?
Fool's Gold is written by Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did, he was also in Fool's Gold, which is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I do not have information about the book but I can tell you he is a cartoonist who wrote the original
You're welcome
Taxi Driver is an excellent action thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Sure. If you like Taxi Driver, you might also enjoy Apocalypse Now, you might enjoy that one.
Enjoy the movies!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, did you know he was player for the Uruguay national football team?
Yes he did. Liverpool is one of the best football teams of all time. Do you like football?
I don't know too much about soccer. Are you a fan of the sport?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. The Patriots compete in the National Football League as a member of the NFL.
The Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Prisoner of Azkaban.
No I am not sure about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
That's right. J.K. Rowling was also in that series too.
Sure! O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Roger Avary
The movie stars Orlando Bloom-- Do you want to know about the genre of this film?
No problem. What is the movie you are looking for?
You're welcome.
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by this author or genre?
That is a great story. If you enjoyed that, you will also enjoy The Glass Castle.
That's a tragic and tragicomedy. It was released in 1945.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure thing! Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is an adventure film.
Ponyo stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also wrote the movie Ponyo.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information.
You're welcome
I don't know too much about it. I know he's a Table Tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow him?
I am not too sure about that. I do know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
2004 was the year that the London Olympics were released.
The Giants were runner ups in the 2010 World Series right?
I am more of a baseball fan myself. What sport do you enjoy?
I think Rangers is a good team, I don't know much about football. What team are they playing?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I'm more a fan of American Football. What sports do you enjoy?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you enjoy?
Horse and His Boy is a Speculative fiction and drama. It was written by Terry Pratchett.
Are you a fan of the speculative fiction genre?
Youre welcome
Sure, it's a great historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, if you like Susannah Grant, you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife. It was made into a movie too.
Okay, I think you'd enjoy it. She also wrote In Her Shoes which is a comedy film.
Thank you.
Good, I am sure that she's a great writer.
What do you think of the book?
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's also a thriller and is also a thriller. Another movie you might like is The Mists of Avalon by Dean Koontz.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but it was released in 2005.
She wrote many books, including Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, and King's Speech.
Pride and Prejudice is a speculative fiction novel by Jane Austen.
It is a a great movie starring some famous actors from Sense and Sensibility, Jane Austen, Jodi Picoult, Jodi Picoult, Jessi Klein, and Jessi Klein. It is a satire.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
Then you might like What's the Worst That Could Happen? starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Divergent was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
I can recommend The Mists of Avalon and the Law of Nine.
Me too! She wrote The Proposal which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Do you like Sandra Bullock?
It is a romantic comedy
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret of Joy. Have you read either of those yet?
It's non-fiction. Do you enjoy reading those types of books?
I believe You Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery novel. Have you read it?
I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
That's a great Thriller. It also starred Peter Mensah. I highly recommend it.
I love Ralph Fiennes, too. He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of famous films including The Good Doctor, The Nightingale and The Good Doctor
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Reign of Assassins.
It is a thriller and adventure film.
You might also enjoy The War film starring Robert Downey Jr., it is a war film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama. Are you interested in any of these genres?
He was in Madagascar 2 and was born in Olympus.
You're welcome
The Stand is a good one. Have you seen it?
I am not familiar with that, but Anna Kendrick produced The Worlds End.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you he directed Shaun of the Dead.
I'm sure that's the weekend.
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
That is also the name of the team name of the team, one of my favorite basketball team is the Lakers.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
The only thing I know about him is that he was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about tennis but I know he was born in London
I didn't know that. Is that the sports that you enjoy?
I agree that would be a great sport to follow. I wonder if it was a good sport to watch.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes! Walt Whitman was a journalist. He's also a journalist as well.
I believe it is classified as children's literature. You might enjoy Winter's Tale.
You're welcome.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
I love The Fast and the Furious, do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I do know he passed away in 2011
He starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information about one of these films?
The Truman Show is a romantic comedy.
My pleasure.
No, I haven't. Isn't he an athlete on the India national cricket team?
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a Fiction piece. Want something related to that?
I Still Dream About You was released in 2012
I do not have any suggestions for a psychological thrillers, I can recommend something else
You're welcome
That's a great movie! It was written by Joel Cohen and is a great animated movie.
That's the saddest toy story and it is written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Okay, I can tell you that it is the first in a series called Toy Story 3 and the next in the series is A Bug's Life. They are both great.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Absolutely! Memento was written by Jonathan Nolan, who also wrote The Lost Continent, The Lost World, and The Ground Beneath Her Feet. Would you like more recommendations?
Vanilla stars Seth MacFarlane and Danny DeVito. It was also considered a psychological thriller as well.
You're very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, he wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy.
You might enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage." Both are considered historical fiction.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote "The Valley of Horses" and "The Plains of Passage."
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book.
He wrote Vespers Rising and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like books written by Rick Riordan?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
I'm not familiar with him either. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a midfielder as well?
not really. are you a football fan?
i also love him. what is your fav player?
The movies that were produced by Jerry Bruckheimer?
She wrote Pretty Little Liars. She wrote the Heiress in 2014
Yes, that's right. The only one i know about her is that she wrote it, you should watch it!
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I have not read National Treasure. Was that written by Oren Aviv?
That is a great movie. The Family Man was released in 2009.
That is also a Romantic Comedy starring Kate Walsh. This is a Romantic Comedy
I'll add it now.
You're welcome
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Fiction genre
The novel was published in 1931 and is a fiction novel by A.A. Milne.
I know that she is an athlete that plays for the Chelsea F.C. and the Manchester United F.C.
That's the same year that the Green Bay Packers won the championship twice
No, I am not sure. I do know that the team is part of the National Football League, the United States Football Conference.
I do not have that information.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a great coach. What do you think?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Buddenbrooks: Verfall einer Familie
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes he did, he also wrote a book called The Hero of Ages as well that was released in Radiance.
Yes they were, NARUTH was also released in 2009.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it
It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downy Jr., he also starred in Zodiac and The Dark Knight Rises. Are you familiar with either of those?
If you enjoy crime Thrillers, I would also recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron. Both excellent films in my opinion.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it.
Sure! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen any of those?
Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men 2 and also The Usual Suspects.
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I don't like super hero thrillers, he was in a lot of movies such as Shark Night, xXx, and Zulu.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That was a great movie. It's a action/adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was also in The Happening if you're interested in more of his movies.
I think you'd enjoy the movies I recommend The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers.
Glad to help!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure.
Adventure Adventures, has an amazing cast consisting of thrillers of the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnasus
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like romance novels or family films?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is in the Romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a great actor.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like this actor or genre?
Mastering the Art of the Art of French Masters was released in 2005. It stars Arthur C. Clarke. Are you familiar with her?
Great, enjoy the books!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Shelters of Stone? They are both Historical novels.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie was in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen it?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. it is a comedy.
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote Lolita.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is considered a children's literature.
Perhaps you would like Poirot Experiment or Fierceress, which is a classic from 1887.
Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn, Gillian Flynn. She's a great author. She wrote the series, Dark Places.
The Scar was released in 2000 and is a fiction genre, do you like fiction?
It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Do you like his work?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Do you like dramas?
The King and Man on Wire is a drama/fantasy
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like books similar to this one?
I don't have any more suggestions about Ronny Cox. But Tombstone is an excellent actor that also starred in it.
He was in a lot of movies including The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe and The Invisible Man.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Yes, it is a horror novel, similar to The Count of Monte Cristo.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was published in 2008.
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like Animation, this is a great movie for you.
There's also the sequel to Brave, which is also a sequel to Brave, which is also a sequel to Brave.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know much about soccer, is that a sport you enjoy?
Yes and Luis Fabiano also plays for the Spanish Football team.
Yes he wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set #1
Yes. There's a movie called The Shadows, which is a similar movie to The Mortal Instruments.
It's a drama that also stars Anne Hathaway and Rupert Everett.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of cricket, but I know Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians
I don't follow cricket, but I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't think that's their current player. However, one of their current players is playing for the Mumbai Indians.
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read any of them?
Yes it was. That was the same year that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I am not sure of the exact date but I can tell you that If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he the one that wrote Wild Cards?
I'm not sure about that, but Wild Cards was written in English.
I love Perfect Chemistry too! Have you read this one?
Harold Ramis is best known for starring in Stripes, some movies he's been in are What's the Worst That Could Happen? a romantic comedy
Since you like Harold Ramis, you should check out Funny People. It's a comedy as well.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie starring Bill Murray
I don't have information on that, but I know he is an author.
Are you interested in any of the author's work?
She also wrote Beowulf. It is a fantasy novel that was released in 2010.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. Have you read it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and The Notebook.
Nicholas Evans also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember. Both are good books.
It is a drama, similar to True Believer.
Absolutely!
Do you like the dallas cowboys? I think they are a great team.
He was a great tight end for the Cowboys. Are you familiar with his work?
Yeah, they are very talented. Would you like to know anything else about the Cowboys?
He is an Indian cricketer and an athlete. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire along with Reese Witherspoon
I am not too familiar with that in Indie film, would you like me to recommend other horror films?
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird, which is fiction.
Yes, both were written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No. I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
No, I haven't heard of Serena Williams, but I heard Serena is also a tennis player.
I love him! I especially enjoy his old school Maroon 5 songs. Do you like him?
Yes, she is. Bahati Prinsloo is one of my favorite singers.
That's a good one! It was released in 2013, the same year that   1 and 2 was released.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
Kick-Ass is a Thriller.
It was released in 2015. Nicolas Cage produced and directed it.
Nicolas Cage starred in a thriller called Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a thriller and Nicolas Cage was in Lord of War.
He is the first star and also starred in Lord of War.
You're welcome
Yes he's a good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, Zakir Hussain is a great songwriter. I wonder if he is still alive.
That's very cool. Padma Shri was one of my favorite songs from him.
The movie Inside Man is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
Then you'll like Zooey Deschanel, which is a thriller he stars in.
Its a classic Western film starring Denzel Washington and Arthur C. Clarke, who also starred in Ugly Truth.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, that is one of my favorite movies. One of my favorites is The Next Three Days written by Steven Zaillian
Yes, I can. Do you like Liam Neeson? He stars in The Mask of Zorro.
I do not have much information on Schindler's List, but i can tell you that he also starred in a romantic comedy called the Harry Potter series.
No problem.
Do you like the genre of the book or the movie?
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations.
Then you should check out The House of the Seven Gables or The Painted Veil.
Sure. Have a great day.
Sure thing! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is an award-winning book written by Mark Twain. It is also a children's literature. Are you interested in family books?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento.
Unfortunately i dont have that information. However, La sombra del viento was released the same year as La sombra del viento.
That's great, I hope you enjoy!
Sure, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know she is an actress who starred in The Muppets.
I do not know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Muppets is a drama produced by Susan Sarandon
The Muppets is a musical comedy that was made in Spain
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
He was born in Baltimore, isn't he married to Lamar Jackson?
Of course!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other books in the genre of Young-adult fiction include The Chocolate War, The Time Machine and The Bone Clocks
Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Speculative fiction and Science Fiction.
Other books in this genre include The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and the Silence of the Lambs.
I do! Lois Lowry wrote it.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
The Giver is a science fiction book that was released in 1994.
Christopher Bigsby was written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of that?
Have you read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or do you like Wes Anderson movies in general?
There are so many great books to choose from but a good choice is The Sworn Sword. Have you read that?
Well, it's a film starring Denzel Washington, who also starred in Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone.
Of course! I hope you like it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
Pulp Fiction is a drama, released in 1994, starring Rupert Everett and Roger Avary
He is also a popular writer on the TV show Serena.
I don't have that information, but I know Silent Hill is a horror movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that movie?
She starred in the movie Aliens. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome
I do! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I don't have a preference, just dance music. My favorite song is What Happens in Vegas. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure about that one, but it's a classic!
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2005 and The First Man in Rome was released in 1955.
The House is a great one written by McCullough and is a drama.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you seen these?
The Last Crusade was released in 1997
River Phoenix was in the Last Crusade alongside Michael Byrne Johnson
your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling or do you like the genre of this book?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk or the Harry Potter series?
You're welcome
Sure, Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel. Have you read either of those?
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there is no English version.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is a Thriller starring Dennis Lehane. Do you like Thrillers?
I do! The Muse is also starring Joe Pesci and Debra Winger. It is a comedy/drama that was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
I love that movie, have you seen Despicable me 2?
That's a great movie starring Steve Carell. He also starred in The Power of Six and Monsters Inc. Have you seen them?
I'm sure he will enjoy it. You're very welcome!
Wilson Rawls wrote a series called The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and Other Satirical Works. Have you read them?
Susan Meissner wrote a series called The End of the Affair that is also considered young adult fiction.
You're welcome
Great, you're welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi starring James Cameron. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That was a great one with Tim Blake Nelson who also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You're welcome!
Well, I'm a Niner fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls. Are you a Patriots fan?
Well, Gisele was a great player, as well as Gisele. How about you?
I like John Lennon! He wrote The Yellow Submarine with Paul McCartney.
He's been in a lot of great songs. I think he's also a musician and a musician.
Ant Man was written by Stan Lee. He also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand.
I do not have any information on those movies, is there anything else I can help you with?
Then I think you may like Tropic Thunder as well which is also a great movie by the same author.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was a movie starring Tim Blake Nelson. Do you like Romance Films?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Shark Night is another movie starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by Steve Kloves
your welcome
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I don't really follow basketball, but I think he's a pretty good player. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, that's correct. He's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
Space Jam was released in 2012 and starred many famous actors of that time including Michael Jordan. It was a good comedy.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has a genre Science Fiction and Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
Yes the Packer is a football team.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Sure! Robert Duvall starred a few famous films like The Apostle and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
The Apostle starred Harrison Ford, Farrah Fawcett, Martin Scorsese and Jeff Bridges. It was released in 1997.
You're welcome.
I know he's married to Shaun White. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I don't know that information, but I know he was also a musician as well.
I don't know what else he's in, but I wonder if he was in Snow White and the Huntsman as well.
Total Recall has genre Sci-Fi. Would you like titles related to genre of this genre?
If you liked the Sci-Fi X-Men you might enjoy The Last Stand or The Avengers. Both are excellent sci-fi films.
Mark Margolis stars in that movie as well. It is a great science fiction movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a good athlete. Another good player is Tom Brady. He's an excellent player too.
I haven't seen any of these movies. Wesley Snipes was in the movie Wildcats. Isn't he a good actor?
I haven't read it, but I heard it was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like her work?
Yes it is a paranormal romance
The Vampire Academy series is part of a series
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It's young adult fiction.
The very hungry caterpillar is a young adult fiction written by the same author, Hunger Games. Are you interested in more by that author?
Yes. He also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Are you a fan of this genre?
Another great children's book is The Sneetches and Other Stories.
I am not sure what else he wrote, but the children's book was released in 2004.
He wrote a children's book called The Perfect Score.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and Wild Orchid.
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love. She is a great actress.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
I don't actually have that info unfortunately I do not have that information
Mike McCarthy is one of the most important players of all time
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian
The Historian is a great horror book that was turned into a movie. The Scarlett Johansson was also in that series as well.
I do not have that information but I can tell you she was a British writer who was influenced by Tom Wolfe and Vladimir Nabokov.
You're welcome
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, they are all children's literature that are similar to Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes it is. Just like A Little Princess, you should check it out.
Absolutely, enjoy.
My favorite player is Warriors. How about you?
I don't remember his last team, but I do know he was in the NBA Rookie of the Year Award
I've heard a lot about the Greek Freaks, but I don't like the Greek Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did Wonder Boys was released in 1985. Did you know Wonder Boys was also a film adaptation of the film?
Yes, they are together. I am sure that Linkin Park has a long list of things together. Do you like them?
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction written by Cormac McCarthy who wrote a gnarly movie, No Country for Old Men.
There is a series Post-Apocalyptic fiction that is also considered science fiction. Is that of interest?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally writes speculative fiction as well.
I don't think so, but he did write science fiction books as well.
You're welcome
Do you like Tom Hanks?
Did you know Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do?
Yes, Larry Crowne is considered a Drama and a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
She's an author who wrote The Virgin Suicides. Do you like her?
I didn't realize she was on Saturday night live, but I do know that i also like her. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I'm not really a fan of satire but i like the satire show he starred in a lot of TV shows like Saturday Night Live which is a comedy. Do you know of any other satire shows?
I'm not sure of the invention of Lying, but I know the Invention of Lying was released in 1847
I don't have that information, isn't it?
Yes, she's a great athlete. Are you a football fan?
I believe he's a football player from the United States of America.
Yeah, she was born in Los Angeles in the United States. I am not sure of her.
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, I don't listen to her music much, what is your favorite song of hers?
Oh, that's right. I know a lot about Paul McCartney, Paul McCartney, wrote Yellow Submarine, which is a comedy.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. Do you like thrillers?
It was. A great movie by Beatrice Sparks was also released in 1997.
No problem, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury is an American writer correct? He wrote The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of that?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Another example is The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, they were written by Ray Bradbury. He also wrote Wintersmith.
You're welcome.
I'm always happy to help.
I do! He directed Freakonomics. Have you seen that?
Scarlett Johansson starred in Freakonomics. Do you like her?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer. What sport do you like?
Yes, she is. I'm a huge fan of hers, like Selena Gomez.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to genre?
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote Total Recall and he also stared in The Terminator and The Judgement Bureau. Have you seen those?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role of the Expendables.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature that was produced by Gail Carson Levine
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature written by Gail Carson Levine
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Tempted?
William Lucking starred in this movie. Also in the movie The Return of a Man Called Horse
He was in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Fallen.
He wrote Madame Bovary.
That was released in 1856, the same year that  1.  1 is released
Zoe's Tale was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
No I haven't, but I heard he also wrote the book The Snatch
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
The Portable Atheist was written by Bill Bryson. It's a speculative fiction.
Yes, it's aaudio book.
Peter pan is a very popular one written by J.M. Barrie.
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie is the author of the play, M. Night Shyamalan.
No, I don't have any other questions, but I can tell you that he is also an author and a musician.
You're welcome!
Do you like Gothic fiction?
Wuthering Heights is a Gothic fiction book that was released in 1847.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens was a great writer. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
You're very welcome!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Of course! It is written by Richelle Mead.
I don't have that information, but Spirit Bound is a Young-adult fiction
I'd recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both are good books in the genre.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
That's the true story of a young girl who is on the rough streets of Compton
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh, I'm not familiar with that one. What sports do you like the most?
Haha, I am not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
As a matter of fact there is a book called Fantasy
your welcome
Yes, The Help was directed by Tate Taylor and released in 2012.
I believe so as well, he was a musician as well.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he was in The Help and a Psychological thriller film, which is a great film.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed the Animation film The Ninth Configuration
That's a great one one Robert De Niro which is one of my favorite musicals.
That's awesome! He's a great actor! He's also a musician!
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide
Yes, Pat Conroy is an author and a film producer.
Flannery O'Conroy is a screenwriter and author.
Wise Blood is a science fiction novel.
your welcome
Yes she starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in so many great films, such as The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen those?
Robert Duvall also starred in Weird Science. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more about her?
Pride and Prejudice has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
I know he wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
Some other book you might enjoy include Xenocide, The Nightingale, and The Rose Society. Have you read any of these?
My pleasure, enjoy!
He is a movie staring Matt Verhoeven. He was born in Robocop.
He was also a recurring writer on the TV show Entourage.
Total Recall has a genre of Science Fiction and Psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more?
Did you know that Snow White and the Huntsman was released in 2013?
Undertow is written by Sergio Leone. It is a drama film.
I don't have that information, but i can tell you other movies he's been in.
I do not have any other information on that movie at this time.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Simon McBurney.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this film?
Yes, he did! That was an excellent film starring Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
That is a good read! I think you would enjoy The Proposal which is a classic!
You're welcome!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles similar to this genre?
Tom Waits starred in Total Recall. Would you like more information about the movie?
Josh Hutcherson also starred in Total Recall
You are welcome.
I agree, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Bill Neukom.
Oh, I'm not a huge fan of this year. Who is their quarterback this year?
That's a great basketball team. What sports do you enjoy?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer. Are you a fan of Denzel Washington?
Sure. Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a very popular psychological thriller that was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a Table Tennis player. Do you follow her?
Yes, that's correct. He's from China. I haven't been there yet, but I've heard a little bit about him. Is he from China?
Yes, that's correct. He starred in Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights. Have you seen those?
He wrote the Adventures of Tom Sawyer
He also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Mark Twain is the author of Huckleberry Finn. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is part of a series.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a great book. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion is a fiction novel.
Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and stars Sam Elliott. Would you like to know more about this?
The genre is football/sci-fi. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which is a great movie you might like.
Yes he did. If you like Owen Wilson, he also starred in Zoolander. He was hilarious in it.
Yes, he was. Along with Russell Crowe, he also starred in Zoolander.
I really hope that you enjoy it.
I like the song Crossroads. What is your favorite song of hers?
Yes, that was a great year for her music. I think I'd like to listen to it.
That's a good one as well. I also like his acting in the movie Friends with Benefits with Benefits. Have you seen it?
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a catch Me If You Can is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Terminal is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks. You can also try Catch Me If You Can.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Steve McQueen directed The War Lover and The War Horse. Have you seen those?
It came out in 2002. My personal favorite is The Sands of Time.
Great question! The movie was written by Rick Riordan, who also starred in The Sand Pebbles.
You're welcome
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella. Do you like this author or genre?
George R.R. Martin wrote it.
The Tales of Beedie the Bard and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
That was made in Oz. The movie was released in 1937.
Thank you for the information.
Yes that is correct and it starred Denzel Washington
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, this movie was released in 1997
Yes, he is one of the best player of Manchester United F.C.
I'm a huge fan of football. What kind of sport do you like?
I didn't know that! He's a great player as well. He's a wonderful person!
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. Do you like him?
The Fugitive was a great movie, have you seen it?
Of course.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like that genre?
Stephen Chbosky starred in that movie.
Yes she was. She also starred in The Skeleton Key.
He also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, It is written by Anne Rice and it is a Thriller
Tom Cruise also starred in the Vampire Diary
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team
I'm more of an AFC West fan myself. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Yes they are a goof team. Are you a fan of the Dodgers?
That's right. The San Francisco Giants have won a World Series of Super Bowls.
I'm more of an AFC North fan myself.
I do! Are you a fan of Anne Hathaway? She starred in that.
Then you'll like Aline Brosh McKenna. He's a great writer.
Enjoy!
Sure, he has starred in such films as Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, that is correct, did you know George Metcalf starred in Treasure Planet?
Hugh Jackman starred in that one as well as The Son of Neptune.
Sure! William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Return of the King, and The Hunted. Do these sound interesting to you?
It's an action adventure film. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know any other thrillers, but if you're interested in watching a thriller, he also starred in Shark Night, which is a horror film.
You're welcome
She's a great author. She wrote The Good Earth which is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like the movie Black-White?
No problem, enjoy.
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like soccer and football. What about you?
I love watching tennis. Which sport do you like?
Are you a fan of his? He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
I don't know, but he directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Charlie Hunnam stars in that one. You're welcome.
Alan Arkin also produced My Soul to Take. He's a great actor.
Yes, you are right. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Her current ranking is No. 1 on the WTA Tour is #1 on the WTA tour now.
You are welcome.
Oliver Relin wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was an American filmmaker. He was best known for directing the films The Three Musketeers and the Throne of Fire. Have you seen either?
Absolutely, he was most famous for writing Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. He also wrote Tropic Thunder which was released in 1971.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature written by Gail Carson Levine
Yes, she has also written The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
Yes it is Fantasy it is a great read as well
Tombs of Atuan is also in the Fantasy genre, The Two Princesses of Bamarre was released in 1982
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I do not know who he is a quarterback
Would he be considered a free agent?
He is a football player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
He's on the Argentina national football team.
I agree, they have quite a few good players. Their Forward Gareth Bale is very good.
Yes it was released in 2004 and written by Jeff Kinney. Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul
Yes, it is a romantic comedy written by John Grisham and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is a war thriller written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
He's written a bunch. Apocalypto is actually a remake of Apocalypto.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and Richard Connelly, who also starred in the Passion of the Christ
You're welcome!
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction, Dystopian fiction and Adventure. Are you interested in books in those genres?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and Divergent.
You're Welcome
Yes, that was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It is a Romantic Comedy
I am not sure. But I know she is a writer.
It is a Fiction genre.
That was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
Cool. The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney.
If you like Philip Pullman, you should check out The Goonies. It is also written by Ian McKellen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed Cuttroat Island which has a genre of Romantic comedy
Yes, he also directed The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he directed The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium.
Well, Shakira Furler is probably my favorite since he dated Hayden Panettiere, but not one of my favorites.
That's a great dance music artist! Did you know Ricky Martin starred in the movie The Color Purple that he produced?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Great, one of my favorites is X-Men: The Last Stand.
I do not have that information, but he is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
I don't know much about her other than that she is a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I agree that Venus is great as well as her sister Serena
I agree, I would have to check those out, thank you
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Yeah, he is a good player
I'm not sure if he's in it too, he was one of the best!
I know he's an athlete on the Wales National football team
Not really, I am more of a football fan. What about you?
It is a great movie by Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I am not sure but it was released in 1969
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
OK, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this?
It is a Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Well from what I've heard, it was written by Sergio Leone. It was produced by Sergio Leone.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone, who also wrote Once Upon a Time in the West.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
The Passage starring Alice Braga is a drama. Have you seen it?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Duvall, and directed by the classic The Manchurian Candidate.
There is a new version of the movie starring Edgar Allan Poe.
That is a sci-fi starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in sci-fi or action films?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Yes he a DJ as well as a musician and a musician.
Andy Murray is a great player but I think he is one of the best players of all time
I like tennis. I also like Serena Williams and Roger Federer
I believe the Belarusian Tennis player was in the 2008 Summer Olympics but I don't know what year he played.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote a few books like You and Me and Dupree and Ariel. Have you read any of these?
It is a self help book
Your welcome
Well Rob Riggle has been in a lot of movies. He was in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors. Have you seen any of them?
I don't know the one song that sings, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you know that song?
Did you know that Jay-Marie won an Academy Award for Best Hip-Hop Video of the Year?
Sia Furler is a great singer-songwriter. I like Sia Furler, did you know he's also a musician?
I'm more of a fan of Sia Furler. I'm a fan of Sia's Song of Solomon.
Yes he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan of cricket?
What sport do you like?
Yeah, he was in that movie too. He was also in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life. Both great actors.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
That is correct! Bill Paxton also starred in Towers of Midnight, which is a really good film.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well as Sense of Snow. Have you seen it?
1989 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy Films?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a Science Fiction Film that also stars Aidan Turner. Have you seen it?
It's a Historical period drama that was released in 1997.
Yes Kevin Zegers was in Zoom. He's a great actor.
You're welcome
It was released in 2003 by Sophie Kinsella
She also wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl
Yes, if you like dramas you should check out The Wedding Planner, this is also a good one
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
He plays cricket right? I don't really watch cricket. Do you watch cricket?
I am not a fan of cricket but I heard he plays on the India national cricket team
I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
It was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery/fiction genres. Do you like these genres?
I don't think so, but Gone Girl is an excellent Mystery/Suspense book that was released in 2010.
I am not sure if it was released in 2014, the same year Sharp Objects was released.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a a Thriller starring Sophie Okonedo
Hugh Jackman starred in it. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. What's your favorite team?
That's great. I love the San Francisco Giants, but my favorite team is the Redskins
I've never seen it. It's pretty cool. I'll have to check it out. It's always fun to watch.
That's a good one too! Aaron Rodgers is a great quarterback!
It was released in 2013. That's a great year for football.
I sure do! Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. Both are great books by him.
Wayside School was released in 1989 which is the same year that Wayside School was released, have you heard of that?
It is young adult fiction. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not a fan of golf, but I know Phil Mickelson was in the 2010 Masters Tournament
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament
Yes, that is a great movie. Would you like me to recommend some other dramas?
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine
That's right. Wells released a few good ones like X-Men: The Time Machine and The War of the Worlds which are both Sci-Fi books.
I haven't seen it yet, is it a good movie? If you like Bill Murray, I also recommend The Avengers.
Your welcome enjoy
I do not have that information at this time. However you may want to check out The Time Machine if you like Sci-Fi.
I don't know much about him other than he's a Basketball Athlete, and a shooting guard. Do you watch him play?
I don't know that one, but I do know that Willie Green is an athlete that plays for the San Francisco 49ers.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner and John Steinbrenner
The Yankees play in the American League as well as the Atlanta Braves and the Atlanta Braves. If you like the Yankees then you'll like the Atlanta Braves.
Baseball is the most popular team in the American League East, have you been following this season?
Psycho is written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his work?
i know that Matt Damon and David Koepp both starred in this great slasher book. Do you like them?
I am not sure about his recent work, but I can tell you that Alfred Hitchcock directed and produced the movie The Trouble with Harry.
Is that the team David Beckham used to play for?
What is your favorite businessperson?
Yes, he acted in that movie as well!
Sure! Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone and stars Jim Carrey. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He starred in The Expendables 2 and The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen either of those?
No I haven't, but it is a Thriller/Crime Fiction movie that was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama and Thriller. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
I'm not sure what it's a movie he's in but he was in the movie The Good Doctor
Nicole Kidman, Seth MacFarlane, and Phyllida Law
He is also in the movie The Young Sherlock Holmes
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
It is a romance novel.
I suggest Wuthering Heights, a satire or a romance novel.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
He directed Jurassic World. Have you seen it?
It is an adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me too! He was great in Things Behind the Sun and The Waterdance Kid. Do you like those movies?
I haven't seen that one, is it a drama/fantasy?
Yes, it is. Starring Liam Neeson. Then you might like that.
That's really cool. I think I've seen a couple of different actors in that film.
I love them, I am actually not a fan of the Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I dont have a lot of information on Rowdy's number one on the mascot, but he was born in Honolulu right?
Have you been there? The Cowboys are 4 Superbowls in the AFC East.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ
It stars Harrison Ford, Lee Norris, Harrison Ford, and Harrison Ford. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you he was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
Gillian Flynn. She's a writer for Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn, he also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
Yes, he is a great writer.
I like science fiction. I'm more into the fantasy genre.
Great, enjoy!
He plays cricket right? I don't really watch cricket.
Isn't he on the India national cricket team? I don't know much about cricket. Do you like cricket?
I agree. I think a few cricket players are a very good player.
I haven't a long time but a good game for the sport. Do you have a favorite sport?
I'm more of an Athlete. Do you like cricket?
You too!
I don't know too much about them except that Leslie Alexander is the owner of it.
Looper is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock also stars Matt Damon and Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
Yes, it is a zombie movie starring Stephen King. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men: The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby is a drama and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the similar writer of The Great Gatsby.
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It is a classic.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, Drei Kameraden, and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure what they're in the English language. Im West West West West is written by Erich Maria Remarque and was released in 1945.
Yes, it does. I'd like to add Im West West to your list.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her other than that she is a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
She plays tennis. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, Williams sisters were the runner ups in the 2008 UEFA Champions League Final
Yes I love it. I'm also a fan of Serena Williams.
I agree, I love fashion. Have you watched the Superbowl?
I do! That was written by Tennessee Williams and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more?
I do not have that information
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
your welcome
Yes! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is part of a series. The next in the series is In the Woods.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote Thirteen Moons and The World According to Garp. Have you heard of either of those?
I don't see films he has directed, but he has directed several famous films like Thirteen Moons, The Silence of the Lambs, The Invisible Man, and The Messenger. Have you seen any of these?
The lead actor, one of the main actors, one of the main actors of the film is Harsh Times, a critically acclaimed film director, producer and film producer, directed by David Ayer, who also directed the movie The Nutty Professor
Sure, he starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige and The Dark Knight
No problem!
I'm not a big fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know that they were runner up for Super Bowl XVII
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, and Bears, Bears, and Bears, Bears and Bears.
My husband loves the Bears. I think the Chiefs are doing well this year.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Social Network starred Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is considered a Biographical Film
The Social Network was released in 2010.
2010 is the genre of The Social Network.
2010 is a sequel starring Andrew Garfield.
You too!
Of course! Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these?
I did not know that, but Tobey Maguire starred in The Mechanic and The Cotton Club.
He also wrote the movie The Ice Storm, which is a musical.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is a Young-adult fiction. Would you like to hear more about Inheritance Cycle?
You're welcome
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like it because of the author? She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld.
No, it was released in 2014. But, Sarah also wrote Assassin and the Desert.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure but I can tell you she was an English author of the book Persuasion.
Yes, I have. That one was released in 1817 which is considered a Romance novel.
I don't follow badminton, but I believe she was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays Badminton.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
I'm not sure. I do know that the team is playing for the Delhi Daredevils and the India national team.
Without Thinking was written by David Ayer. He also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and a scientist. Do you like scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do! Robin is great. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a classic!
Have you seen A Christmas Carol starring Robin Williams? It is also a good family movie.
John Ratzenberger and Cameron Diaz starred in it.
I'll add it now.
Homer wrote The Odyssey and Iliad. Have you read them?
The Iliad and The Iliad are both examples of this genre. Another good poetry is The Passion of the Christ.
Yes they are both great poems.
I like the Seahawks but my favorite team is the Rams. Do you have a favorite football team?
That's correct. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XLVIII?
No, but the Ravens have won a Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl II.
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
Shes a voice actor in the cartoon The Proposal. Are you familiar with her?
Yes Oceans 8 The Blind Side is a romantic comedy that was released in 1999
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It is actually the first book of the series and part of a series called Blue Moon.
Yes it is! It was also made into a movie that was released in 2010.
They are a basketball team in the NFL. Are you a fan of the NFL?
The team is owned by Woodson
I do not have that information but I know that they play in the United States
You're welcome
The movie was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell
I would recommend Minority Report, starring Colin Farrell. He also starred in Minority Report as well as In Bruges.
I heard Seven Psychopaths is one of my favorite genres. I think Seven Psychopaths is considered one of my favorites.
You're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. The team's head coach is John Fox
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that John Fox is a member of the NFL as a member of the NFL.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I have not seen that one but I heard it was very good. Gary is a great actor. Have you seen him in one of his movies?
I'm not familiar with that actor, but I heard he was also in The Crucible and The Killing Hour. Have you seen those?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes it is based on the book.
I haven't, but if you enjoy young adult fiction, you should definitely try The Giver or The Giver.
Of course!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
Oh, I forgot about that. Isn't he a DJ right?
Yes, that's the same thing, I really don't know much about Jordan's team.
Yes, she is a very famous author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
Yes, it's a great example of her poetry. If you like poetry, I think you should check out her novel The Art of Asking.
I think it was released in 1851, the same year that  1.  1 was released.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
I think она и мир is a great book that was released in 1869.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
This is the End is a romantic comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player from Chile? Do you like soccer?
Not really, what's your favorite team?
I have not seen it
Doctor Zhivago stars Spike Jonze and Meryl Streep. She's a great actress
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes, he did! Vespers Rising was released in 2011. It's a fantasy novel.
My apologies, I don't have that information, but The Throne of Fire is Greek mythology genre
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Historical fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
The only thing I know about him is that he produced the film Tyson.
Ray Bradbury wrote the Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of this one?
I would recommend Fahrenheit 451. Other books in the romance genre are Fahrenheit 451
The book was released in 1838
Sure no problem!
I don't know much other than he plays for FC Barcelona, right?
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
Haha. That was a great movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups too. He's a great actor.
Yes, she was. Frida was a very funny movie written by Peter Hyams.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath as a Director
Yes, Shark Night and Examples XXXVIII are good thrillers.
Great. Total Recall was released in 2014 was directed by Roland Emmerich. Great movie!
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics
Yes he is, he is from India.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was directed by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Iron Man is an Action Film starring Robert Downey Jr, Stan Lee, Edward Norton, and Chris Hemsworth. Anything else I can do for you?
He also starred in the movie The Avengers and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Then I would recommend The Incredible Hulk, a animated animated film starring Peter Mensah.
I sure can! He's a great writer. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination is a thriller and stars Sam Neill, Thomas Lennon and Daryl Sabara.
I don't have much information on the Butterfly Effect but the Final Destination has similar titles like The Final Destination and The Final Destination.
William Lee Scott also wrote Eyes Wide Sargasso Sea and The Skin I Live in
October Sky has genre Thriller, Drama, Sci-Fi and Comedy.
You are welcome.
I do like her music. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I am not sure, but I know that Britney Spears starred in it with Pauly Shore is Dead
It was a very popular film about her life.
300 is directed by him.
My apologies, it is considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
Xander Berkeley starred in that movie.
Xander Berkeley starred in that movie as well.
Definitely! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a classic Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 1
It starred Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and 2
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you should check out Pride and Prejudice. She also wrote Persuasion.
Correct. It was adapted from a film by Jane Austen. Would you like to see her film adaptation?
I know it was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, she has, The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
I'm not sure but they were made into a movie with Tom Hanks
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes thats a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch that one?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder and World War Z with Brad Pitt. Have you seen those?
You are welcome
I haven't heard much about them now. Who is their quarterback?
Not really, I am more of a football fan myself. How about you?
Yeah, I do like football. What is your favorite sport?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's a film adaptation of the book called The Tenth Circle. Would you like to hear more?
Yes, I think so. Anything else I can help you with?
I do! He is a midfielder and forward. Do you enjoy soccer?
It is definitely a fun sport to watch. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree, it's a good sport to watch. Would you like to know more about any other sports?
Sure,Libba Bray wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels. Have you read any of these?
The Sweet Far Thing is a fantasy and The Diviners is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm sorry I don't show any other books in the fantasy genre.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He is also a translator and a musician.
There is another movie released in 1998 written by Milan Kundera.
I think he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a member of the National Football League.
You're welcome
Yes she is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, Micheal Wie is a female athlete from Honolulu.
Wow i didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
Sure! Mike Starr has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Scarlett Johansson starred in the bodyguard. She's a great actress!
That was released in 1999 and is a a Thriller.
You are welcome.
I do, he starred in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
I think so. Do you know of any other songs from him?
I don't have that information, but I think he is still a musician.
Sure! Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass is a good Walt Disney movie. Have you seen it?
The Running Man and The Time Traveler's Wife are also good Adventure films.
Sure! Jojo moyes wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One.
It's a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Yes, it was a great book by him. Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I have read that one. It was written by John Steinbeck. I am sure you will enjoy it
I am not familiar with him but I heard he's a great tennis player
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I agree that Marat Safin is a great tennis player.
You're welcome
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Amazement. Have you read any of these?
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1893.
Yellow Wallpaper was a great read. Hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Subtle Knife?
Have you read Xenocide or Z for Zachariah?
Sure, no problem!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent and Insurgent. Do you like Fiction?
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story was released 2012.
You're welcome
I do! My favorite song by her is A Thousand Years. Have you heard of it?
Shackleton is a good one. You might like it.
I don't think so. Do you know a lot about music?
Sure! Do you like Thor because it's a thriller?
Sure. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome.
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote The Pact, which is a Speculative Fiction.
The book Where There's Smoke has genre Speculative fiction and was released in 2010.
It falls under the genre of Speculative fiction.
He is one of my favorite football players. He plays for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I do like soccer. What sports do you like?
I like the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania. The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
I've been a fan since he coached the Oakland Raiders. Did you know that he was a professional football player?
I'm not a fan of the Browns, but I heard he was a good athlete for the Browns. Speaking of the Browns, did you know he's from Cleveland?
He directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen them?
Yes he did and Peter Weir directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
I know that she is a singer and actress. I love the movie Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song. What is your favorite
Of course! Lois Lowry is a great book it's a children's book.
It is also written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes it is. Xenocide is a great example of Speculative fiction.
No problem, have a great day
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. Do you like her?
Yes, it was. It was directed by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in The Good Doctor and The Campaign. Have you seen either of those?
Some other great blockbuster comedy films are The Good Doctor and The Nightingale. Have you seen those?
The cast of Submarine is James Dashner
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
My pleasure.
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. Both great books!
It was released in 1996, the same year that The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was released. Would you like to hear more?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about this book?
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I like Nsync, and Backstreet Boys too. Are you a fan of their music?
I like them but I am not a fan of their music. How about you?
I think they are a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the NFL?
Yes, you are right. He was also a linebacker.
I like basketball and soccer. Do you have a favorite sport?
Sure, Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Other science fiction movies you might like are Zombieland, Last Action Hero and World War Z.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson. Do you like thrillers?
The Punisher is also similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is an excellent thriller starring Taxi Driver. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I haven't seen it yet, are you a fan of Robert De Niro?
Yes, that is a great one with Denzel Washington. That was written by Jane Austen and Elizabet Gaskell
You're very welcome!
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes, he starred in it. If you like Rufus Sewell, also check out Outcast.
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen this one yet?
The Pianist is a classic! It was produced by Ted Tally and starred George Clooney, who also wrote Winter's Tale
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that she has beaten Wozniacki before.
I did. That was such a great movie. Did you know that Serena is friends with her?
Arthur C. Clarke starred in American Gangster. He also starred in X-Men: First Class
I'm not sure where Serena live. How about you?
Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, there's Without Remorse, The Sum of All Fears, and The Hunted among others.
You're very welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read the next book in the series?
Trojan Odyssey was written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1999. I think it was a great read.
Of course!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 1997. The genre is Thriller.
You're welcome.
Pandemonium was released in 2012 and is a speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium was written by Dan Brown. Would you like other titles in the speculative genre?
It was written by Paula Hawkins. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know that she is also a singer?
Vanilla Ice was released in 1993. That's the same year that the X-Men series was released. That's the same year that Jane Fonda was released.
That is correct? I think he is a great relationship with Demi Lovato.
I'm not sure about that one, but I heard a lot of good movies like You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and The You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Burn After Reading stars Matt Damon, Josh Hutcherson, and Daryl Hannah. Would you like to know more about the movie?
No, I don't have that information, but if you'd like to see another movie written by John Malkovich, that's a great movie to watch.
You're welcome.
It is written by Fredrik Backman
Yes it is in the English language.
Of course! He wrote En Man som heter Ove. It was released in 2014.
Sure. James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others. Do you like Fiction books?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
That's a good one. It was released in 1942 and directed by Agatha Christie.
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like movies with him?
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne, it's a really good movie.
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed a lot of great movies including Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of these?
It is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Channing Tatum
Requiem of a Dreams was released 2012 and also starred by the movie The Wrestler.
Francis Ford Coppola directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Apocalypse Now stars Francis Ford Coppola, Thomas Lennon, Christo Jivkov, and Apocalypse Now
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for Apocalypse Now.
Mr and Mrs. Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
Unfortunately i don't have the genre of Date Night, which is a thriller.
Of course! Other thriller movies include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx: State of the Union.
You're welcome!
Yes she's the author of The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her books?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
Are you a patriots fan?
He's a great coach. What's your favorite team?
It's a sci-fi, are you a fan of sci-fi?
That's right, she's a great actress. Did you know she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Yes, he is Justice league.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Nicky Katt starred in the movie Who's the Boss?
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2014
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is the similar one
You're very welcome
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is starring Will Smith?
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it does have a film adaptation.
It was a German film. Some other great psychological thrillers I can recommend are The Sum of All Fears, and The Hunt for Red October.
I'll add it right now. Enjoy!
I know he's an athlete on the Wales National football team
Yes, he's a midfielder and forward.
Yes, Wales is one of my favorite football teams.
Sure! Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Are you a fan of his?
I love her music. Did you know she's also an actress?
I'm sorry, I don't know much about her. But I do know that she is a singer, a singer, and a musician.
I have not, but he is an excellent writer. Did you know that he is also a film producer?
I have not, but i know that The Silence of the Lambs was written by John Scalzi and is considered a psychological thriller.
I do! I love The Silence of the Lambs, it was written by Anthony Hopkins and has genres psychological thriller and horror. Do you like those genres?
Emily Griffin is an actress who starred in the movie The Princess Diaries
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie! Charlie Hunnam and Michelle Pfeiffer starred in it.
You're welcome
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
How about the book When We Were Very Young? It is also a historical fiction.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a series of books written by John Scalzi.
Your welcome
Not a whole lot, I know he plays for the Poland national football team
He plays the Midfielder
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
It was released in 2015 and is a drama/fantasy genre. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome. Enjoy the books!
Did you like the movie because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
I like Action movies too, Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie. It was released in 2011. X-Men: First Class was released in 2011. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I'm not sure who did the voice for that show. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn and she also wrote Dark Places, Rogues and Sharp Objects.
That's a great science fiction novel!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure? It was a great movie.
It was released in 2001 and starred Kenneth Mars, Paul Newman, Paul Newman, and Kevin Spacey. Would you like to know more?
It is a Fiction. Do you like fiction?
It is a Thriller written by Tony Tanner
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on another book written by Gladwell.
I am not sure about that, but I know Malcolm Gladwell has a nice voice.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed both Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is an action adventure. Do you like that genre?
The Throne of Fire and The Wildest Dream
Fair Game is starring Mike Colter, Dwayne Johnson, and Daryl Sabara
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed Amadeus, which is a biography.
Absolutely, would you like to know the movie list?
C.S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - The Lion, the Witch and The Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel released in 1951. It is part of the series The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953.
You're welcome.
He is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I am not a huge fan of cricket but I did hear he's a very good player on the team.
No, I haven't heard of him. What sport do you like?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I am not sure about the movies he has acted in but he acted in the animation The Good Girl
He starred in the movie The Voice which is a romantic comedy
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy his work?
Sure. He wrote One More Day, The Sum of All Fears, and The Million Little Pieces. Have you read any of those?
You are welcome.
Enjoy the book.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
he wrote the science fiction piece 'thether'
it is a tragicomedy
you're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football (soccer) team.
My favorite sport is American Football. What sports do you like?
I like basketball, what football team do you like?
Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is! He wrote "Go Further" in 2012.
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Of course! Other books in the series that you may enjoy include The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Winter Soldier.
He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure what else he wrote but he was influenced by Charles Dickens and George Clooney
It's a fiction.
You're welcome.
G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional football player. Do you like football?
Sorry I don't have that information, but it is a comedy written by Alden Ehrenreich.
Eva Mendes was also in the movie Perfect Sisters
Yes, American Sniper is a great movie written by Phillip Pullman. Do you like war or historical films?
Bradley Cooper was in the lead role in American Sniper: A Time to Kill and a Mockingbird. Another one of his popular movies is The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
It's a drama! It's a great movie!
You're most welcome!
Have you seen the movie The Wedding Planner?
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a horror movie.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale which is a great rom-com.
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale which is a comedy starring Nicholas Cage.
Sure. It's a comedy that also stars Robert De Niro.
That's correct. Katie Lowes also starred in Tangled.
You're welcome!
Yes, Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Tom Hanks wrote the animated version of Toy Story 3. That is a Romantic Comedy
Yes, a few of his comedies that I mentioned are Larry Crowne and That Thing You Do.
Larry Crowne is a Musical Drama. Do you like Drama Films?
I have a lot of great comedies that you might like. Anything else?
You too!
Yes I can. I would recommend Star Wars: Episode II - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in Gone Baby Gone which is a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
The film was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also produced Star Wars: Episode II.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. Do you follow the AFC North?
Yes, they won the Super Bowl XLVIII and the Super Bowl XLVII
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I am not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I think they are a pretty good at one time but it's been quite a while since they've won a World Series, right?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know that John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
Which sport do you like?
I did not see that one but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and A Princess of Mars. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
The Zodiac is a similar movie
you're welcome
Of course! Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
It starred Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, John Ratzenberger, and John Ratzenberger. It was released in 1985.
Did you know Nicki Minaj is friends with many celebrities including Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez?
I'm a fan of his. Isn't he a DJ right?
I am not a rap fan, so I don't show Woohooh's song. That's a pop music.
Are you referring to the book written by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
I do like fiction. It is part of a series. The next in the series is Xenocide.
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read any of these?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote the Lies of Dr. Seuss
The Lorax (Animation Film): The Lorax (Animation Film) #10
There is one animated book The Lorax (Animation Film), the third in a series)
Yes it is added to your reading list
I don't know much about them other than they were the AFC West team. Are they your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has also written Inception, which is a thriller as well.
Yes, he did. He's a great writer. He's written a movie called A Time to Kill and a Time to Die. He also wrote the movie.
You're very welcome!
I sure do! Ruben Fleischer wrote Gangster Squad which is a Horror film.
It was released in 2009
It is crime fiction genre
Your welcome
I've not read Luftslottet som sprängdes, is written by Stieg Larsson?
I'm not sure if that's the one written by Stieg Larsson. I'm not sure if he's a good writer but did you know he was released in 2007 in English.
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai and directed Yojimbo. Would you like to hear more titles?
It starred Yojimbo, Takashi Shimura, Hojimbo, and Ran. Yojimbo, just a few more.
I would recommend Toshiro Yojimbo, a great action adventure film.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movies
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a similar movie
Confessions : Musical Genre: Soul Music. Soul Music has genre Film. what else can i do for you?
Confessions a Thriller, Mindy Kaling is a good one. Anything else I can answer?
you are welcome
They're ok. Their coach is Wayne Weaver. Do you like him?
I like Basketball and Football. What is your favorite team?
That's great! Did you know the Redskins won the Superbowl last year?
Yes, I love Michael Jackson! He wrote The Wiz. Have you read that?
Yes, that was a good movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich, he also directed it.
Yes, He was also in The Girl Next Door and The Secret. Have you seen either of those?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Great, I think you'd enjoy Space Jam, which is a horror film. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt played the lead as the lead, and he also starred in Heart Huckabees
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like Baseball?
How are the Orioles doing this year?
I'm not sure. Are they having a good season?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure. Night Watch is a 1998 American superhero film directed by Roland Emmerich. He also directed Batman Begins.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes he stars in that movie along with X-Men 2 and Hugh Jackman.
That's a good movie! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing, which is a thriller.
He's the Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story
It was released the same year that The Way of the Gun was released
There are so many great fiction books that was released that year, such as The Time Machine and The Sparrow
You're welcome
Yes, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Are you interested in movies with him?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now, which is a classic.
Marlon Brando stars in a lot of great movies such as The Godfather II and The Apocalypse Now.
Great! Marlon Brando stars in a lot of movies, like The Godfather II, Apocalypse Now, as well as Apocalypse Now.
There was a great movie by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Godfather II.
There's a new one called The Godfather II that stars Marlon Brando and is a classic.
I think that the Green Bay Packers are a great team but I do not follow the NFL much. Do you like them?
Oh I know that Thorpe is an athlete! He's a great football player. What sport do you like?
That's awesome! The Philadelphia Eagles in Pittsburgh is a beautiful place, such as the New England Patriots and New York Giants.
I'm not a Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan. They're doing good this year. Who's your favorite team?
I'm going to watch the Bears tomorrow. Thank you for the game!
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They starred in Beautiful Darkness, which is a romance film. Do you like this type of film?
Certainly, that was released in 2013. It is an excellent movie. It stars Denzel Washington and Danny Huston.
The Namesake is a book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well it was based on the book written by the same author Jhumpa Lahiri
Xenocide is a speculative fiction written by Orson Scott Card and published in 1991.
I'll add it to your reading list.
Do you like movies that Thomas F. Wilson starred in?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in This is Spinal Tap. It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton was in The Christmas Blessing and The Christmas Blessing. Do you like country music?
His record label is Wonderland. Do you know he's in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
I don't know that information, but he was born in Nashville.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars. She wrote the Winnie-the Pooh series.
Yes, it was adapted from a TV series by Sara Shepard. It was released in 2009
I don't have access to that information, but I think you might enjoy The Tailor of Panama. It was released in 2007.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't follow soccer, I believe they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I love football. American Football. What's your favorite team?
I don't know if that's the best thing for college football. Do you like Army?
I don't know much about Pittsburgh Steelers then Jeffrey Ludlum is the owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers
I think the Steelers have a pretty good season this year
Oh wow, I didn't know that! He's a great player though.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Connery, Jeff Bridges, and Irene Mecchi. Did you know it was also a film starring Sean Penn?
I'm sure that you will enjoy it.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was the same year that   1 .
Yes she has a great job as well!
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards
Sorry, I don't have that information. can I help you with something else?
You're welcome
I love Defending Jacob. Have you read that one?
It is a movie too. Would you like me to send it to you?
It's a thriller
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like?
Moving Finger was released in 1867
No problem
Sure. William Shakespeare wrote The Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Of course! What You Will is a fantasy novel by the same author, William Shakespeare, is that the genre you are looking for?
You're welcome.
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
Headhunters stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Rory Kinnear, Benedict Cumberbatch, and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by the same author in the book The Kite Runner. Have you read it?
Of course! He also wrote The Kite Runner. The Kite Runner was a popular one.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a member of Whiplash.
If you enjoy Film Producer, he is also a director, he directed Whiplash and The Silence of the Lambs.
Film Produced by Chazelle and directed by Ang Lee. This movie has genre Psychological thriller, do you like thrillers?
You're welcome
You're most welcome.
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans also starred in the film, it's a very good movie.
Will do! Anything else I can help with?
I think he's a good friend with Woody Harrelson
I can tell you that he acted in the animation called Friends with Benefits
I did not know that one was on That 70s show. I also like Mila Kunis
Yes I did. It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It is speculative fiction.
The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird.
Then you might like The House of the Seven Gables written by Harper Lee as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery DeMunn. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
Will do, would you like me to add it now?
Yes, he wrote Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and action movie. Do you like that genre?
The stars of this movie are Ed Harris, Emile Zola, and Emilio Estevez.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you interested in other works by him?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Of course. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde sounds like a classic!
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the 1980s called Frantic. That was a great movie
Would you like recommendations about movies he directed?
It was released in 1999
Are you interested in the next in the series, Catching Fire?
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is an adventure fiction. Do you like adventure fiction?
Yes, that's correct, White Fang was directed by Jack London as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in the movie The Incredibles, which also stars Seth Rogan and Martin Starr.
Absolutely! James Franco also starred in Apocalypse Now, which is an excellent movie.
He also starred in the comedy Channing Tatum and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein,The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in this genre?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
I believe it is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
Fight Club is a thriller. It was released in 1999.
Brad Pitt, Jim Uhls, and Rupert Everett all were in Fight Club.
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues
He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, Drei Kameraden, and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, you are correct. He is one of my favorite thrillers.
Yes, Denzel was also in Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you seen these?
Yes he was. He was also in Training Day.
Yes he was. Volcano High was released in 2009 and was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome
Not really. I am more of a Mets fan myself. Are they your favorite team?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
I like the LA Dodgers and the Lakers. They used to be the runner ups in the 2000 World Series but haven't won since 2012.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2010, have you seen the movie?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2010 and also starred Stephen J. Dubner
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he did and he also directed the film and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. The Good, The Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon A Time in the West are also good movies in the same genre.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a thriller that was released in 1997 and was directed by Sergio Leone.
No problem, enjoy.
I believe he wrote Timequake. Would you like to hear of other books he wrote?
There is also a movie called Welcome to the Monkey House starring Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Then you might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld.
He's directed a lot of great movies. One of my favorites is The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like those actors?
That's correct. Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 2010, do you like that kind of movie?
Great choice! Some of the stars include Xander Berkerley, Michael Fassbender, and Judy Greer.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen these?
Underdog is a Drama/Fantasy film starring Matt Damon, Jeffrey Eugenides, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Michelle Pfeiffer and Jess Harnell.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
They are pretty good Gary Kubiak and owned by Jeffrey Lurie. Are you a fan of them?
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but the Philadelphia Eagles is owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I'm a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints!
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It also starred Rene Russo and Nicole Kidman. Do you like her?
Yes, it is a very popular one if you'd like to watch it!
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Would you like recommendations based on either of those actors?
I can recommend The Chronicles of Narnia which is a great movie you might like.
Yes, it was released in 2010. That was the same year The Incredible Hulk was released.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Roderick Thorp was in that movie. Do you like his movies?
Then you might enjoy Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis
I could recommend a movie similar to World War Z: The Time Traveler's Wife or The End of the Affair.
Sure, he also starred in many great movies such as X-Men: First Class and The World War Z.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
That's right, she is a tennis player from the United States of America.
She has also starred in The Wedding Singer and The Princess and the Frog.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is an action/adventure movie written by Hugh Jackman. Do you like this actor?
There is also a X-Men starring Ryan Reynolds, who is also a great actor.
That was a great movie, it was released in 2003 and directed by Huge Jackman, who also directed The Titanic.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. It is a martial arts film . Are you familiar with these actors?
He was a prominent actor in the film The Transporter. He was also a musician and film director as well.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Vampire Slayer is starring Eddie Izzard, and Bill Paxton.
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck also wrote The Town, the Children's Literature.
The Town is a horror movie starring Ben Affleck.
You're welcome.
I sure do! I know he wrote a book called on Flux and Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you read it?
It was released in 1856. Also written in English, it is a classic.
It was released in 1856. A movie released in 1856 with a literary realism genre that interests you?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you like Literary Realism, I would suggest The Brief War of the Worlds and The Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Clint Eastwood and Tom Cruise. Do you like these actors?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, one of my favorite Thrillers. J.K. Simmons was also in that one as well.
Auto Racing was released in 2010, did you know that he also starred in the movie?
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
I am not sure about Bruce Willis, but he was in Hudson Hawk.
I know a few good ones are World War Z and White House Down
Great , hope you enjoy the movie
I know he was a songwriter and song writer. Do you like him?
The only composer I know is Yertle the Turtle
I don't know much about Country music, but I do know he is also a musician
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith and Land of the Lost. Have you seen these movies?
Yes he was in Star Trek III was the Star Trek movie
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Are you familiar with their work?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld?
Journey to the East was released in 1985. It is a great book written by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, both Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson. He also starred in What's the Worst That Could Happen?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it
I do, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice & Virgil. Have you read either of those?
I'm more of an Athlete. I highly recommend it.
Yes, that is correct. Michelle Paver also wrote the film.
It is a good one. You should definitely check it out.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
The author is Robert Louis Stevenson,Dark phoenix,and the film was written by dr.
There is no information about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Then i also recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Are you a fan?
He is also a basketball player and played in the Manchester United F.C.
Not really, I know Steph Curry is a basketball player, do you follow basketball?
Sure, do you like Science Fiction or Psychological Thriller?
Yes he also wrote Teacher Man.
You are welcome
Is it the one written by Jodi Picoult?
A Walk to Remember is also written by Thomas Harris. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1997. It is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome
I think they are a good team, did you know Jose Mourinho is their coach?
I don't follow soccer. Who is he?
I don't follow soccer
Have you read The Sea of Monsters?
Sure, White Fang was considered Young-adult fiction. Another great one by that author is Wildwood Dancing and The Wild Life.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like these actors?
Yes, that is correct. It also starred Vivica A Fox. Are you a fan of her movies?
I think you'd like it. It's a good movie. It also starred Joely Richardson. You might like it.
Yes, Undisputed is written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and was directed by him.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It is a comedy that was produced by M. Night Shyamalan
It was released in 2009, the same year that   1 .
Yes, J.K. Rowling is an amazing writer. She wrote The Tales of Beedie the Bar and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read those?
He wrote the book The Tales of Beedie the Bar and The Cuckoo's Calling
There is a great movie called The Casual Vacancy that was released in 1818
There are so many great books that you may enjoy. The Tales of Beedie the Bard, The Time Machine and The Silkworm.
That's a classic, The Divergent Series was written by Veronica Roth
No problem!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Well, Shrek 2 was written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens
I'm not really a fan of the Mets. I do know that Fred Wilpon owns the Boston Mets. Do you like the New York Mets?
I'm not too familiar with that one, isn't it a football league?
That's the only one I know by LaGuardia, but the team is doing way better this year!
Thomas Lennon starred in the movies The Pacifier and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a TV series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than that she is an athlete from Barcelona, I believe.
I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong was written by Kong Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you enjoy Action Adventure movies?
He wrote the movie Lethal Weapon 3.
I am not sure
I'm not really a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
Oh, I've been a fan of the Panthers for a long time. Who's your favorite team?
Yea, he played football as well. He was a great player.
Oh cool. I'll add those to my list.
You're welcome
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that, is it a baseball team?
I do like baseball. Do you like sports movies?
I don't know much about him other than he's from Chicago. Are you a fan?
I do not know much about basketball
No, I haven't seen his movie a long time but I know he is a voice actor
It's a great movie! It was directed by Tony Tanner, and stars Men in Black.
There are so many great sci-fi films, like War of the Worlds and The Transporter.
No, I am not sure where it was received, sorry.
You're welcome.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, I would recommend The Dark Knight Rises or The Avengers. Both great movies.
The sequel Inception is Batman Begins. The Dark Knight Rises is the first movie in the sequel
your welcome
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Destiny, and Ship of Destiny.
It was released in 2005, the same year that The Mad Ship was released. That's the same year that The Golden Fool was released.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It has a genre of romance and drama
Z for Zachariah is a great example of speculative fiction
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand
I do not have that information but i can tell you it was written by Tony Kaye who also wrote The Firm of Life
Lake of Fire starred Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Costner
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote
Then you might also like   by E.V. Rieu.
The Flattered Poems is written by Roger Avary
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome
She also wrote If You Take a Mouse a Cookie and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes. Matt Damon also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie and It's a Mouse to the Movies.
You're very welcome!
I do! Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick, and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like him as an actor or writer?
I would recommend X-Men: Apocalypse Now, or Zodiac. Both of those are good.
The second book in the series is called Inception.
You're welcome.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Cotton Club is similar to The Godfather.
He's a great player. He plays for the Celtics right?
Yes he is. He's the current coach for the Celtics. Did you know he's from Boston?
I think they're a pretty good team. What's your favorite team?
Chicago Bulls : Next in series: Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Chicago Bulls. Are you interested in the NBA?
I hope they will make the playoffs. They're a good team
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
That is a good one, as well it was produced by Val Kilmer. If you like Nicholas Sparks I think you will enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Crescendo because of the genre of the movie or because it is a romance film?
Are you interested in the speculative fiction genre?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice, as well as Emma
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel by Jane Austen.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh, I love Warner Bros. Records. My favorite rap artist is The Meteora. Have you heard of them?
Sure. Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo which is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you enjoy that genre?
It was released in 2002 and directed by Andrew Stanton and is considered a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in it as well as Finding Nemo.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Correct, that's right, do you like Jennifer Hale's movies?
I have a couple good Family movies. The Pizza and The Chocolate Factory is a good family movie.
I hope you enjoy!
He is an Indian cricketer and an athlete. Are you a fan of his?
Do you have a favorite cricket team?
That's right
I am not familiar with him. Is he a basketball player?
He's a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't like Pete Carroll, but he's a good coach.
Yes I do! The King's Speech was written by Iain Canning and stars Tom Waits. Would you like to know the sequel?
Yes that is correct, it is a television series by Helena Bonham Carter
Was this the same year that   1 ?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Yes, Sia Furler is a great performer. She won the Academy of Music Award for Album of the Year
What a white wig
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like their coach- Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
Oh, I see. I'm a Bears fan myself. But, I'm a Bears fan myself. What sports do you like?
That's great! I think I'll have to check out the commercials and the commercials!
Isn't he a basketball player from Oklahoma City?
I'm not sure, but I know he is a very skilled basketball player as a point guard.
Yes, he does. He would definitely be the best of his generation.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Gift. Have you seen either of those?
Then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, that was written by John Logan. Are you a fan of his work?
If you enjoy romance films, you might also enjoy X-Men: The Day After Tomorrow.
I don't know much about football, but I know the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Isn't that the one with Lovie Smith?
I don't know much about football either so I am not a huge fan of football
That was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Cuckoo's Calling is a fantasy novel by J.K. Rowling.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in a lot of movies including To Rome with Love, To Rome with Love, To Rome with Love, to name a few. Do you like comedies?
It stars Penelope Cruz and Ellen Page. Are you a fan of both actors?
I'm glad I could help.
Do you like Spirited Away because it is a drama?
Oh I see. That's a Japanese film, but if you're interested in Japanese films, Hayao Miyazaki also wrote Man of the Moon, which is a classic!
One of my favorites is "Never Let Me Go" and "Never Let Me Go". Both are excellent comedies.
You're welcome
He wrote The Marriage Plot and The Virgin Suicides. Have you heard of either of those?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It is a film about sexual awakening.
It was released in 1993. I am not sure what year it was released.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like it because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
He starred in Knocked Up, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Beastmaster.
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in Knocked Up as well.
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Queen and The Virgin Queen. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was in Gideon's Daughter and Colditz.
Yes, that is a fantasy.
Absolutely!
Oh yes! I love her music. I think she is very talented. What's your favorite songs from her?
That's a great song from her. What about you?
Oh, I love that one. That is a great song by Konecki
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight Rises starring Tom Hardy.
The Prestige was produced by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film as well. The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you The Prestige is a Sci-Fi film
Enjoy the film!
He's a player on the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What sport do you like?
They're doing good but they're not doing well enough to make the playoffs. Do you like them?
I don't follow football much, I am not a fan of the Bears. Are they having a good season this year?
The only thing I know about the Bears is that they're doing well this year.
Do you like the fantasy genre of this book?
It is a speculative fiction written by Charles Dickens. Do you like that genre?
Yes, A Tale of Two Cities was also written by Charles Dickens.
I don't have much information on that one, just that it was released in 1851.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on working class. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren.
Sure, she wrote The Siren and The One Minute Manager. Have you read them?
The Siren was released in 2013 and is in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome.
Did you like because Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it was a Action Adventure movie?
Yes, it is action packed as well. Do you like action packed?
Drama and Romance. Is that the type of movie you like?
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a TV miniseries, released in 1949. It is a Utopian Fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago, El otoo del patriarca
Sure! He wrote The Green Mile, which is a young-adult fiction book. He also wrote the Little House Collection collection of short stories.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this?
It's a good one. There's a movie called Never Let Me Go that is a classic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you interested in fantasy genre?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in X-Men: First Class and Underworld: Evolution. Have you seen either of those?
The woods was released in 1997 and is a drama/fantasy genre.
It is a Sci-Fi/Action genre starring oliver Platt. It was released in 2012.
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
its a romance novel. what else can i answer for you?
no it was written by Napoleon Hill. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poetry?
It was released in 1843 along with The Raven.
You're welcome
I know a little bit about him, he's an athlete on Spain's national football team.
not sure if that's the case I don't follow soccer.
I don't know that's where the team is located. I don't know much about soccer.
Aladdin was written by John Grisham, who also wrote Aladdin
Have you seen the movie X-Men 2?
Of course. The movie starred Anne Hathaway
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair. Do you like sci-fi?
I am not sure, but I know it was produced by Leonardo DiCaprio and also directed by Neil Jordan. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair with Ian Hart.
Glad to help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed several movies such as Pulp Fiction and Inglorious Bastards.
Yes! Rob Zombie starred in Grindhouse. He is a great actor.
I don't see anything else he has done but he was in fact a writer as well.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall : Part of series: A Series of Unfortunate Events. A Series of Unfortunate Events written by Uli Edelstein
The Baader Meinhof Complex has genre Thriller, have you seen this movie?
your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I like dancers a lot of things. My favorite genre would be rock, though. How about you?
I haven't heard that one yet, isn't he an artist?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears
Yes, the Mortal Instruments series is the Mortal Instruments series
Your welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right, I think I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne. Do you like romantic comedies?
Youth in Revolt is a drama
Your welcome enjoy
Great, have a great day!
You're Welcome!
Of course! Blood Diamond was written by Neil Gaiman, and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Drama films?
JJimon Hounsou is part of the series The Lord of the Rings
The Lord of War was released in 2004
CCH Pounder stars in The Jungle Book 2 and The Jungle Book 2. Have you seen either of these?
He also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, he starred in that one also. He was also in Toy Story 3.
The movie stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
She was in the sequel The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Returns
Yes, she was in that film as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
The Best Picture of Dorian Gray and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger. Have you read either of these?
Then you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me, or Wildwood Dancing.
I'm always happy to help!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Bourne Legacy starred Robin Williams and was released in 2013. Would you like me to name a few?
Perhaps you might enjoy The Bourne Supremacy, which is a action film.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Thirteenth Tale. Are you familiar with this film?
Ponyo is an excellent adventure film starring Christian Bale and was released in 2011. I think you'd enjoy it
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen this movie?
Yes, Yûki Amami is an anime film. Yûki Amami is an action adventure film starring Yûki Amami.
Sure, he wrote There Will Be Blood and The Master. Have you seen either of those?
Besides being a writer, he also directed and produced the film There Will Be Blood, it has genre Drama.
You're very welcome
Are you interested in hearing about Paula Hawkins books? I can tell you a lot about Paula Hawkins books.
The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins. Are you interested in a particular genre?
No problem, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, have you read Lolita, starring Paula Hawkins?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I've heard it's an excellent book so I wonder if its a list?
I don't have that information right now but if you like mystery you should check out The Goodbye Girl
Yes it is. Violets Are Blue is a mystery genre.
You're welcome
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror is a good one.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, he did.
It was released the same year as The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book is also a film.
The author is a Geisha, have you read the next in series is on Flux
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You're welcome
He is a great Heavyweight boxer. What's your favorite sport?
Yes it is! Kevin Williamson also wrote Silence!
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of his.
I'm not sure about that one, but I'm sure he starred in What's the Number
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The only one I know of written by Dr. Seuss is The Eggs and Ham. That was released in 1985.
That's right, the same year The Lorax was released. Have you heard of that one?
I love Kung Fu Panda. Did you know he was born in Hangover?
He's been in a lot of great movies such as The Jungle Book and The Legend of Tarzan.
That's right, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with My Brother. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
Charlie Sheen is the star of the movie. Do you like her acting?
It was released in 2003, the same year that the Green Mile was released.
Yes, you are correct, if you enjoy watching the trailers I think you will really enjoy the movie. Have a great day!
You are welcome
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is sci-fi?
Yes, that is correct. The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare and written by William Shakespeare. It is a great movie.
I don't know that, but I know he was in The Women of Brewster Place and he was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure thing. I hope that you enjoy it.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2010
It was written by Dan Brown. It is a Young-adult fiction novel that was released in 2002.
The genre for Deception Point is Mystery
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You can also try Fifty Shades of Grey, have you seen this one?
You're welcome
You're right, enjoy!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a war film.
I don't have that information, are there any other science fiction movies you would like to know?
I am not sure of the release date for that movie. It is a thriller that was released in 2011.
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it!
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen this one?
Have you seen Tender is the Night?
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know that Robert De Niro was in it.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Sparrow. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while, but I heard he's a very good player
I know only that Serena is a Major League Baseball team of the Year. I know only that she is married to Mirka Federer.
I don't know if he was in that movie, but I do know that he was a musician as well.
Sure, Go Set a Watchman and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
Then you might like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. How about you?
I don't know a lot about her music but I know she starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits, which was a TV show
Oh I didn't know that! That's a funny fact. Did you know she's a TV actress?
He wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you heard of them?
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Sandra Bullock. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. is a romantic comedy starring Peter Gallagher.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
I believe it is a fiction book.
The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist and the Wonderland is in the genre of Fiction
Your welcome
I don't know a lot about him. What I know is he's a Midfielder and Forward.
I do not know James Rodriguez played on the team. I do know he was a Midfielder and Forward.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about soccer. He was a midfielder and forward.
I love her! She and her sister, Serena are amazing. How about you?
I don't know if Brett Ratner is an actor. Who is your favorite actor?
I'm not sure about that, but I know she was in a film called Bloody Sunday.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. Would you like another book by her?
I do not know who it was written by Greg Mortenson
Of course! She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with either?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
The Art of Asking is a popular one written by Alice Sebol.
Yes, that is correct
your welcome
I don't know much about her other than that she is an athlete.
I don't follow cricket closely, but I do know that she is married to Shoaib Malik
I don't know that, but I think he is a good athlete
Yes he was. He was a great athlete at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy Film?
Then you'll like Wrath of the Titans and The Time Machine
That movie stars Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot. Would you like more recommendations?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
It was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It-Ralph
Yes I believe he starred in Elizabethtown
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you read either of those?
Did you know he also wrote A storm of Slaughterhouse-Five?
Mark Waters wrote and directed the movie The Spider-Man 2.
I haven't seen that one yet. Isn't he a great actor?
It's a great movie. It was released in 2003.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup
I don't know any other players. Can you tell me more about Phil Mickelson?
Okay, I think it is a very funny tv show as well. It is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes he did. Mickey Rooney also starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm having trouble finding anything similar to Utterly Cold Blooded and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Yes he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
That one is considered self-help and self help.
That's correct. He's a great writer.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
That movie stars Fifty Shades of Grey, Fifty Shades of Grey, and Jamie Lee Curtis. It was released in 2005.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Of course! Do you like this author because of the genre of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
He did. That's an excellent action film starring Matthew McConaughey. Do you like him?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was a political thriller starring Robert De Niro.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was a drama and was released in 1997
I do know that it was made into a movie and directed by Tracy Chevalier.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He directed The Mist. Have you seen it?
The Mist is a science fiction classic written by Darabont. If you like Chris Owen, you should check it out.
I have not seen National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Have you seen that one?
If you enjoy Woody Allen, I would suggest The Wedding Planner, it is a great movie.
I don't know a lot about Dan Gilroy. Did you know he's the roy the 2012 PGA Championship?
Matt Damon, Dan Gilroy
It is a thriller
There is also The Last Samurai
Nothing I can help you with
your welcome
Sure! Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it's a Memoir?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree.
There are several books similar to him such as Anne Hathaway, Shel Silverstein and Meryl Streep
You're welcome
Luke Bryan sings country music and is record label is Capitol Records
I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Did you know he is also a model?
Yes, I agree, I also agree that he is talented
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It was released in 1999. It's an adventure film starring Laura Hillenbrand.
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars Orlando Bloom, Michael Shannon, Michael Byrne, and James Franco to name a few. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, the Doors is a band starring Michael Madsen, Michael Madsen and James Franco.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear. what else can i answer for you?
You're correct. The Name of the Wind is a good one. Have you read it?
Sure thing.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Then you might like The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
Isn't he a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C?
He is from the Manchester United F.C.
Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XLIVc
Not really. I'm more a fan of the Patriots.
Oh that's very true. X-Men 2 and Superbowl didn't win that one.
Would you refer I check based on its genre or its actors?
Anna Kendrick also stars in Wreck-It-Ralph and White House Down.
I can recommend a video for you if you'd like.
Pitch Perfect is a drama. Would you like more recommendations?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Pitch Perfect.
You are welcome
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that film?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know a few players for sure. I like Sachin Tendulkar. Do you know him?
Yes, he is a cricket player from the United States of America.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction that was released in 1987
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Fallen was released in 2003
You are very welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays on Spain National Football team. Are you a football fan?
I think he is a midfielder along with Vincente del Bosque.
Yes, he did. He's a great player as well.
I think he was a midfielder as well.
Joseph Heller wrote The Odyssey and The Iliad. Have you read either of these?
He was born in Honolulu. He was also influenced by Vladimir Nabokov and he wrote a lot of war novels.
Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed.
OK, you may like The Alpha Master or The Submissive. Have you read those?
Bared to You is written by E.L James
Fifty Shades Freed in 2012
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It is a fiction book, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome! Enjoy the book!
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
That was also written by Laura Hillenbrand. I'll have to check out some other books by her.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
Yes he was the writer of Braveheart. Do you like his acting?
Yes he did and thats a great drama
I've heard he's a great director, writer and film critic
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
It was released in 1867.
I don't have much information. However, it was released in 2007 in English.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That's right, they were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he was playing for the Oakland Raiders. Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
Sure thing. It was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Terminator and The Return of the King.
Yes, it has a genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
I don't know if Snow Crash is the author of Snow Crash.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and Action. Do you enjoy these genres?
I do not have that information, is there something else you would like to know?
Comedy-dramas is also a great movie, I recommend it
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the title. However, My Own Heart Hearts was released in 2011.
It's an action adventure novel.
You're welcome
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Rufus Sewell and Renny Harlin starred in this movie
Cutthroat Island was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not really a Bears fan myself. Are they having a good season this year?
I do not really know I know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII
Yes, the Bears have won quite a few Super Bowls. They're a runner up in the AFC North division and never won till now.
Sure! I know that Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
Yes, it was. It is a great movie. It was released in 1999.
I don't have that information, but John Henry also directed it. You should check it out.
I do not know who starred in Fair Game but John Powell did star in the movie Fair Game. Do you enjoy his acting?
Yes, he is the writer of Fair Game. He's also a director, producer, and television producer.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that.
Yes, it was. That was written by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a great movie. Are you a fan of this genre?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he directed a sci-fi movie, The Aeon Flux and Zombieland.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Great. If you like that, you'll enjoy it.
I'm not sure about Noam Murro but he directed 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise on an Empire is starring Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
I do not have that information, can I help you with anything else?
I don't know the genre Fantasy, but the movie 300: Rise of an Empire is in the Fantasy genre
Yes i believe so. Eva Green is also in that movie starring Peter Mensah
I do not have that information, but I can tell you the author of the film titled Eva Green.
You as well!
I am more of a baseball fan. What sports do you enjoy?
I'm more of an Athlete. Did you know he is also a player on the Los Angeles Lakers.
That's a true, one of my favorite basketball players was born in Los Angeles
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and The Hypnotist's Love Story.
The movie starred George Clooney, Sergio Leon, and Alfredo DiCaprio. Would you like more information?
The original version of The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1980.
I'm sorry I don't have any other books written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
You're welcome.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
The Sword of Shannara is a great book written by Zora Neale Hurston.
I don't have that information, but i can tell you that Philippa Gregory wrote a book called Sword of Shannara, which is a Historical Novel.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-Do. I know he's a football player.
I don't know much about him other than he's a forward. He's a forward for the Packers. Do you like him?
I'm more of an American Football fan.
I don't know much about football either.
He is an author and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in the movie The Messenger.
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Fiction and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
I would classify it as a Family Saga if you like fiction books.
I don't know but I think it was a great book written by Anne Tyler.
I am not sure but I can tell you it was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome.
Did you like the movie In Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, he starred in Seven Psychopaths.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Helena Mattsson also starred in White House Down which is a good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Scarlett Johansson, John Krasinski, and Christian Bale. Do you like any of these actors?
Absolutely! Thirteen is a romantic comedy also starring George Clooney.
Yes, she also starred in the movie Thirteen.
You're welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The genre Science Fiction
Yes he has, he also wrote Seabiscuit which is an excellent thriller.
It is a great book written by Fredrik Backman. Are you interested in his work?
2012 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Harald Kloser.
Are you interested in the movie because it is a sci-fi movie?
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Way of the Gun. Have you seen them?
That's a great sci-fi adventure movie. Have you seen The Golden Compass or Harry Potter?
Interstellar starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Matthew Macfadyen, James Franco, and Anne Hathaway. Do you know any of these actors?
You're welcome
It was written by Suzanne Collins. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Two movies he directed are The Golden Compass and American Pie. Have you seen either one of these?
It also starred Adam Sandler and Kevin Spacey.
She was also in The Golden Compass, which is a musical comedy.
You are welcome
I do! He's a pretty good athlete. He's a great tennis player.
I haven't watched a match before. I've been a fan for a long time but I don't mind watching a match.
I don't like tennis. Who is your favorite player?
I believe she wrote Le Petit Le Petit Le Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci Fi?
The Last Stand has genre Thriller, do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a superhero film and action film directed by David Ayer.
Absolutely!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one yet?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Women of Brewster Place, starring Katharine McPhee.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
The Godfather was written by Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1998 and was directed by Marlon Brando
Green Mile was written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist. Have you read either of those?
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone.
You're very welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you familiar with it?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both are young adult fiction.
I Am Legend starred Willow Smith, Will Smith and Emma Thompson and Will Smith. Would you like to know more about the movie?
He was in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is a Thriller and I Am Legend. Have you seen this movie?
I am not sure, but Will Smith was in the movie The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie as well.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy films?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like action or adventure films?
Yes it is a thriller and adventure film starring Robert De Niro is also an Adventure film.
I don't know a lot about Calvin Harris, but I know he is a a lyricist
I like his music a lot, one of my favorite songs from him is probably my favorite. What is yours?
I'm not a fan of his, but I've heard a lot about him being on the news sometimes
It was written in 1960. Are you interested in fiction?
Yes The Incredible Journey was written by Harper Lee
Sure. Les Miserables is an action/adventure film written by Luc Besson. Do you like that genre?
I recommend The Invisible Man and The Book of Eli which are also musicals.
I don't know any new ones, but I can recommend something else for you today?
Yes, it was written by Quinten
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, shes a very talented person
Rosario Dawson also in that movie
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'd say they're a good team. Are you a fan?
It was released in 2017 and is a favorite of mine, The Love Corpse Bride. Have you seen it?
Cold Mountain is a War Film starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like War films?
I did not, but I'm sure Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale.
Do you like this movie because it is a fan of Renee Zellweger?
J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player. He is the current world No. 1 in singles rankings.
He has done alot of thrillers! One of my favorites is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
It also stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr and Dr. Dreyfuss.
Public Enemies starred Ronan Bennett, Michael Mann, and Bill Murray. Do you like dramas?
Oh yes, he was in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure what genre he's acted, but the Thriller he was in is funny
That's a good one, have you seen The Rum Diary?
Fugitive is starring Denzel Washington and Sela Ward. Are you familiar with the actors?
I don't have that information, but Daniel Roebuck was in The Fugitive.
That is an excellent movie as well.
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
Yes, he was in that movie as well, along with Harrison Ford.
You're welcome!
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Peter Pan has genre Fiction. Would you like more information about this?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete on the France national football team right?
Yea he's on the France national football team right?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson. Are you interested in Vin Diesel?
He is also in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Have you seen them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love. Have you read it?
Yes that is correct and he also starred in Made which is a comedy.
That is a great movie. It is a comedy staring Katharine McPhee.
Yes, and he also starred in That Thing You Do
Yes that's correct. The Gazebo is a drama produced by Marvin Hood
The Gazebo is a great Drama Film directed by Micheal Crichton
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed Children's Literature, which is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Sure Family Guy was released in 2010 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also wrote Freakonomics: A Space Adventure
Skyfall is a war/historical thriller. Are you interested in the movie or the genre?
Yes, he has. He was in The Lone Star Range, The Invisible Man and The Time Machine. Would you like to know more?
Mark Margolis produced this film.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a fantasy film.
I think it is a great adventure movie. I highly recommend it.
You as well!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm more of a fan of hers. Wasn't she also an actress in that film too?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for that genre at this time.
I am always here to help
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you familiar with that?
It is a fantasy adventure. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. That was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
That's the only information I know by him, but he was also a film producer for the film The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008
Max Brooks is an American filmmaker. He wrote World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars. Have you read that?
It was released in 2004. That was the same year that White House Down was released.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine. What genre are you interested in?
You should watch that one. It's a thriller. I think you'll enjoy it.
I think you'll enjoy them
Yes, ufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring is the first part of a series. The next in the series is The Two Towers
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Return of the King?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endear. He also wrote the sequel to The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor.
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it was a Action Adventure movie or because it was a Action Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
You are welcome
My pleasure.
I'm always happy to help.
I do, he starred in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he did have that was written by Holden Scott
I do like dramas, have you seen Treasure Planet?
I did not know it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming.
If you like thriller films, I would recommend What Lies Beneath as a Spy Film.
I am not sure if that's a Spy film, but I can recommend some other great films like The Expendables.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team
Yes, the team is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome
Do you like O Alquimista because it is written by Paul R. Clarke or because it is written by Paul R. Clarke?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelo. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes he was. Onze minutos was released in 1867
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays on the Germany national football team
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Are you a fan of them?
I like to watch football. I like to watch the Denver Broncos.
The Redskins is a great team! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Peter Hyams.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki.
Yes, and he also starred in the movie The Pink Panther 2.
Yes, Andy Garcia was included in a movie called No Country for Old Men that also starred Tom Cruise.
Of course! Other movies he's starred in are No Country for Old Men, The Men Who's the Bossypants, and The Wedding Singer.
I'm always happy to help!
I love them, I am actually not a fan of the Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I have not seen that one, I just saw it when it first came out and watch it every year. That's a football movie right?
Yes, that was a great movie! Jerry Maguire was also in The Stuff and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those?
I'm not really sure if I've seen Hoosiers. I think you'll enjoy that one.
He directed Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
It is a adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
You're very welcome.
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was released in 2014. The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was also released in 2014.
Yes it was, it was released in 2014
The Picture of Dorian Gray was also released that year
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in The World's End which is a Comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I know he is a good actor. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
She is an author who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is a historical novel. She also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
Scarlet Letter has genre Romance Novel.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre book is a fiction book written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to hear more about this?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion and Persuasion. Would you like more titles from Jane Austen?
If you enjoy romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Are you interested in movies that he starred in or ones he wrote?
Tower Heist is a comedy starring Ray Winstone and Channing Tatum.
Tower Heist has a genre of Romance and Fiction.
I do not have any other information that I have on it at this time.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you read them?
Yes, most of her works are in Russian. I am not sure about Russian.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a Fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Oh yeah! He was such a great actor! He also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
That's a good book, do you like Kim Edwards?
I think you might like The Lake of Dreams or The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like Novels?
I am a fan my apologies. Do you like Fiction?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
Sure! Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen those?
She also starred in the movie The Nanny Diaries.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2003
You're welcome
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other classics?
Yes, the author of The Great Gatsby is Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
I don't follow tennis much, but I know he was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Olympics
Running with Scissors is written by John Scalzi and has genre Speculative fiction. Are you interested in either of those genres?
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1982. It's a part of the series by James Dashner in the series titled Into the Wild.
Yes, it is a sequel of the book called The Lord of the Rings.
Enjoy!
Which genre are these books written?
That book is a speculative fiction.
I do not have that information, can I help you with something else?
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, he has written My Soul to Take, which is a horror film. Do you like horror?
Yes he does, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector. Both great movies!
Glad to help
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
Yes, Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1999
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Graveyard Book is part of a series, the next in the series is Stardust, have you read that?
Happy to help!
I know that Lois Lowry wrote The Secret Garden and The Giver. Do you like Fiction?
It's considered a satire and a romance film.
It was released in 1990
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about the American Dream, or would you prefer other classics?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and Source Code.
Moon starred Peter Scolari, Scott Bakula, Leonardo DiCaprio and Cassandra Clare.
It's a suspense. Do you like those types of films?
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XLIVc
I hope the Seahawks will be the Super Bowl this year
I'm a Bears fan. What do you think about the Seahawks?
I've been to a live game before. I'd love to have the game schedule.
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
Jim Butcher directed the movie The National Treasure.
He also directed Apocalypse Now
Sure! It was written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton.
I haven't seen the film, but he is a great actor. He also directed The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen it yet, thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote the Harry Potter series.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Snow White and the Huntsman was a perfect movie for Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like genre Fantasy?
Willie Garson starred in Grimms Fairy Tales.
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
I have. He also wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse.
It's a fantasy, similar to The Titan's Curse, which is also a Fantasy.
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Harsh Times, It's an action/adventure film. Do you like that genre?
The Truth About Forever, The Moon and More is a popular one by her.
That's a great movie! It stars Matt Damon and Adam Sandler, did you know it was also a movie?
The genre is Science Fiction and Psychological thriller. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The author of For Whom the Bell Tolls was in the same series as For Whom the Bell Tolls.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The House of Seven Gables and The Garden of Eden just to name a few.
Happy to help!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic.
Deadpool has genre Romance
Not big on the B-ball. more of a baseball fan
Yes, I think he is a good businessman as well.
That's true, he was a part of the New York Times Best Seller list.
Are you interested in the young adult fiction genre?
The Fault in Our Stars is a Young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green, who also wrote Looking for Alaska
I do not have that information, is there anything else you'd like to know?
Enjoy!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever Works. Are you familiar with either of those?
Whatever It Takes is a romantic comedy starring Gerard Butler and James Franco, it is a highly recommended movie.
It was released in 2003
Enjoy!
I think she is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. Have you read that book?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction. It's a novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes that's correct. Have you read The Joy Luck Club?
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He was in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
The Apostle starred Harrison Ford, Farrah Fawcett, Joel Coen, and Farrah Fawcett.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in It's a Wonderful Life.
I believe it's a drama, but I don't have the genre information for that.
You're welcome.
I do! Mark Waters directed The Incredibles.
Hugh Jackman and Gene Tierney both starred in it.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was a drama.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
She wrote White Oleander which is a Drama. Would that interest you?
The genre of White Oleander is Fiction.
You're welcome
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1954. His genre is The Seven Samurai. Do you like his films?
He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Akira.
It appears that Seven Samurai starred Takashi Shimura, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Daisuke Kato.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that.
That was directed by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That's right! He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Muc is written by Francis Ford Coppola
I'm not much of a fan of his, he also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Shane is a great actress. She also starred in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
your welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
I recommend The Looking Glass Wars: The Golden Compass by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Yes, Charles Dickens is an American writer correct? He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of these?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, have you read that one?
Yes, he did. That one is a great book that was released in 1853.
That's right! It was made into a play by Charles Dickens.
Enjoy the books!
He is an athlete who was a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I don't like to watch basketball
I'm a huge fan of football.
I haven't but haven't watched them play the Rams yet?
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by Mark Boal, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises
He also directed Apocalypse Now, which is a really good movie. You might enjoy that one as well.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you he directed a sci-fi movie titled X-Men 2 which was released in 1982.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. Are you interested in science fiction?
Yes, he did and it was released in 1957 as a reference book. Do you like the author or the genre?
It was released in 1957, the same year that   1 .
It is a young adult fiction written by Gayle Forman. Do you like that genre?
You can try When You Reach Me, Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books
Great. Enjoy your book.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films or animation films?
That's right, he's a very funny actor! He's also in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which is a comedy-drama.
He's been in lots of films including X-Men, X-Men, X-Men 2 and the Last World War Z.
I heard Pineapple Express is one of my favorite Superbad movies. I think you'll enjoy those!
The author of 1st to Die is James Patterson
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
My apologies. It is the next in the series A Walk to Remember which is also in the Fiction genre.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I think they are a really good basketball team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I'm not sure. I'm more of an American Football fan. Which team is your favorite?
I don't like basketball. Real Madrid C.F. is a great team. How about you?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What sport do you like?
He is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like Cricket?
I do. Tom Brady plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes he was. Coyote Ugly starred with Mary Shelley Duvall.
Sure! John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas which is a tragicomedy. Have you read it?
It's a Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
That's the same year that The Da Vinci Code was released. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The film was directed by Tony Gilroy and Keanu Reeves. Are you familiar with their work?
The film starred several well-known names, but a couple of the most well-known would be Keanu Reeves and Jeffrey Jones.
It was released in 1999
You're welcome
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopian fiction. Do you like books in those genres?
Then you might like Wildwood Dancing or The Hunger Games.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2009.
My apologies. I don't show any other books by Tatiana de Rosnay.
You are welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was a musician who was born in London.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them, have you heard it?
I don't think he does play any instrument, but he was in the movie The Voice. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if it's a good show but it has a genre of Comedy
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, it is considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I really like that one, it was released in 2013. The next in the series is A Piece of the World.
It's a great one!
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Charlie Hunnam, Charlie Hunnam, and Charlie Hunnam. Do you know any of them?
I believe it is a drama
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also starred Thomas F. Wilson.
If you enjoy Adventure and Sci-Fi, you might also enjoy Wrath of the Titans or The Avengers.
CCH Pounder is an author. He wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about his books?
Yes, he did, and he also wrote The Iron Trial.
Yes, I heard it was a mystery, horror, and horror genres.
Yes, Zodiac is also considered a thriller and horror film as well.
You're welcome
I love Russel Wilson! He was great in Zoolander.
Yes, you're right. He's #1 in the Seahawks.
Not a big football fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys and Patriots
Sure thing! Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie The Fountain. Have you seen it yet?
Ponyo stars some big names you may recognize from the UK, such as X-Men Origins and World War Z.
It's a good family adventure film starring some great actors such as Hayao Miyazaki and Zo Bell.
You're welcome.
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in Matt Damon. Do you like this movie because of the genre of the movie?
I've heard The Bourne Supremacy is a great mystery, and The Shadowhunter's Codex. What genre do you like?
Wow! That's a great place to watch!
I'm not sure, but it's a psychological thriller, I think you should enjoy it!
Of course! I think you'll enjoy it!
I am a huge fan of him! He was in the movie The Devil Wears Prada. Did you know that he is also an athlete?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play for the Saints. What sports do you like?
It's a good team as well!
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? Critics panned it but I thought it was good.He also wrote the movie.
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It's a classic!
Robert De Niro is also in that movie. He is a great actor.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that he is also a director and a cartoonist.
I sure will! Enjoy!
You're very welcome.
Gran Torino is a great movie! It was produced by Clint Eastwood and produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict & Nicolas Cage. Do you like romantic comedies?
Dallas Cowboys starred in this movie along with Cory Hardrict.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It is a warbreaker. Do you like warbreaker?
It was released in 2003
You're welcome.
Do you like movies directed by Mandy Moore?
I would recommend The Golden Compass, which is a Disney movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Molly Shannon starred in The Princess and the Frog, which is a Romantic Comedy Film.
That was a great book. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, he was a great writer. He wrote Xenocide and The Memory of Earth. Have you read either of those?
Speculative fiction is the next in the series Ender's Shadow
Great! Enjoy the books!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you interested in Horror films?
He sure did. He was also in the movie The Avengers
Your welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor and he starred in The Making of star wars
I am not sure about his other work, but I know he was influenced by Charles Dickens and Charles Dickens in the film Creepshow
You're welcome, enjoy the movies!
You're very welcome.
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was starring Tom Hanks?
I don't know any similar genre but Tom Hanks starred in Forrest Gump
your welcome
I love A Christmas Carol! It's a classic! It was written by Charles Dickens and adapted into a movie starring Christmas Carol.
I love Mickey's Christmas Carol, it was produced by Charles Dickens and released in 1843
I really like Fantasy. The Golden Compass is also a great movie
Yes. They are both fantasy.
You are welcome
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles then Jeffrey Lurie is owner of it.
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles?
I did not know that. I do know that Russell Crowe was drafted too.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Another example of speculative fiction is The Last Colony and The Omega Code.
Yes, it is considered Children's literature as well. Another example of speculative fiction is The Return of the King.
I don't know much about them. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
They played the New England Patriots yesterday. Are you a fan of that team?
Yes, Dallas Cowboys were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Brad Pitt wrote the epic film Troy. Are you familiar with it?
If you like historical fiction, I recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. Both are excellent.
It is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds, Michelle Pfeiffer and Oprah Winfrey, Shailene Woodley.
Of course. I hope you enjoy the film.
Do you like Sci-Fi or Fantasy movies?
I'm more of a sci-fi fan myself. There's also a sequel called Infinity War which is the same genre as Star Wars: Episode II.
It's a good one! It stars Charlize Theron and Robert Downey Jr.
Oh sure, he's a great actor.
Yes. 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes that's correct. If you like Joseph Gordon Levitt, he also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in it as well.
Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
The author is Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it is a general popology book written by Nicholas Sparks.
He is a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
Absolutely. Wildcats was made into a movie that stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Oh yes, that is funny. I think he was also in Couples Retreat.
Sure. Are you interested in sci-fi or action films?
Volcano was also released in 1979 and the Transformers was a great Sci-Fi movie as well. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones was also in the sci-fi movie The Gathering Storm which is a science fiction action movie that was released in 1979. Have you seen it?
That is correct. Dante's Peak was released in 1979 and also stars Denzel Washington.
Enjoy the movies
I do! The Butterfly Effect was a great movie starring Eric Stoltz. It was released in 2004
He starred in Wreck-It-Ralph and The Sandman: Endless Nights
I would recommend a thriller, Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Attack of the Clones
Star Trek III: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing starred in it.
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Genevieve Bujold. Would you like a recommendation about this movie?
You're welcome
OK, have a great day!
The movie Inside Man is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
That's a great Thriller! Other thriller movies include Shark Night, xXx, and Zodiac. Would you like a recommendation based off this?
My pleasure.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain National Football team and the Spain National Football Team. Do you like Football?
Yes, that's a great sport to watch. It's a Historical period drama about soccer.
I don't know much about tennis but I know he was born in Honolulu.
I don't know much about them other than they were the runner-up in the 2009 NBA Finals
I don't know much about that one other than he was a point guard. I don't know much about him.
Yes, the Bucks were a professional basketball player
Memento is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like his movies?
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Are you interested in any of these actors?
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know he also starred in another interesting movie called The Dark Knight Rises
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he was in the Hobbit series. Are you interested in fantasy genre?
Then you'll like The Hobbit also stars Adam Brown.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
Great. Glad to help.
He is Basketball Athlete. Do you like Basketball?
I don't really follow basketball. Is he a good player?
Yes, that's right, he's the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was written by George Lucas, and stars Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Sure, have you watch Legend of Tarzan or The Dark Knight Rises?
There's a sci-fi called Space Jam
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelo and it is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote Winter, Miracles of Peregrine and The Miracle of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Absolutely, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order.
The Scorch Trials is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure! Two of my favorites are The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of those?
Perhaps you would like something similar to The Time Traveler's Wife, which is also a romance film.
I would highly recommend The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises. Both are excellent films to watch.
Will Gluck starred in Hamlet 2. He also directed Friends with Benefits.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall, Jon Favreau, Michael Stahl-David, and Leigh Brackett
I'm not sure what other movies he's in but he was also in We Bought A Zoo which is a crime fiction film
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his books?
Yes, he was. He was a very good author.
The Notebook was released in Message in a Bottle was written by Nicholas Sparks.
The author of the Message in the Message in the blottet of the Message in the blotted series by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote the Notebook in the Message in the Message in the Bottle.
I don't have that information, but I know he was a teacher and from the United States
You're very welcome!
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by David Koepp. Would you like to know more about it?
It's an excellent thriller starring Vaz.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure. Do you like the author, it's a romance novel?
Have you read The Crucible?
Yes, he did and he also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible and All My Son
Sure! The Usual Suspects was also released that year. Would you like to know more?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do know that their coach is John Fox. Are you a fan?
They are. The Broncos are 1st in the AFC West division. Who is their quarterback?
They're looking for a team in the AFC East. They're looking for a team in the AFC West division.
Lolita wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Pale Fire was released in 1996
I'm always happy to help.
You're very welcome
No, I haven't. I think he is married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2
Yes, and Jessica Biel also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you heard of that one?
I have seen that one. It was written by Ben Stiller and directed by Justin Timberlake.
They were written by John Tiffany
The Tales of Beedie the Bard and The Casual Vacancy are also written by J.K. Rowling.
The book The Silkworm was released in 2014 and is in the genre of Fantasy.
That was written by Charlie Sheen and released in 1963. Do you like Autobiographies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it was released in 1958.
It was written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Tales of Beedie the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure but I can tell you the story is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't show that information.
I'm sorry, I don't show that information.
You're very welcome
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles similar to this genre?
I don't know a lot about football. He plays for France National Football team and Manchester United F.C.
Who is your favorite player?
I've watched several times and I've been a fan of that show.
I'm having trouble coming up with some shows. I'll watch The Goodbye Girl then.
I don't know that one, I think I've heard a lot about that!
The movie Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, do you like Christopher Nolan?
Yes, that's correct. Anne-Marie Duff also starred in the film.
Enigma was released in 1985 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the hit movie This is Spinal Tap.
One of my favorites is The Recruit. Have you seen it?
Your welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
I am not sure about that. I can tell you Willow Frost is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
I liked her in the movie Spring Breakers, how about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I would consider it a drama/fantasy.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller?
They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII for the 1986 World Series.
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know the Red Sox won the World Series in 2017.
The Red Sox are part of the National League East division. My team is the Red Sox. Are you a baseball fan?
I don't know much about him other than he won the 2007 PGA Championship
I am not sure. I know he lost the PGA and the British Open in 2006.
That's interesting, isn't Phil Mickelson the golf player of the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Yes. The Hurt Locker stars Kathryn Bigelow and Rupert Everett
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor.
It also stars Evangeline Lilly, and Evangeline Lilly. It's a great movie, have you seen it?
Trucker added to your watch list.
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member of the National Football League's National Football League.
No they moved to Arizona from New York City
I do like college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player. Do you?
I don't know much about soccer, but I heard he's a good player
I'm a huge fan of football. What's your favorite sport?
Unfortunately i'm sorry i do not have the genre for it. Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote El otoo del cólera
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
Yes, it is written in English.
Of course! Along Came a Spider was written by James Dashner. Have you read any of his books?
Yes, it is a crime fiction / Thriller written by James Patterson.
It was written by James Patterson, who also wrote Zoe's Tale and X-Men 2.
No problem, enjoy!
I do. Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton. It is a speculative fiction movie. Do you like this genre?
The War genre is a good Romance Film. Apocalypse Now is a classic Romance Film.
Well it was considered a tragedy, I think you would enjoy it. There's a movie called Tomorrow, which is also a Tragicomedy. Have you heard of it?
I sure do! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Surviving Picasso.
Great, a great horror film would be Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Sure, some names you may recognize are Zombieland, Jeremy Renner, and George Clooney, to name a few.
You're very welcome.
Sure! That was written by Lisa See and it is an excellent fiction novel. Have you read it?
It's a fiction novel that was published in 2005.
I hope that you enjoy it! Have a great day!
I don't follow badminton but I think I saw him on the news sometimes. Are you a fan of his?
That is correct, as did The London 2012 Summer olympus.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet by William Shakespeare is the same. Have you read it?
I agree. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is the most popular piece of Shakespeareanan's work.
Yes, she is. That's the next in the series by William Shakespeare.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Tony Tanner, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great singer and also a musician. Have you seen his movies?
I think I have seen her in a movie called Once Upon a Time in Mexico.
I would suggest watching a song called Once Upon a Time in Mexico that you might enjoy.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you familiar with either of them?
In the movie starring also Leonardo DiCaprio, it was directed by Martin Scorsese and directed by Tom Cruise.
He was also in the movie Apocalypse Now.
Ok, enjoy!
Certainly. He directed the drama X-Men 2 and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Yes, she is also in that movie. It is a a romance film that was released in 1997.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
It is a children's novel.
I don't show the genre of the Historian
Would you like me to send it now
He is a golf player from London.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
i'm not sure but I know she starred in Hair Show which was a TV show
I enjoy watching the World Cup but I am not a huge football fan
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what is your favorite sport?
i have never heard of him. he is a football player. what do you think about him?
I think they are a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Patriots?
Roethlisberger is the current player.
Who owns the Patriots team?
I do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 1958.
Correct. That one was released in 1958. That was the same year The Power of Forgiveness was released too.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar was directed by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also directed Clerks II. Do you like him?
Yes he was. William Scott also starred in the Horror Film The Final Destination.
You're welcome
Yes. They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records
That's right. Gwyneth Paltrow has a great relationship with Reese Witherspoon
I don't have any idea. Can I help you with something else?
You're welcome.
Not really, I am more of a Patriots fan myself. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is a great one. Football is not my cup of tea.
Oh, I don't know that one. They're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow, I didn't know that!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, and Joaquin Phoenix.
He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
Hotel Rwanda is an indie film drama.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2003.
It actually has a professions listed as speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Joseph Conrad. Are you familiar with his work?
He has also starred in Wolverine and the X-Men: First Class.
Turbo is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 2010.
It is a romantic comedy.
Written by Sandra Bullock is a romantic comedy.
It was written by Tim Burton as well as Alice in Wonderland. Are you familiar with his work?
Lewis Carroll wrote The War of the Worlds. What else can I do for you?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird also wrote Ratatouille. what else can i do for you today?
Then you will like The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer or The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. My kids loved it too.
I'm not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, however I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Ratatouille.
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard
Not really, I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I don't watch much NFL but my team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team do you like?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk. Have you seen it?
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her?
That is an awesome song! Did you know she is also a good friend to Taylor Swift?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice. She is very talented.
I would recommend Heavy metal and rock. Then I think you will enjoy it
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it's a martial arts film?
Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter, who also wrote The Invisible Man, which is a thriller.
The Rum Diary starred Matt Damon, Liam Neeson, Michael Shannon, and Morgan Freeman
Glad to help
I do not play golf, but I think he's a great athlete from Dallas
That's correct. Did you know he's from Dallas?
I am not a fan of golf but I did like the movies he's starred in. Do you like golf?
Serenity is starring Jodie Foster and Sharito Copley. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
No problem! I'm happy I could help.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure, but it is also considered a horror film.
You're welcome.
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch.
Be Kind Rewind starred Demi Lovato, Michael Fassbender and Quinton Aaron. Do you like movies starring Quinton Aaron?
I do! Maroon 5 is a group of singers. Do you like their music?
I like their song Almost Heaven
Okay, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I didn't know that! Diana Ross is an artist, athlete, and cartoonist.
That's good. I'll have to check it out
He plays on the Argentina national football team
Manchester is a great team. Football is my favorite sport.
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know he's a really good player
Shrek stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett, who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens
28 days later, are you interested in movies in the same genre?
Mark Margolis stars in this movie as well, it is a thriller like Day After Tomorrow.
You're welcome.
Sure. Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Lea Thompson was in Wild Life. He was also in Little Rascals. Would you like more information about this movie?
Randy Quaid played in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie?
I do! She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
She also wrote Silence and the book Silence
I believe it's more of a fiction genre
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but the movie was written by Nick Cassavetes
I'm not sure, but he wrote Snow White and the Huntsman which is funny
I do not know who starred in that one but he was also a director as well!
You as well
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, Rango, and Rango. Have you heard of those?
Rango is an Indie film released in 1999. It is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
My pleasure, enjoy!
Would you like a recommendation based on it's genre?
Ride Along has a genre of Comedy that is all in the Drama genre.
Glad to be of help
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for a blockbuster comedy movies.
Yes I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book.
That's a great one. You should check it out. It's a children's book.
I'm going to suggest the Vampire Chronicles. The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
It was released in 2009.
You're very welcome.
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a genre Historical Fiction. Do you like Historical Fiction?
I haven't read a book so I don't know a lot about romance. But I heard it was good.
I believe that is the genre murder mystery. Is that the genre you are looking for?
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express. Did you know it was written by Dean Koontz?
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables. Did you know he is also a musician?
I believe it is a non fiction genre.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a thriller and a romance film written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1843
Sure. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a romantic comedy and was released in 1994.
I do! I love his song I Don't Want This Night to End. How about you?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of his?
He is with the Grammy for Best Hip-Hop Video of the Year
Marlon Brando has starred in a lot of movies including The Young Lions and The Wild One
Young Lions is a drama and action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
I like romance, drama, and action. Do you like those types of movies?
Are you referring to the basketball player?
I am not a fan of the sport. I prefer American Football or Basketball. How about you?
Yes he did it was the NBA All-Rookie Team
Oh i didn't know that
Mervryn Peake is an American author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was the original tale. It was released in 1886.
He is also a screenwriter for the Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that movie or something else?
Gerard Butler starred in it as well as a movie with Luigi Pistilli
Yes she was! She also starred in The Notebook along side Thomas Lennon
your welcome
The only drink I know by Dr. Seuss is White Night Night.
I don't know much about that, is it an autobiography that was released in 2002?
I know he was in the movie The Devil Wears Prada
Ok, have a great day.
I will have to send it to your device. Thank you
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations.
The Throne of Fire starring Vin Diesel is a good adventure movie.
It is a movie starring Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
The Blue Castle came out in 1851.
The Blue Castle was also released in 1926
Christopher Meloni starred in Wet Hot American Summer. anything else i can do for you?
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is a good one
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Christopher Meloni is in Rodanthe. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Peter Jackson starred in The Green Mile?
I would also recommend The Mist or The Lawnmower Man which are also horror.
You're welcome.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Night of Your Life. Have you heard those songs?
I don't know a lot about his music. Did you know he was born in France?
I like his music a lot, one of my favorite artists is acoustic guitarist. What about you?
He's a great songwriter.
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
thats great. have a good day
you are very welcome have a great day
Sure, it is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
Funny people came out in 2012
i'm sorry I don't have the information for that.
You are welcome.
I don't think so. Paul Pogba is a football player.
Yes that is the same year that the Bluest Eye was released.
I do not like American football. What is your favorite team?
I'm sorry I don't know a lot about Ryan Griggs.
I do! He's a really good athlete. He's a basketball player. Do you like him?
It's a comedy starring Denzel Washington
I'm not sure about that, I'm sorry I don't have the information of that one.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Return of the King
I do not have that information, but did you know he is also an author and an athlete?
Yes he is from the United States.
Yes, she acted in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It is a historical fiction novel released in 1985.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
You're welcome
I love her music. I think she is very talented and like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program
That's right. Demi Lovato was also in Larry Crowne, which is a comedy/drama.
I haven't seen that one yet, I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then I highly recommend Dead to the World.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and was released in 1997. It is a drama/fantasy.
You're welcome!
Sure. Quantum of Solace was written by James Dashner. He also wrote The Rum Diary.
I do not have that information, but Quantum of Solace is also a thriller
I do not have that information, is there anything else you would like to know?
Its a good movie. Enjoy
I don't follow football much, but I do know they were coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
They were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl II.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers
No I have not seen Unfinished Business. What genre are you interested in?
I do like hip hop. Did you know Tom Wong starred in that movie?
I like rock is the best in my opinion
I am not sure about that, but I can recommend some movies he's been in if you like.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome
I know he was born in Los Angeles and is in the Action/Adventure genre. Do you like action films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One
Oliver Platt starred in Working Girl along with Anne Hathaway
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man
It's a sports book that was released in 1999. The Dodgers are a popular team in the American Football League.
I'm not too sure of that one, but I think I'd love to visit it. Have you been there?
No problem, enjoy.
That's a great movie. Do you like it because of the genre or the actors?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down.
It came out in 2015
your welcome
Of course! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
She has a great voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer. Do you know that one?
Oh i didn't know she was on that show. I wonder if she was still alive?
Yes, he died in 2013, the same year that   1 .
Great, enjoy
The next in the series is Lord of the Rings. Have you heard of it?
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a great movie starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, that is correct.
He plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and on the Brazil national football team.
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
He plays the Midfielder and Forward.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some examples are World War Z, Zodiac, The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray.
It stars Willem Dafoe and Michael Shannon.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy that was produced by Richard Roxburgh
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Are you familiar with those?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003. Are you interested in horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and was directed by David Ayer. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't show any other films, I am not sure what is the genre of Sky Crawlers.
I can do that for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
The Secret Garden is another great fantasy film in that genre.
You're welcome!
I've heard a lot about her. I'm a a big fan of Taylor Swift, how about you?
No, I haven't heard of it, what is the genre of Tiktan?
I didn't know that, I've never heard of her. She's a good musician.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I did not know that, did you know it was released in 1951?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has the genre of Comedy and Drama, do you like drama?
Isn't he the one that wrote the Money and Money that he wrote?
Yes, he is one of the most popular actors of his. One of his most famous works is The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have the information for that.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary
The Ugly Truth is an interesting book written by Tom Cruise, is this what you have in mind?
1867
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I know he was born in Chicago
I don't know a lot about basketball except the Superbowl. Who plays for it?
I'm always happy to see the association. I don't know if it's an association sport. Do you have a favorite sport?
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
Yes, that's right. Did you know that Fred Wilpon owns the Boston Red Sox?
I like the Red Sox and the Red Sox. How about you?
He's a great soccer player. He plays on the Mexico national football team right?
Yeah, I'm not familiar with that team, what's your favorite team?
Oh, that's really cool. I'm a fan of James Earl Jones, he's a great actor.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you heard of either of those?
It's a thriller and suspense. Do you like thrillers?
Perhaps you would like something similar to The Mummy Returns or The Scorpion King? Both are great movies!
I'm not sure, but I highly recommend The Hills Have Eyes.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Do you mean what is similar to Trainspotting?
Great, I think you will really enjoy the Indie film, The Stand along with Jodie Foster. Have you seen that one?
Absolutely, it is a very popular one written by Shirley Henderson! She also wrote The House of Mirth which is also an Indie Film, have you seen it yet?
I do! It's an excellent book written by Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more titles from him?
Sure! White House Down and Watchmen are excellent action movies you might enjoy.
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It was written by John Logan.
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Sure. He wrote Tempted, Marked and Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure about young adult fiction. I think you might like Xenocide, The Tenth Circle, and The Green Mile.
Yes, it is part of a series. The next in the series is called Wicked Lovely.
You may enjoy the next in the series, In Her Shoes. They are also young adult fiction series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Of course! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more titles by this author?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
I recommend To Have and Have Not, the Nightingale or The Invisible Man. Both are considered romance.
You're welcome.
I like the Patriots, but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
I'm not really a fan of the Patriots. They're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
The wife, Joaquin Phoenix, is a former American football player. But the Patriots owner of Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
It was a great movie. Peter Kraig starred in it and Rachel Blake
It was directed by Peter Craig
Sounds good.
WALL-E is in the genre of Thriller and Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Have you seen Transformers? its a great movie.
It stars Charlie Hunnam, Charlie Hunnam, and Charlie Hunnam. Do you like any of these actors?
I am not sure what other films he directed, but did you know he also directed The Goonies?
I like him a lot in the movies. Are you a fan of him?
That's right, I did not know that! That is a Thriller/Horror film?
Yes, Russel Brand was in that one. I'm not sure if he's still alive.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon was in that one and also starred in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. You like horror films?
Yes, that was funny too. I also liked him in Gone Baby Gone which was directed by Ron Howard.
Oh I love Anne Hathaway! It's a fashion movie starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on Merryl Streep's , have you seen this one?
I do not recommend that one, it is a drama film
My pleasure, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class is an action, adventure film.
Under the Never Sky and The Time Machine are also Fantasy.
The main lead in this movie is Lord of the Rings, Shaun of the Dead, and the main lead in this movie is Christina Aguilera
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Station Agent and The Road by Viggo Mortensen
Yes, Thomas E Connolly wrote the Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was an Actor and an Actor. He was born in Chicago too.
You're welcome.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Rum Diary is an excellent children's fantasy film. Sam Elliott was also in it. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read either of these?
Then I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Sure, have you read The Dragon Keeper or The Dragon Keeper?
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, that is correct. Dorian Gray was released in 1851. It's a classic.
That came out in 1990.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes it was written by Sarah J.Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord.
Yes, the Throne of Glass was released 2012
The Assassin and the Underworld: Evolution is a similar movie by Sarah J Maas
No problem!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
Correct. Mark Boal wrote the movie The Emperor of Dark Thirty.
I agree. She's a great actress. She was also in The Wedding Singer and The Greatest Show.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team.
Oh, no kidding. What sport do you like?
Sure, do you like the genre of the movie or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
I like golf. My favorite sport is American Football.
They are a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play on the France national football team
I'm a huge fan of soccer. I'm a huge fan of Serena Williams. How about you?
Yes, he was a great player. What sports do you like?
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. Do you want books by this author?
The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind is another good one by Stephen R. Covey
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released in 1989
ok great, the book was also released in 1989
It's a good movie. It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a family genre, The Choocolate Factory is a great family movie
Oh yes that is the one of my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movies
He is also in the movie The Rum Diary, have you seen it?
Yes I do. That was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was released in 1975. Milo Forman directed it.
I do not have that information, but i can tell you he wrote The House of Mirth which is a Historical period drama.
Well, if you like historical period dramas you should check out The House of Mirth, which is also a great choice.
You're very welcome
Lauren Oliver is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine
That is true, the Tambourine Mcartney is an American filmmaker
Yes, he is also a member of The Velvet Underground
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Oh wow. That's a very interesting fact.
No, I am not familiar with that. What sport do you like?
The Island was directed by Michael Bay and stars Tom Everett Scott. Would you like more titles by this director?
I think you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z, that is a great sci-fi film.
It's a good movie starring Jason Bateman and Moby Dick
You're very welcome
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige, and The Dark Knight. Are you familiar with those?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it was a great horror film. Do you like horror?
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises starring Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative Fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
The Throne of Fire was the next in the series
your welcome
He is a football player right?
I know a lot. American Football is a football team coached by lionel messi
Yes, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team. Which team do you like?
Sure! He wrote You Can't Take It With You, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
yes it was in the English language
Oh, okay. Thanks for the information.
Thank you
I don't know too much about them except that Leslie Alexander is the owner of it.
I like basketball and baseball. What sports do you like?
I don't watch basketball much, I think Chicago Bulls is a good team. Do you like basketball?
I see he wrote Candide right?
I actually don't have that information, but he was a musician and musician as well.
The only one I know of by Voltaire is a satire, released in 1759. Would you like to hear more about this?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like children's literature? One of my favorites is The House at Pooh Corner.
Pooh's adventures of Blue's Clues and The House at Pooh Corner are popular. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player. Are you familiar with him?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for the England Patriots.
Thats where the Green Bay Packers play. Do you like soccer?
They are a soccer team coached by Jose Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti.
Real Madrid C.F. is a New York Yankees team. Do you like football?
I like football. Especially the LA Lakers. How about you?
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopian fiction. Do you like books in those genres?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like a recommendation based off genre?
Yes, Steve Buscemi is also in Pulp Fiction and was released in 1994.
Of course! Enjoy!
I know a little bit about him. He was born in Barcelona and plays for the Argentina national football team
It is a young-adult fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure.
I'm sorry I don't have the Spanish version, but I can tell you it was released in 2005
No problem
Not really, but I am a fan of the Atlanta Braves. Are you a fan of the MLB?
They did. They're not doing well this year, but they're still a good team. Are you a baseball fan?
I'm sorry, I don't. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I am not really familiar with them. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. Are you a fan of him?
He was a mash of the Denver Broncos. But the team is the Denver Broncos
I am not a huge fan of this sport. But the Bengals. What about you?
Sure. It was written by Mitch Albon and was released in 1997.
Yes I do! She wrote The Tales of Beedie the Bar and The Princess Diaries. Have you read them?
Cops is the author of The Scarlatti Inheritance.
Oh that's a great movie, I'm going to suggest reading it now.
Yes he is, he is a writer and a film producer.
That was written by Tim Dolin, Thomas Hardy, and Tim Dolin. This book was released in 1891 in English.
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891, the same year that  1.  1 is released
It was released in 1891, the same year The Return of the Native was released.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape. Have you seen it?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. Also he was in The Hate Me 2.
You're most welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Isabelle also starred in Little Women, which is a comedy.
Yes, it is a French film starring Valérie Lemercier.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who's your favorite golf player?
Not really, but I know he was from Ireland. The Golf Club was awesome!
Yep, he's a great pianist.
It has the genres science-fiction, adventure, and adventure. Do you like those genres?
It is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Well there is also the sequel to that, The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is also a sci-fi movie.
Okay, glad to have helped!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Then I would recommend The Kill Order or The One Minute Manager. Both are excellent thrillers.
The Two Towers is another great thriller that is similar to District 9 and State of the Union.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! She a great singer. A Thousand Years is one of my favorite songs.
Yes, he's a very talented person. What's your favorite song of his?
I agree with you! Classic Rock is a classic. Aside from being a great actor, I also like Hayden Panettiere.
I'm not sure about 69 years old, but it was released in 1988.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a young-adult fiction novel.
Sure, Fiery Cross was written by John Green, it is a young adult fiction novel. Are you interested in other speculative fiction books?
Not that I know of, sorry! But I can tell you that he wrote a book called 'Tis: A Memoir in Amber'
You're very welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which is a comedy. Do you like comedy
Have you seen Hangover Part II?
Old School has genre Comedy. what else can i do for you?
I've heard a lot about James Harden, and he's a good player. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes. That is a great movie written by Paula Hawkins.
I haven't read that yet, I haven't read that yet. But I've heard it's a good book for a long time. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote Requiem for a Dream which is also a classic.
Yes, she did. You'll definitely enjoy that short story too.
You're welcome!
I would highly recommend Il Principe, it is a great read.
Yes he wrote it in Spanish and Spanish
I haven't read it but i've heard it was good
There are so many to choose from but a good place to start is the next in the series
Up was written by Pete Docter. It's a family movie.
I don't have any information on her. However, she wrote The Whole Ten Yards. Have you seen that?
It is a crime fiction.
I would recommend Armageddon, it is also a Family movie
You're welcome
Kevin McHale is one player he played for.
The runner up was the runner up
I don't have much information on Hardaway but I know he was a professional basketball player
Yes, Renaldo Balkman was a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and was released in 1982. Would you like more titles by this author?
It was released in 1951. That's the same year The Mist was released.
You're welcome.
Fight Club was directed by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk. Have you seen it?
That movie has the genre Thriller, Mystery, Suspense, Drama, and Action.
I believe it was produced by David Fincher
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm more a Dallas Cowboys fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think?
That's right. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
I like the Browns. They're in the AFC North division right?
He wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is also an author and a cartoonist.
I am not sure but it was released in 2005
Yes he also wrote the movie  [Z no shmetsu]
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagys.
I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you it was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote the book The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
You are welcome.
I would recommend AEon Flux and Zombie Hunter. Have you seen those?
Predators was a Sci-Fi movie before, Predators had genre Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Captain America: Winter Soldier is a superhero movie, do you like superhero movies?
I don't have the information for suspense, but suspense is the Thriller genre.
You're welcome.
I've never read the book, but I know it was written by Billie Letts and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a good one. what else can i do for you?
He also wrote The Crucible, The House of Mirth, The Godfather
OK. Have a great day
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Are there any other movies you would like to see?
Yes she is! That was written by Sex and the City, which is a hilarious movie!
Yes, he was. That was a funny movie by the way!
I do not know of any other films he starred in. I do know that he is also in the film A Bug's Life.
F. Murray Abraham was an excellent writer. He wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. He also starred in the thriller The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies or science fiction?
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, and starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson to name a few.
I am not sure about Unbreakable. I do know it was written by Chris Hemsworth and Robert Downey Jr.
No problem!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like football and baseball. What sports do you enjoy?
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
I don't know much about them other than they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl XXVIII.
I am not too familiar with the Seahawks. What sports do you like?
I like the Steelers. Who is your favorite player?
Oh yes, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. It is a speculative fiction, are you a fan of this genre?
If you enjoy sci-fi, the Xenocide is a great Sci-Fi novel by the same author. It is the followed in the series after Outlander.
Xenocide is also considered a sci-fi adventure novel. Another great sci-fi series by Orson Scott Card is The Terminator and The Order. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
I have not, but I heard it was written by Harper Lee
That's a great book written by Harper Lee but she also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird and The Time Machine
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, as a matter of fact I can say, did you know Jürgen Klinsmann was born in Munich?
I know he's a musician, but I don't know much about his other name.
Sure, do you like this book because it is a speculative fiction?
The Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot. Do you want to know more?
Yes, that is correct. Stephenie Meyer wrote the Twilight
Yes, it is part of the series The Twilight Saga
Sure, have fun reading!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington, Jim Sturgess, Jeff Bridges, and Jim Broadbent.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which is an animated film!
It's considered a comedy-drama.
Great, I hope that you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Well he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Do you like her comedy?
Yes, she starred in a television show called The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
She has starred in The Men in Black 3, The Running Man, and The Horse and His Boy. Would you like to see one of those?
Ron Howard starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy genres?
Have you heard of A Beautiful Mind? It was produced by him.
He was in Journey to the Center of the Earth, which was a drama as well.
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Speaking of Brad Pitt, did you know that Angelina Jolie also starred in Troy?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box and it was released in 2000.
Yes, it is a Thriller / Thriller.
Well if you like Fantasy, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Both great movies.
You're welcome
Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Assassin and the Underworld
The Throne of Fire is a Fantasy
Well it's a part of the series The Assassin and the Underworld
Sure. It is a science fiction/fantasy written by Ronald Dahl. Are you interested in this genre?
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 1997. If you like that genre, I would suggest watching X-Men: The Last Stand.
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like movies with Sandra Bullock in it or a thriller genre?
Well if you like Sandra Bullock, you might also enjoy Catch-22. It's a a thriller that was written by Charles Dickens.
All About Steve is a comedy and drama film.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes I do. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
He wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska. Have you read any of these?
I don't have that information but I think it was released in 2008
Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
It was released the same year as The Odyssey of Pat Tillman.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, i believe so
I believe they are romance novels
Your welcome
I do! Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It-Ralph. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he was. He also directed the movie, Sreck-It Ralph
Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph? He also starred in it.
I don't know much about her other than that she is a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I like Serena better than Venus. Venus better than Serena.
I'm not sure what genre it is. What genre is it?
Sure! He directed The Skulls. Have you seen that?
Yes, some of the actors in that movie are Stephen McEveety, Stephen McEveety, Stephen McEveety and Stephen McEveety
Sure, it is a thriller, so is The Watchmen. Would you like to hear more?
You might like The Mist or The Lawnmower Man. Both are good films to be considered science fiction.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels.
Then you'll enjoy Without Fail by John Scalzi and The Next in the series.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. Other books in the Fantasy genre include The Golden Compass and The Martian Chronicles.
Of course, you might enjoy the next in the series, The Little House Collection, or The Golden Compass.
Sure, enjoy the books!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier.
It's a mystery book. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon and Daphne du Maurier. Apparently he acted in the movie.
No problem, I am happy to help.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. The team's head coach is John Fox. Do you like them?
Case Keenum was a former American footballer who was ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings. He played the New England Patriots last year with his rival rivals the New England Patriots
James Wardens is their coach. He's a great player.
Who is your favorite basketball player?
He's a great player. He's a basketball player too. He's my favorite team!
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am not sure, but did you know he plays for Manchester United F.C?
Yep. They're the home stadium in the United States.
Wrinkle in Time is a young-adult fiction written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is also a Speculative Fiction.
Great! Zoe's Tale is a great science fiction book that is also a great book.
Yes it was, it was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I'm not really a fan of his. I like his song One Time. What is your favorite song of his?
I like the song I Like It. What is your favorite song of his?
I haven't but I've heard a lot about him lately. Have you been to some of his songs?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel. Have you read this one yet?
The Phantom Tollbooth is an American novelist, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, have a great day.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
That's right! The movie starring Woody Harrelson was awesome!
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote and directed A Very Long Engagement which stars André Dussollier
I'm not sure what genre it is, but it is a thriller.
I'm not sure if it's a good movie. I'm sorry I don't have the information for Zulu.
You are welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us and The World According to Garp. Have you read those?
I haven't read those yet, but i'm sure he will enjoy it.
That's a great one, yes he will love it.
It's an autobiography written by Emma McLaughlin
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Are you referring to Tony Gilroy who wrote The Virgin Suicides?
I would recommend The X-Men, which is a mystery as well.
The Red Violin was released in 1994 and stars Frank Welker. Are you familiar with this actor?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
