The movie RED was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like action movies?
If you liked the movie RED, you should enjoy both of them. It's a great action adventure movie.
Do you like Death Wish because of the Hitman's Bodyguard?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2012 and is a Speculative Fiction
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and stars Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
She's been in a number of films including There's Something About Mary, Angelina Jolie Pitt, and The Three Musketeers.
It's a great movie. It's a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no but Sarah Dessen is a scientist.
yes she did. The Moon and More is also a film adaptation.
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it is starring Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Liam Neeson. Do you like any of those actors?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Is he a cricket player?
He is currently playing for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't have any information on any of the players on the team, but Ravichandran Ashwin is from India.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He's been in a lot of great movies. He's been in a lot of great films.
Yes, it was written by J. K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! Enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
No, I don't know him. Is he a basketball player?
I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers. What is your favorite sport?
I heard Dimitar Berbatov plays for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2010.
No problem, enjoy!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many others. Would you like to know more?
Wild Geese is a Romance Film and Twisted Nerve is also in that genre. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Game is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't seen any of them, but I do enjoy thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I think you'll enjoy it. Enjoy!
Will do! Enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rachel McAdams. Do you like her work?
Brian Geragtly starred in The Hotel New Hampshire and The Hotel New Hampshire.
Would you like other horror films starring Brian Geraghty?
Yes, it is classified as Thriller/Horror.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October.
The Hunted is a romantic comedy and The French Connection is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film starring Matt Damon. Do you like horror films?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his books?
Then you might like Zoe's Tale is a great one.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his books?
The clockwork princess is written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Unforgiven has a genre Drama and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Morgan Freeman and Clint Eastwood starred in Unforgiven.
If you like Morgan Freeman, I think you'll enjoy X-Men movies.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a well known actress and starred in the movie The Hunger Games Triology
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I love Madonna's music. Did you know that she starred in some movies?
She's a great actress. She's also a voice actor, songwriter, and actress. I can't recall any of her songs.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Guy Ritchie starred in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy.
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes he did play for the Chennai Super Kings.
You are welcome.
Sure Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Is there a genre you like to read?
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey. what else can i answer for you?
Isn't that a sport team?
I've never heard of them but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Warrior's Way, The Iliad, and many others. Have you seen any of those?
It's a great movie starring Jane Adams. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 2012.
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote Taken 2, and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and The Mechanic.
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I haven't seen their game. Are you a fan?
I think Mike McCarthy has a knack for making the playoffs. I don't follow the game much.
Aaron Rodgers is a great quarterback.
Iron Man has a genre of Thriller, do you like those genres?
Yes, Peter Gallagher is an actor. He starred in some great movies. Are you a fan?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C. Without Fail?
That's a good one. It was written by George Clooney. Do you like his work?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you looking for more books written by Dean Koontz?
It was written by Jeffrey Eugenides, who also wrote Odd Thomas.
Sure. He also wrote Odd Thomas, which is a thriller.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Treasure Island?
No problem!
I think he's a great singer, but I don't really follow her. What do you think?
I don't know much about the music in the dance genre. Do you like Nicki Minaj?
I've heard that one. Do you like Nicki Minaj?
Sure, Something Borrowed has genre Speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Yes, 2012 was the year that released Where We Belong.
Then you'll like The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up.
Groundhog Day was produced by Wes Anderson. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure about him. Is he a good actor?
I'm not sure, but he wrote Year One, which is a comedy. Do you enjoy that genre?
Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama film starring Channing Tatum. It's a romantic comedy.
He's written a lot of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Brendon Urie is an composer and song writer. He's a great pianist. Do you like his music?
yes he is
I haven't had a chance to listen to them
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly. Do you like that author?
Do you like Ben Stiller? He's in a couple of movies. He's in a lot of movies.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Ben Stiller? He was in a couple of movies.
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
They are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by George Orwell?
He also wrote Animal Farm, a Fairy Story and The Pacifier. Have you read those?
Are you referring to the book The Color Purple?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1964
Temple of My Familiar has a genre Drama
Welcome
Are you looking for something in the same genre or something in the same genre?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or X-Men 2?
Sure Lady Vengeance stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken.
I don't have any information on any of her movies, but Kim Yoo Jung starred in The Proposal.
Glad to help!
The Ice Storm is a good one, have you read it?
He produced The Ice Storm and The Hunt for Red October.
Sure! Woody Allen wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, Waiting to Exhale. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Zsa Gabor, but I know she also wrote The Incredibles.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, it was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, there was. Jurassic Park III was directed by Peter Buchman.
Yes. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
I think he is a good golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about golf but I do know Rickie Fowler is from the United States of America.
Haha, I've seen that movie. It stars Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
Do you like books written by J. R. R. Tolkien?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings? It's fantasy.
Yes, The Silmarillion is a fantasy book. The Silmarillion was written by JRR Tolkien.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's considered a horror film. If you like horror, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great! I'll add Shark Night to your watch list.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? It's a classic!
If you like X-Men movies, I think you'll enjoy the first one.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso was Born in New York and is an American film based on the United States of America.
Sure. Joss Ackland has also starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Fault in Our Stars.
The genre for The Little Prince is Historical period drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
That's a great movie. Did you know it also stars Anne Hathaway?
He was also in the movie a couple of years ago.
Die hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction film starring Bruce Willis. Do you like that genre?
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
If you like Bruce Willis, you should also enjoy The Last Hero.
Alien is a sci-fi and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men, or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Bats is a series of horror movies. It's part of a series of movies. Do you like horror movies?
You're welcome!
Sure! David Lynch has directed some great films. He's been in a lot of great films. He's been in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, he did. That's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Will do! Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Quentin Tarantino.
He is a screenwriter and writer. He wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure! Brett Helquist is an author who wrote The Wide Window
The End was released in 1982 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, Lemony Snicket is an American author from the United States of America. He is also a teacher and a teacher.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, he does and he is also a musician.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help with?
Ok. I will send you a link to the movie now.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
If you like Windtalkers, you might also like The Mechanic. It's a drama.
It's starring Will Ferrell. It's a drama.
Glad I could help.
I think he is a good athlete. Do you like him?
I don't play much football, I prefer American Football or soccer. What about you?
That's a good one. I've been a fan since I've read the book and watched the movie.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Dave Pelzer
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is another good one. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about the Kansas City Chiefs, but I do know they are owned by Zack Snyder.
They're in the AFC West division. Is there anything else I can help with?
They are part of the AFC West, as well as the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Yes, I would recommend it.
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like independent music like The Day After Tomorrow. What about you?
Yes, I can. One of my favorites from him is Into the Wild. Have you heard it?
You're welcome.
Sure, Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know much about basketball but I know they are owned by Dwayne Johnson. Are you a fan?
That was a great game! It was the final match against the Chicago Bulls.
Sure, Christopher Nolan directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he wrote Unstoppable and The Fountain. Have you read those?
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
It is very old, but I am not sure about рестуление и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Marvelous Land of Oz is similar to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars? They are both fantasy.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy or Children's literature? It's one of my favorites.
Glad to help! Enjoy the book!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. Do you like soccer?
Yes he plays for the Germany national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, Yuvan Shankarkar is a famous athlete.
I haven't seen the movie, but I have heard of it. I haven't seen the movie yet. Are you a fan?
Are you looking for books written by Corn of Thorns or other books written by Corn of Thorns?
Sure! She also wrote Roses, Roses, and Joy. Have you read those?
I would recommend Witch & Wizard which was also released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Sure! James Cameron directed Avatar. Have you seen that one?
That's correct. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure but Titanic came out in 2012.
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you like romance novels you'll like Welcome to Temptation
Yes, The Voyager is considered a Romance novel. Another good romance novel you might enjoy is The Time Machine.
Sure! Suzanne Collins wrote The Hunger Games, The Hunger Games, and Mister Pi. Have you read any of those?
I agree. Do you like Serena Williams? She's great.
I've never seen that one. Is there anything I can help you with?
Wow! That's interesting to know. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, she is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Did you know that she won the U.S. Women's Golfer of the year?
Did you know he won the LPGA Championship in 2008?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote Three Years to Sin. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Do you like books written by Sylvia Day?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
The Handmaid Tale is a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Handmaid's Tale was written by Margaret Atwood. Would you like to know other books by her?
I haven't heard much about him but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter.
The move Carlos is a thriller. The move is starring Martha Higareda. Would you like to know more?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! Untamed: A House of Night Novel is written by H.G. Wells. Do you like speculative fiction?
Tahereh Mafi wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings Sings.
Yes, 2014 was the year that released The Truth About Love was released.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and is a Fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Tales of Beedle the Bar was a great fantasy novel. Have you read it?
Happy to help!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed, have you read that?
We Are Water was released in 2014. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen it?
Machine Gun Preacher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
It was released in 1999 and is a drama.
Will do! Enjoy!
You are welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace
It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Un Lunn Dun is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Your welcome.
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a satire or because it is a satire?
Sure! Straw Dogs is a legal thriller that was released in 2012.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince? It is also fantasy.
You're welcome.
Sure, Mindy Kaling wrote The Time Machine, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, and The Lorax.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is an autobiographical novel. Do you like Autobiography?
It's a post- apocalyptic fiction. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение and вана и аренина и мира.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke is an author, she wrote The Twilight Series. Have you heard of it?
The movie stars Seth Rogen and Danny McBride. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know anything about her but I can tell you that she also directed the movie True Grit.
He is a soccer player from England. Do you like soccer?
He played for Manchester United F.C. and the Denver Nuggets. Do you know them?
Yes he is. Do you know who he is?
I haven't seen it, but I do like Locker because it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was. Do you like his movies?
Oh yeah, he was great in that as well. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Would you like to read it?
That's a good one. Did you know she also starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's a young adult novel. It's considered a classic.
Hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an actor. He starred in Cars 2. Are you a fan?
Yes. Johnny Depp is also in Wonderland. Do you like Johnny Depp?
The Rum Diary is a children's movie starring Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy them!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I know they are coached by David Platt. Are you a fan?
Sure, some of the current players are René Meulensteen, Ryan Giggs and Roger Federer
You're welcome
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
Then you'll like The Man in the Iron Mask
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie
The Simpsons movie was written by David Silverman. It is a comedy.
Yes, they are very interesting. The Simpsons Movie is based on the television series The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
I am not a huge fan of him. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
Not really. I've been to a fan since I've been to a couple of times.
Graham Gooch is an author. He wrote Sherlock Holmes.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Of course! Orlando Bloom starred in Troy, Pirates of the Caribbean and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Death Cure is a young adult fiction novel written by James Dashner. Do you like young adult fiction?
It was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. If you like young adult fiction, you might also like The Scorch Trials.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
Did you like it because it was written by Kate Beckensale?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure about Daniel Radcliffe, but I can't find any information on his performance. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure, but Daniel Radcliffe was also in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Have you seen Grindhouse or Death Proof? They are both great movies
Death Proof is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I love her music. Did you know she is also an actor?
He directed Escape from New York and Escape from New York. Have you seen those?
He's a great actor. He also starred in The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Emma Thompson starred in The Dirty Dozen. Do you like her movies?
The Lord of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom, Orlando Bloom, and Orlando Bloom.
He also starred in Troy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
I agree, she is a very good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Serena has quite a few titles to choose from. Do you like tennis?
Oh, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he plays for the Colombian Football team. Are you a fan?
I don't have that information, I do know that he is a captain.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
Would you like to know other movies written by John Hughes?
Home Alone has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You're welcome
I haven't heard much of his music, but I heard he is a good singer
I like his music. Do you know if he is in that movie?
I agree. Selena Gomez is very talented too. She has a lot of talent in her songs.
Do you like movies written by Stephen King?
He also starred in the Green Mile. Have you seen that?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
Yes, it's more speculative fiction and fantasy.
Yes, it is considered Speculative fiction.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic also starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
The Last Crusade was written by Philip Kaufman. what else can i answer for you?
Rohit Sharma is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
He is a Cricket player from India. Do you like Cricket?
I am not sure but he is an Athlete.
Yes, he is athlete and was born in Nagpur.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read those?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1994. That's the same year that The Doors of Perception was released.
Yes, Jim Morrison also got the band name. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and David McRaney.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Prestige and The Suspense Book. Have you read those?
The film is classified as a thriller and a suspense novel.
Without Remorse is considered a thriller. It is also a film starring Matt Damon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like sci-fi?
The genre is Thriller
The Thirteenth Floor starred Rory Kinnear and Brad William.
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Did you like The Help because it's a drama?
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in The Help?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Ryan Reynolds starred in Tinker Bell?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
No, I haven't. Is it a drama/mystery?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham. Do you like thrillers?
The Client is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Client was written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
I think he is a great football player, but I don't really follow soccer much.
He plays on the Argentina national football team and plays as a striker
I enjoy watching football as a teenager
Who is your favorite team?
Football means American football. Packer is a great player
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
Do you follow soccer closely?
They are coached by David Platt.
The Time Traveler's Wife is written by H.G. Wells. He also wrote Lord of War
Violets Are Blue is a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Zoombies is written by Luc Besson
That book was written by Virginia Woolf. Do you like her books?
Well, he wrote Robinson Crusoe. Have you read any of his books?
It's considered Speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
She did! Do you like Call Me Maybe because it is a pop music?
Yes, that was a great year for her! That was a fun show as well.
That's a great song. Did you know that she also wrote Call Me Maybe, that's a classic!
He directed Hotel Transyvania. Have you seen that one?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Aiken. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madame Bovary is similar to mark overstall
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
He was a writer and a musician. He was born in London. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Would you like to know anything else?
Madame Bovary is a romance novel and was released in 1856.
Well, if you like fiction, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
Happy to help!
He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, Joseph Conrad wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a great book. Did you know Joseph Conrad also wrote A Simple Tale
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2004.
Sure! He wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read that?
There's Wolves of the Calla and The House of Mirth.
Cormac McCarthy wrote Your Heart Belongs to Me. Have you read it?
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 1988.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Eyre and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, enjoy!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
Lamb also wrote The Tao of Pooh and The Tao of Pooh.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Veronika Decide Morrer is a novelist and author.
He is playing for the Boston Red Sox. Do you like basketball?
I am a huge fan of baseball. My favorite sport is Basketball. How about you?
I grew up with the Lakers when they moved to LA. The Lakers are coached by James Patterson.
O Alquimista was written by Alan Coelho and was released in 1988. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Alchemist is in English. I do not know of any of his other books in English. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I will.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
You're welcome, Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It is a romance novel. A couple of my favorites are Beautiful Darkness and Beautiful Redemption. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
Throne of Glass is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Hope you enjoy it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like those kinds of books?
Kodi also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is an action film. Do you like Kodi as an actor?
No problem, enjoy!
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gremlins has many great Drama movies. Is there a particular genre you like?
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure, This Is The End is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure about the genre but Evan Goldberg was in Into The Wild.
I'm not sure who else stars in Whatever It Takes, but Evan Goldberg is a great actor
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote and is a Thriller. Do you like War films?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Have you read those?
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Sure! Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
He was in Jerry Jones. Have you seen Jerry Jones? He's a great actor.
Zach Galifianakis was in that. Do you know him?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, and starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey movies?
It is a Sci-Fi/Action/Action movie starring Steve Carell and Jeff Bridges. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a political thriller
Sure! Josh Hutcherson starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is an action adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Warrior's Way and The Kids Are All Right.
Game Change is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome.
Sure! Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey, Tina Fey, and Tina Fey. Have you read any of her books?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up. Have you seen those?
Yes, Cicely Tyson is also a screenwriter. Did you know she was born in Rochester?
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was written by George Lucas. Do you like Sci-Fi films?
Indiana Jones starred in The Last Samurai. Are you a fan?
It is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
She's also written Circling the Sun. Have you heard of those?
It's a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
I'm not sure, but it's fiction. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
Sure! She starred in The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
She starred in The Matrix series as well as several other children's films. Have you seen any of those?
That's a good one. Have you seen Back to the Future Part II?
He also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Great! Apocalypse Now is a classic, and Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Godfather Part II.
Sure, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Memoirs of a Cleopatra, The Three Musketeers and The Three Musketeers. Have you read those?
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a Romance novel. If you like romance novels, I think you'll enjoy it.
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know he wrote Män som hatar kvinnor.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Sure! She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Sure, Margery Williams Bianco also wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is classified as Speculative fiction and children's literature.
The Giver is written by William Nicholson
I think he's a good Quarterback
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.
I haven't been to a long time but I haven't been to a few games. I've been wanting to see them play the Oakland Raiders.
That's true, it was a lot of fun to watch since the Bills lost to the Bills. Do you like any other players?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,The Titan's Curse is also written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure! Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University. He also starred in Monsters University.
Steve Buscemi is also in Monsters University, if you haven't seen that one.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book.
Yes, he wrote Desperado. Do you like his music?
Yes, I like all the music in the Latin music genre
I haven't listened to some of his music, but I haven't heard much of them but I've heard they're good.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It's considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and has genre Science. Are you interested in either of those genres?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is also a story of cancer. Other biographies you might enjoy are Wet Hot American Summer, The Painted Veil, and The Painted Veil.
It's a biography. It's also a biography. It's a biography. Do you like biographies?
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is written by Richard Kelly. It's a historical period drama.
I think she's a great singer. I like her in Valentine's Day, how about you?
Yeah, Taylor Swift is an amazing singer. I like her in Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Valentine's Day.
Yeah, Shakira is a great singer. Is she also a singer?
She starred in White Squall and The Thin Red Line. Have you seen those?
It is a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Coming of Age is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Secret Life of Bees is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You too!
Sure! Dickens wrote many great books, including Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and many others. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's an autobiographical novel.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he has a long list of books.
Great! Hope you enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Marley & me is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Scream is a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, if you liked that one, you might also enjoy Zodiac. Have you seen it?
Sure! It's a horror movie. It was directed by Wes Craven. If you've seen it, you should enjoy it.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables.
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expedables. Do you like him?
It's a great movie. Do you know who also starred in Redbelt? It's a thriller.
The City ofheavenly fire is written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
The genre for City of Bones is City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones and City of Bones. If you haven't already, City of Bones is a classic!
If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. They're both fantasy.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Royal Kill is starring Rory Kinnear, Robert De Niro and Nicolas Cage.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China? I don't know much about him.
That's cool. Did you know that he's a table tennis player?
I've been a fan since they were runner-ups in the 2012 Olympics.
Have a nice day
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's starring Matt Damon. Do you like him? He's a great actor.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls.
The Skulls also starred Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde. Do you like them?
You're welcome.
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal and Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he did
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
Yes he plays for the South Africa team. Are you a fan?
Sure! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's starring Eddie Redmayne, and Eddie Redmayne
Glad I could help
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others, have you seen that one?
The Tourist is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The movie stars Nicole Kidman and Roger Reese.
It was released in 2007. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Tourist was written by Frances Mayes. It is a thriller.
Glad I could help!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXII. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he's a great point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yeah, that's true. I've been a fan since they made the playoffs.
Jane Eyre wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you read those?
Michael Mason also wrote Jane Eyre
Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I enjoy watching college football in the US. What about you?
No I didn't. I've never heard of him.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that book?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a Tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it's genre is speculative fiction and was released in 2010.
Yes, James Frey directed and produced the movie A Million Little Pieces.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
Yes. Shakespear's Tale was a comedy.
Sure. I will add that as well.
I know he plays on the Germany national football team.
Yes Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and defender as well.
I am a fan of American Football but I don't follow American Football much. Do you follow soccer?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player from Belgium. Do you like tennis?
Is she a singer/songwriter from Nashville?
No, I didn't. I know Call Me Maybe won the Grammy for Best Video of the Year
Oh wow. That's a good one. I think she's signed too much for her as well.
Sure! Do you like Jaws because it is written by Stanley Kubrick?
Yes! Keith Gordon starred in Jaws 2 as well. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Louis Sachar. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Rob Cohen wrote the movie The Road to El Dorado.
The skulls is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in The Road to El Dorado. It is also a psychological thriller.
I am not sure what else she has starred in, but I can tell you that Leslie Bibb has also starred in Wilde
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. I know they are owned by Lois Lowry.
I'm a huge fan of the San Diego Chargers, but I don't like the Buccaneers.
I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers. What about you?
I think they are a good band. Do you like them?
Somewhere I Belong is a pop rock movie. Do you like that genre?
Somewhere I Belong is a popular one. Somewhere I Belong is another popular one.
I do like American football. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
They did! They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXXXVIII. They're a great team!
The New England Patriots beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like Patriots?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It's one of my favorites.
Yes, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone is a true story.
Sure, do you like Tom Skerrit movies?
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure! Garfield has also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
They are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Not really a fan of the sport, but I've seen a few games in a few games.
I like tennis better than football.
The Book of Eli is a film starring Hugh Laurie. Do you like Thrillers?
She starred in Mila Kunis and in The Book of Eli. Have you seen those?
Ted starred Al Pacino. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I do enjoy Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Do you like fantasy movies?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi or Thriller?
He was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Waiting also starred Hugh Jackman and Joaquin Phoenix.
You're welcome.
True Grit is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, Matt Damon starred in True Grit and The People Speak, have you seen those?
Sure! He's been in so many great movies, including True Grit, The People Speak, and The People Speak.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
He also directed Twilight. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
King Kong is a horror film starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like horror films?
It is classified as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might like Zoe's Tale, or X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it's a great one. I think you'll enjoy it.
They are a sports team based in Chicago. Do you like them?
They're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Oh wow! That's amazing! That's a tough time for them. Yesterday was a great game.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This Is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
The End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you interested in either of these actors?
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Channing Tatum also starred in The Longest Day & The Secret Life of Bees.
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Channing Tatum.
You're welcome.
The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes has been in so many great films. Have you seen Red Dragon? He was also in The Red Dragon.
You are welcome
Schindler's List is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Lion King is a great movie. Do you like fiction?
If you like The Lion King, I would also recommend Zodiac. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Hancock is starring Will Smith. Will Smith starred in it?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
Shia LaBeouf is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
I'll play it for you now.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
I don't follow football much, but I know Fabio Capello is also a midfielder as well.
I like basketball. I like the New England Patriots. How about you?
That's a great Christmas movie. Steve McQueen wrote and directed it. Are you a fan?
I like contemporary R &B, do you like them?
I've never heard much about South Korea, but I do know that they have a boy band. They are a couple of my favorites.
I'm not sure, but I've been meaning to visit Seoul a few years ago. They are amazing.
Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and many others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Anna Kendrick is also in it. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for something in the same genre or in the same genre?
The Wolverine stars Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Damned. Have you read it?
He was also a teacher and a teacher.
No, I don't have any information about his films, but I do know that Ziggy Marley starred in Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
He was also in Jumanji. Have you seen Jumanji?
Sure! Epatha Merkerson wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you seen it?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Steven D. Levitt is an author who wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Do you like thrillers?
Did you know that Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything?
I have not. Stephen J. Dubner is an author who wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
That's a great book. Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Truman Capote. Have you read any of these?
Sure, he wrote The War of the Worlds and The Neon Bible. Have you read those?
Yes, it is considered children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a great movie. Ben Feldman also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Coldplay is a band with Justin Timberlake. Do you like his music?
Sure, it is a Thriller and was released in 2004. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I can tell you that there is also a film starring Will Smith and Rosario Dawson
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods and Dreams of Gods. Do you like Dreams?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
It was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I agree! He's a great basketball player. Did you know that he's from Oakland?
That's interesting. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I haven't but I've seen him in person. Is he a good player?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
It was written by Rhett Reese. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure. He starred in Zombie's Tale, The Revenant, and many others. Have you seen any of those?
Do you like Big Fish because it is a family comedy?
Yes. Kenny Ortega also starred in Tinker Bell, The Shopaholic to the Stars and The Shopaholic to the Stars.
Yes, he has many great romantic movies. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
Sure, Zambezia has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
The Nets are a basketball team owned by Wayne Huizenga.
Did you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
If you like action movies, you might like Zombieland.
It is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure, do you like it because it's a romance or a drama?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel as well as Speculative fiction
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she is a tennis player. She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, but I know Serena is also a tennis player from Mumbai. Do you like tennis?
I have never seen them but they are very talented!
Sure, he starred in a few movies. Is there a certain genre you are interested in?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he starred in Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
It was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, but I don't know much about her
I don't have any information on the album, but I do know that Jar of Hearts was released in 1985.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
I haven't seen his movie, but I have seen him in a few movies. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's good. Do you like crime fiction?
No, Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors. Have you seen that movie?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling, who also starred in The Lorax.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added to your watch list.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete that plays soccer as a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Christian Bale. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes, Leo wrote Theo Tolstoy.
I'm not sure. But, Leo wrote Tolstoy's most recent movie is a sequel to Tolstoy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. Do you like romance books?
Yes she is a good author. She wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure, The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake, Justin Timberlake, and many more. It is a biographical film.
Sure, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network and The Other Guys, have you seen them?
You're welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling is a great writer. Some of his most well-known works are The Assassin and the Desert and The Blade Runner.
Have you read The Temple of My Familiar? It's similar to Zadie Smith.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Have you seen those?
The Fog is a science fiction film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog stars Tom Hanks. Do you like science fiction movies?
Curtis was also in The Puffy Chair. Have you seen that one?
Escape from New York is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Lord of the Rings was written by JRR Tolkien. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Women in Love was written by JRR Tolkien
He also wrote The Invisible Man and The House of Mirth
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Have you seen it?
Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is a Science Fantasy novel.
Yes. The Chocolate War was written by Sarah Silverman. Do you like her books?
Wicked Lovely is a good children's literature. It's part of a series.
It's a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Mumbai Indians
Slumdog Millionaire is an Indie film. Do you like Indie films?
It was released in 2013. Do you like romance movies?
You're welcome.
I know a little about Aidan Turner. Are you a fan?
He also starred in the Hobbit series.
The genre is Fantasy
The Looking Glass Wars is fantasy movie
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Zoe's Tale is a great children's book. Would you like to know more about Z for Zachariah?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is Speculative fiction. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, The Goldfinch was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes Donna Tartt also wrote, The Secret History
Yes, Dinna Tarrt is from Los Angeles, United States of America
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like the genre or the author?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
Yes, it was released in 2015. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a good choice. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure! F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curse of the Midas Box, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
It is. It's a fictional novel. It's considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome.
Sure! Tim Miller wrote Deadpool. Have you read that one?
The Black Hat is a horror movie starring Hilary Swank
The Goon and Black Hat is an action movie, have you seen The Goon?
No problem, enjoy!
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro, and Pan's Labyrinth. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is a Spanish movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on the genre for Pan's Labyrinth, but I do know that Alex Angulo is also an author and a musician.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie. Have you seen this one?
Enchanted is a great movie!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes he did. Did you know that George Carlin starred in Kate Nelligan?
The Vampire Chronicles was written by Michael York, did you know that he also wrote The Greatest Show?
Yes, I like Frédéric Mugler, he wrote . Have you read it?
I haven't had a chance to read it, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a historical period drama?
I do like dramas. Did you know Francis Ford Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II?
Robert Duvall also stars in The Godfather II. Have you seen that movie?
It was written by Sean Penn. Do you like him?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Thin Red Line, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Adventure movies are always fun to watch and if you haven't seen them I recommend True Grit and The Wild.
Me too! Did you know that Garth Williams starred in The Assassination of Jesse James?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
Sure! Les Miserables is a film that was directed by Tom Hooper, who also directed The Miserables
Have a good day!
I think he is a great singer, song writer, singer, and singer. I like his song Tiny Beautiful Things. What do you think?
I'm not a big fan of her music. I think he was in Valentine's Day. What is your favorite song?
I've always liked her music. I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I've heard of her.
I've always been a fan!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure about that. Are you a fan?
The Maze Runner is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The author is Rick Riordan
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Arundhati Roy has written several books including The God of Small Things. Would you like to know more about those?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Steve Buscemi
You're welcome.
Are you looking for a specific genre?
The book was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction.
i have not read the book but i know Mark Isham wrote the book
Sure, she wrote Dracula.
Do you like romance novels? I would recommend The Invisible Man.
The Invisible Man is similar to Dracula.
You're welcome.
Yes, that's a great movie. It stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom.
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Of course! He's a great actor. I hope you enjoy it!
I think they are a great team, did you know their mascot is named Toro?
Not really. But I've been a fan since Dallas Cowboys were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That's interesting. Did you know that Jerry Jones owns the Texans stadium?
Julian Glover starred in Troy, have you seen that?
Emily Blunt and Joaquin Phoenix also starred in it. Do you like them?
It came out in 2014. Did you know that Saffron Burrows starred in it?
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which was also made into a movie.
It was released in 1946 which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The Waves was also released in 1931. Do you like historical period dramas?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I know she is married to Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal. Do you like tennis?
Oh, I've been a fan since they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen
I'm not sure what else was released in 1989. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
The Avengers was written by Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn and stars Hugh Jackman
The movie was released in 2014.
Glad to be of help
Sure, do you like Crazy, Stupid, Love because it is written by Dan Brown?
Well Ryan Gosling starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
He is from the United States of America and is also a scientist.
The Dead Zone is Speculative fiction and fantasy
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Rob Lowe starred in a Romance Film
Sure, do you like Forrest Gump because it is starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Princess and the Frog. Would you like to know more?
Larry Crowne is probably one of the most popular movies in the 90's.
Glad to see them! I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Yes, it is classified as a thriller and a suspense novel. Do you like that genre?
The Returned stars Steve Oedekerk. It's a great movie.
I am not a huge fan of Pete Carroll, but I do enjoy their coach Pete Carroll. How about you?
It seems there's a town in the National Football Conference, but I don't know much about the Seahawks.
Yes, the stadium has a lot of twists and turns out there.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli and released in 2010.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring. Have you read it?
Sure! Wicked Lovely was written by Melissa Marr. It is a Young-adult fiction.
I think he is a good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's true. Did you know he starred in a lot of movies?
I like Federer too. He's a great tennis player. How about you?
Sure! Mary GrandPre is a writer, director, and director. Some of her most famous works include The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're correct. JK Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, do you like the author Liane Moriarty?
That's correct. Big Little Lies was also written by Liane Moriarty. It's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They're a pretty good team, but I don't follow them much. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
They are having a good season. They're having a good season.
I agree. He is a great player.
Yes! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
There is X-Men 2 , X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Hugh Jackman.
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place has a genre Historical period drama. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
Have you seen "Warrior" or "Warrior"?
Ok. Is there anything else I can help with?
Ok, enjoy!
He directed Cloudy with a Chance of meatballs. Have you seen it?
Both Seth Rogen and Jake Gyllenhaal star in 22 Jump Street.
Yes, he was also in White House Down with Channing Tatum.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like his movies?
Great, I'll add that to your list.
Yes, she was. No Strings Attached was written by Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Have you seen World War Z? It is a sci-fi movie.
Zombieland has a lot of actors in Zombieland. Do you know any of them?
I don't know when it was released.
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Future Past, and The Last Days of Future Past. Have you read those?
Yes, another good read is The Trilogy of the Traveling Pants.
You are welcome!
A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I would recommend Witch & Wizard. It's a great read.
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another great Fiction Novel, have you read that one?
To Have and Have Not was directed by Ernest Hemingway. A Farewell to Have and Have Not was released in 1989.
Do you like Groundhog Day because it is a drama or a comedy?
Charlie Hunnam stars in Year One. Do you like him?
Yes Harold Ramis starred in Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I think they are a good band. Do you like them?
The Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like action movies?
Another great Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is. If you like Adventure movies, you should check out Zombieland as well.
I'm not sure, but I know she was in Seven Sons.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Baschett starred in The Iliad. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also starred in The Valley of Horses.
I am not sure when he started his career. Is he a comedian?
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gaiman?
The book was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You are welcome.
It is written by Joel Coen. Do you like his work?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in True Grit and The Wildest Dream.
It was directed by Luisa May Alcott. Would you like to hear more about her?
Do you like the movie because it is sci-fi or because it is a thriller?
It's a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
It is definitely a spy genre. Do you like spy movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me Before You was written by Jodi Picoult
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides which is a Speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes he was. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, there is a book called Dumas released in 1844 called The Count of Monte Cristo released in 1844.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote mystery, speculative fiction, and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
I have not, but if you like Peter Capaldi I would also recommend The Last Samurai.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote Water for Elephants which is a Historical fiction. Do you like Historical fiction?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins has a sequel called The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome!
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It's a thriller.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
Yes, he wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Is that the genre you like?
You're welcome
The Matrix Reloaded starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen The Matrix Revisited? It's also Sci-Fi.
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. Have you seen the movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her music. Are you a fan?
Yes she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Chorography and the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography
Oh yes, Australia is a place to check out if you haven't already. It is a beautiful place to visit.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like romance films, you'll like Zoe's Tale is a good one.
Yes, it is a great romance movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
You may enjoy Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead and is considered a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy books?
Yes, it was also written by Richelle Mead
Sure! Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or Fantasy?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or a particular genre?
Yes, Will Ferrell has starred in some of his movies. I think he's a great actor in that movie as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, did you know that?
Ted Danson is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Sure, Maruice Hindle wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Yes, The Modern Prometheus was also written by Maurice Hindle
Yes they are written in English. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read that?
It was released in 1856. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I know they are owned by Zygi Wilf. Are you a fan?
Do you know anything about the Cowboys? I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I love hockey! My favorite sports team is the Lakers.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy story
Toy Story 3 is a sci-fi action film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a Thriller if you like Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks too, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! Sending it now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I've never heard of it. Is he a basketball player?
I like basketball. I'm a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Sure! It's a sci-fi thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
William Sanderson starred in Blade Runner. He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
It's more of an action/adventure/action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
That's a good one. It also stars Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of his?
There is a movie called "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it.
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point, The Missing, and The Missing. Have you seen any of these?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
The genre for The Way is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Wimmer. Would you like more books by Kurt Wimmer?
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Would you like to know more about this film?
Then you might like Zoe's Tale is a psychological thriller starring Roger Bart.
The fifth element is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like the movie because it is an action movie?
Do you like the fifth element because it is sci-fi?
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music. I am a huge fan of hers. Do you like her?
I've heard some of her songs, but I don't know any of them, but I do know she has a good voice. I'm a big fan of Pink.
Did you know that she starred in The Muppets?
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read that one?
It's a speculative fiction novel released in 1982. Do you like that genre?
Yes. It's in the English language. Do you like Spanish books?
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Future Past. Have you read those?
It's fiction. Do you like fiction?
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You are welcome
Sure, do you like The Untouchables because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, Capone is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
It's starring Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway.
You're welcome
I have not, but I know it was written by Natalie Portman
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I highly recommend X-Men 2 , X-Men 2 , X-Men 2 , X-Men 2
The main lead in The Assassin and the Underworld
Happy to help
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure about Fantasy, but I believe it is similar to Beautiful Darkness.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, do you like Princess of Persia: The Sands of Time because of the genre or the actors?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Dungeons & Dragons stars Daniel Radcliffe. Do you like Daniel Radcliffe?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for other books written by Sophie Kinsella or something else?
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by David Ayer
No problem
Yes, she wrote The Search. Have you read that book?
It was released in 1943
Yes it was
I'm a huge fan of the Belgium national football team.
I don't know much about football. Are you a fan?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, he wrote White Night and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
No I haven't, but I haven't seen Full Frontal and I've seen the film. Are you a fan of David Fincher?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Aliens. Have you seen those?
Embeth Davidtz starred in many great movies. Do you like science fiction movies?
Kevin McNally and Kenneth Branagh also star in Shackleton.
It was released in 1994.
William Goldman starred in Defending Jacobs.
He writes speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome.
Sure, she has written several books including The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade. Are you interested in either of those?
I haven't read them, but they are very good reads. I haven't read them yet, have you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Stan Lee and Emma Stone star in the movie. Do you like them?
Yes, she is married to Andrew Garfield. Are you a fan?
Yes he did. Did you know Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network?
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote Things Fall Apart.
Have you heard of The Count of Monte Cristo? It is a fictional story.
No I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie genre is Thriller/Crime Fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Robert Downey Jr.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII.
Alright! Do you like Echoes of Silence?
It sure did. Do you like Echoes of Silence? It's a great song too.
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Firm is a thriller. If you like thrillers, you should check out Without Fail.
The Cold Moon was released in 2009. It's a thriller.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. The Vanished Man is in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr Seuss. Do you like books written by Dr Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat written by Dr. Seuss is a Dr. Seuss fan. Are you a fan?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like J.K. Rowling?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I love Adam Levine. He's one of my favorites. He's a great singer. Do you like him?
That's a great song. Do you know if Maroon 5 is in it?
I've never seen them. Do you like X Factor because it is a comedy?
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, it's Sci-Fi. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Anthony and Cleopatra is written by Shakespeare. Are you interested in Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
The Tempest is another great play by Shakespeare. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both of those. Do you like horror films?
Yes it does
I am not sure of the release date
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
You're welcome
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass, have you read that?
Yes, that's right. The Absolute Sandman is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was influenced by Virginia Woolf, and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Yes, it is considered children's literature in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Her is a romance film starring Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance films?
Sure! Scarlett Johansson stars in a lot of movies. She's also in The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone. Have you seen any of those?
Great! If you haven't seen We Bought a Zoo, I recommend it.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, i like Kill Bill: Vol. 2 because it is written by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox starred in Nina. It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. Do you like his movies? If so, I would suggest The Civil War.
I am not a huge fan of the team but I do know they are owned by Zygi Wilf.
I don't know much about Bud Adams, I don't know much about him
I agree, Bud Adams was very sad when he was still alive.
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, The Apostle, and The Apostle. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, that was released in 1985.
If you like Tarnation, you might also like The Invisible Man or The Last Hero.
Christina Perri is a singer, song writer, and songwriter. She sings a few of her songs. She sings a lot of different types of songs. She sings a lot of different types of genres. Would you like to know more?
no i didn't know that. what else do you like?
Wayman : Team Owned by Jerry Bruckheimer. do you like basketball?
i hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I haven't heard anything from Justin Timberlake, but I haven't heard any of his songs. Do you like any of them?
I have never heard of N'SYNC but I've heard they are talented. Isn't he a good actor?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by JRR Tolkien
Yes, he was in the Hobbit series. Do you like Fantasy genre movies?
Christopher Lee starred in The Two Towers and Troy. Have you seen those?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fantasy books?
Then you might like The Titan's Curse. It is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie
The Simpsons Movie is a Comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Great! Then you might also like Saturday Night Live. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout has written several books such as Twilight and Wicked. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, Wicked is a play written by Jennifer L. Armentrout. Would you like to know more about the play?
Yes, she co-wrote Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a Speculative fiction.
It also stars Annabelle Wallis. Do you like her?
It was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
The Bone Clocks is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Bone Clocks is a fantasy novel written in English. Do you enjoy fantasy novels?
Glad to help!
Sure, he directed the movie Super. Have you seen it?
It's starring Ryan Gosling, Josh Hutcherson, and Lena Dunham.
Sure, Zach Gilford starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Do you like Indiana Jones movies?
I will add them to your movie list.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Gnomeo & Juliet is written by Robert Mark Kamen. Do you like his work?
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
It's a great movie. It's a thriller and science fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he's been in quite a few movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
There's The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome
I don't know much about his last album, but I do know Sam Smith starred in a lot of movies. Is there a specific genre you like?
I'm not sure. Is there a particular genre you like to watch?
I've been a fan since I've seen him in a couple of movies. Do you like them?
I like hard rock. I've been a fan since I've been to a couple of times. What about you?
David McDuff wrote рестуление и накаание и накаание.
It was released in 1866
Children's Literature
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good actor?
Yes, she's American. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the 2012 PGA Championship.
A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is written by him
Sure. Stephen Hawking wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It's a Speculative fiction.
It's a very good movie. It's a biography. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What about you?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel written by Frances Mayes. Do you like romance novels?
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
City of God was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her movies?
The Escapist is a thriller. It also stars Seu Jorge. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. He also starred in The Negotiator and The House of Mirth.
Jay Asher wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us.
The Handmaid's Tale is a similar one.
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is another young adult fiction.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 1926.
Have you read City of Lost Souls? It was also released in 2011.
You are so welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! The Historian is a novel written by Elizabeth George Speare. Are you interested in novels like The Historian?
Sure. If you like suspense, you'll like Without Fail.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Without Fail. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by Markus Zusak?
Did you like it because it was written by Tate Taylor?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also starred in The Scorpion King?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like the movie because it's Sci-Fi or Thriller?
The genre is Thriller/Horror.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in that as well as many other thriller movies.
You are welcome.
Sure! Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes, she did. Do you like her movies?
The Chronicles of Narnia series was written by The Grimm
You're welcome!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology. Do you like Greek mythology?
Have you read The Titan's Curse? It's a young adult fiction.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, but I do know that he is friends with Selena Gomez.
The Muppets was a funny movie. Did you know it also starred Selena Gomez?
What Happens in Vegas is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I love her music. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Will Smith starred in it. He's a great actor.
Yes, he's also in that movie. He was also in The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
Sure! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of great movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
As Good as It Get is a comedy by James L. Brooks. Have you seen As Good as It Get?
What a Girl Want is a comedy by James L. Brooks. Do you like him?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
Great, Emma Watson also starred in The Goonies, have you seen that one?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy and drama. Do you like those types of movies?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid.
The Karate Kid is considered a martial arts film. Another great martial arts film is The Fighter. Have you seen it?
The Last Dragon is starring Ryan Gosling and Bill Paxton. Are you a fan?
Yes, she is a recurring writer for The Cosby.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Queen of Attolia is a drama
Do you like the movie because of its Fantasy genre or because of the actors?
I am not sure, but I can also recommend Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
No I do not have that information
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a fictional book that was originally published in 1993. The Shelters of Stone is a fictional book.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is considered Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of movies. Is there a certain genre you like?
Unforgivable Blackness has genre Romance and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The River Why.
Yes! Keith Carradine also starred in the movie.
I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders and the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't know much about it. What sport do you like?
I do like tennis. Do you know anything about Venus Williams?
Wow! I didn't know he was a very good athlete too.
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Michael Jordan is a great actor. He's a great actor.
Ivan Reitman was in that too. He's awesome in his movies.
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
The Sea of Monsters is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young adult fiction?
The genre is Speculative fiction.
Sure. The Lightning Thief is a fantasy book
He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1926.
He also wrote The Curse of the Midas Box and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote Michael Crichton. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on similar writers.
Robin Cook is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and columnist
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a great movie.
Yes, Jason Lee starred in The Incredibles. He's a great actor.
You're welcome.
Have you read David Copperfield?
Yes, it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling has written several books including David Copperfield and David Copperfield
Sure, he's a great singer, but I don't know any of his other songs. Are you a fan?
Yes, it was. Do you like Ed Sheeran's work?
I can't remember if he's in it, but he's my personal favorites.
It's a Speculative fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like books written by Hilda Rosner or Hesse or speculative fiction genre?
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Pratchett.
The Thief of Always was also written by Clive Barker. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by JRR Tolkien and starred Orlando Bloom.
Then you might enjoy The Chronicles of Narnia. It's a fantasy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
Great! He wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more?
It's a Sherlock Holmes novel. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
Yes, it is a short story. Do you like short stories?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins?
The Perfect Game was written by Richard Condon. It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Girl on the Train was a very popular film. It was directed by Mike Mills.
I like Sam Smith's music. My favorite Sam Smith song is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What about you?
I love her music. Did you know he is also a model?
I've never heard of her. I love her music.
I do! He's a great director. He's been in many great movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It is a drama
You're welcome.
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of the genre or the author?
Yes, it is a great drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, All My Sons is considered a drama
Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Margolis starred in The Warrior's Way, The Fountain, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she is a great actress.
She starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen those?
Sure! He has also been in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read that one?
The Passenger and The Passage are both Historical fiction.
You're welcome
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool
It also has Stefan Kapicic and Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a Sci-Fi thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure. Do you like J.K. Rowling's books? She's a great actress.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a good series
Sure! E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Time. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is in English. Do you like books written in English?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Interstellar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
If you enjoy Interstellar, you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Another great Sci-Fi movie is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen this one?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like those actors?
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like Zombieland.
I love his song We Rode in Trucks. Do you like country music?
I don't have that information. But, I don't want to hear this song before.
I don't have that information. I know he is a singer, but I don't know much about his music.
He directed Equilibrium
Correct. Do you like Christian Bale? He directed Equilibrium.
Great. Have you seen Equilibrium starring Emily Watson?
You're welcome!
Sidney Lumet is an actor, director and director. He directed The Verdict and The Last Hero.
He also wrote Girl with a Pearle Earring
Crime is a mystery
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is young-adult fiction?
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day
Sure! He directed Waking Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Ethan Hawke also has a genre Drama
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure. John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Are you looking for other books written by John Green?
I hope you enjoy Paper Towns.
Sure, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
He did! He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
Yes! That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix Revisited?
Well there was a lot of great movies. It's a Wonderful Life is another good Indie film. Have you seen it?
David Sedaris wrote When You're Engulfed in Flames. Have you read it?
He did write When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan?
Flannery O'Connor was also a musician. He was born in SantaLand Diaries.
Sure, it is written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure, she also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014 and is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker. He wrote Thirteen Moons and the film Thirteen Moons. Have you seen those?
Thirteen Moons has a genre Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about them. Are they a K-pop band?
Oh yea, that's a good one. They're a couple of my favorites. They're Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and poet.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You are welcome. Do you like table tennis?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
It's in the English language.
I would say she wrote Eleanor Roosevelt
You're welcome
That was a good movie. Did you like that movie because it was written by Nicholas Pileggi?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by Robert DeNiro?
Sure. Do you like thrillers or dramas?
What Just Happened is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You're welcome!
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a drama or a comedy?
Beneath stars in What Lies Beneath as an actor. Do you like his acting?
Yes, What Lies Beneath was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
I know they are owned by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Are you a fan?
I do like to watch football. What is your favorite team?
I've never heard of the Lakers. I just watched the Lakers play the Lakers.
Oh wow! Micheal Jordan has a long list of things I've been involved with.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that's correct. Jason Statham starred in Jason Statham. He was also in The Mists of Avalon
I will have to check it out, thank you
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series.
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Tom McCarthy starred in the movie 2012?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
There are many great ones to recommend if you haven't seen it already.
Apocalypse is such a classic!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They moved to Oakland when the 80s. Are you a fan?
They've won a lot of Super Bowl titles. They've been to the Super Bowl a few times since they moved to LA.
Sure! The prestige was written by Christopher Nolan. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson
Rebecca Hall starred in The Warrior's Way, The Man in the Iron Mask, and The Man in the Iron Mask
You are welcome, enjoy!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller. It is a war novel. Do you like war books?
It is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
The Man in the Iron Mask was also released that year. It is a war novel.
You're welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Revenge of the Fallen, and Revenge of the Fallen. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels? If so, you'll like Revenge of the Phoenix.
You're welcome!
I haven't read A Tale of Two Cities. I've heard it's a good book. Have you read it?
It is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a historical novel?
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great author.
Happy to help!
Sure, John Lasseter directed The Truman Show, The House of Mirth, and The House of Mirth.
Toy Story 2 was released in 2004. It's an action/adventure film.
Peter Jacobson has a voiceover voiced a voiceover voiced a voiceover. It has a voiceover role in Wayne's World.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven. Are you a fan?
Sure, she was married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, he is talented too. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
They are ok. Who is your favorite football team?
They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure! That was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Have you read Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad?
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
He is a basketball player and plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I am not sure about that
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Silence of the Lambs.
Ted Tally wrote Ted Tally and Ted Tally starred in it. Do you like science fiction movies?
If you haven't seen the Juror, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Enjoy!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Transformers. Are you a fan of the genre?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that as well.
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in it as well. Do you like revenge movies?
I haven't heard much about him but I do know that he is a basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
I am not a fan of basketball but I haven't watched much basketball too much. Do you have a favorite sport?
I'm not sure when they played. Do you know anything about the Bulls?
Hush is written by Jhumpa Lahiri. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, Spells is a series
Yes, it is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You too!
He is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I am not a big fan of golf but I do know he was in a relationship with Tiger Woods
I haven't seen it but Adam Sandler was great in that movie. Do you know him?
I'm not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Bud Adams and owned by Bud Adams.
Have you been to any of the US games?
They've been runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
It was released in 1963 and is considered a Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady gaga. Do you like her?
That was a science fiction movie. Are you interested in science fiction movies?
The Giver was a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Are you referring to Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a Young Adult Fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. It was also a drama.
I have not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Nathan Greno starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Would you like to know more?
Mandy Moore was in it. Do you like her movies?
Sure! Do you like Animation movies? If so, you might enjoy X-Men 2 or Treasure Planet.
Yes! Tim Allen has quite a few of the movies in it. He's a great actor.
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
The Goonies is a movie starring Robin Williams. It is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
The Extra-Teres of the Third Kind was released in 2009. Does this sound interesting to you?
A Beautiful Mind starred Mind a drama. Do you like drama movies?
You're welcome! He's a great actor. Is there anything else I can help with?
He's been in a lot of great movies. I've been to several of them for awhile, though.
You're welcome.
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando.
The film is directed by Al Pacino. Al Pacino is also a director.
Yes, Joe Mantegna has been in quite a few films.
He has starred in many movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Witless Protection is a drama. It also stars Al Pacino.
Sure! Witless Protection is a very popular one. It's a drama. If you've seen it, I highly recommend it.
It's starring Al Pacino, Marlon Brando and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her. Is she a singer?
Sure Anne-Marie is a singer. Do you like music?
Some of them are Girl with a Pearle Earp and Tiny Dancer
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. Do you know any of their music?
I personally like their music. They're a couple of my favorites. One of my favorites is X-Men Days of Future Past. Have you heard that one?
I'm a fan of alternative rock, but Linkin Park's Old School is more of a hip hop artist now. How about you?
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh, Wag the Dog, and many others. Have you seen any of those?
He was also in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He was also in Wild Grass. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Tyrone Giordano starred in The Family Stone. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm not sure. I can't find any information on Diane Keaton. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a Journals of Sylvia Plath, and The Bell Jar.
I'm not sure about that one, but The Bell Jar was released in 1963.
Michael Jackson starred in Valentine's Day, The Wiz, and We Found Love. Have you seen any of those?
Oh, sorry. I don't know much about it. Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a drama. Do you like whales?
Sure, Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool has a genre Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe is considered a Romance novel. Would you like to read it?
Have you read Il Principe? It was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli and was released in 1513.
I know that he wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure! Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The genre is Speculative fiction, and fantasy
Yes, it is a musical, if you like musicals, I think you will enjoy it
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It has a lot of action and thrillers, do you like those?
You're welcome
I think he plays for the France national football team
Real Madrid plays in the Premier League but I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
I like them as well. They are a great team.
The Scarlet Letter has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
The book The World According to Garp is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Cider House Rules was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray wrote F. Gary Gray. Are you a fan of his?
Yes. She starred in Princess Mononoke as well. Do you like her movies?
It is a sci-fi/adventure film. If you like those types of movies you should check out the movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it's a drama?
The Fight Club is a drama film directed by David Fincher. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know it is similar to The Fight Club.
Brad Pitt has been in a number of movies. If you're looking for a comedy, I recommend The Fight Club.
You're welcome.
The Theory of Everything is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
If you like romance films, you'll like Zombieland. Have you seen that?
Yes! Simon McBurney is considered a Romantic film. Another Romantic film you might like is The Rules of Attraction.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket
Do you have a favorite sport?
That's a good place to visit. Have you been there?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I think he is a good coach
It was written by Louis Sachar. Are you interested in adventure books?
He also wrote When you've Been Warned, which is a thriller.
It was written by Louis Sachar. I hope you enjoy it.
I know that he plays basketball as a point guard. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
They are a basketball movie. Do you like basketball movies?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is an actor. He starred in The Fountain. Have you seen it?
Sure. Vulgar is an American film director, director, producer, and director. It stars Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Kevin Smith. It is a thriller.
Sure! Vulgar is an American film director, director, producer, and director. It's a Thriller.
Sure! Kevin Smith is a writer, director, and director. He's a director, director, and director. He's also a director, director, and director. He's a director, director and director.
Glad I could help!
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal and Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I haven't heard much about soccer, but I haven't heard much about soccer. What sport do you like?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind. Do you like his work?
Sure, have you read Wizard's First rule or Wizard's First rule?
It's considered Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. Do you like utopian fiction?
It is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but he did write The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It is a novel in the English language.
You're welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel in the English language.
You are welcome.
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about him. I know he is a football player. Do you like football?
Wes Anderson is a great quarterback. Are you a fan?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's a great quarterback. He's a great quarterback.
I don't know much about Floyd Mayweather Jr. but I know he is an actor. Do you like his movies?
Sorry, I don't know anything about it. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he's a good guy.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by H.G. Wells and is considered a Sci-Fi novel.
Star Maker is a Sci-Fi book. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. Are you looking for more movies in the same genre?
Then you'll like The Incredibles. It's also in the Romance genre.
Of course, it stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi.
Great! If you like Steve Buscemi, I think you'll enjoy the movie.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Social Network. Have you seen those?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film starring Andrew Garfield. It's considered a sci-fi.
Yes, she did. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, do you like self-help books written by Dale carnegie?
How to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like the genre or the actors?
Jack Reacher is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Tom Cruise, you should check out Jack Reacher. It is also a thriller.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Bill Murray.
I haven't heard his music, but I haven't heard much of him.
Yes, Ziggy Marley is a Musician. Do you like her?
Some of Ziggy Marley plays Reggae. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you interested in Ratatouille because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Have you seen Ratatouille? It is a Romance film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it is a sci-fi movie starring Brad Pitt. Do you like sci-fi?
Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a crime Thriller.
Zodiac stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
Great. I'll add them to your list.
It's a fiction novel released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
No, I haven't, but I haven't read it. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not sure. Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written in English. Is there anything else I can help with?
I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
I like Stronger too. Do you know any of them?
I don't know if she has any other fans, but I do know she is friends with Clay Aiken.
I've never seen American Idol but I do enjoy reality television.
I would recommend City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of hers?
The Mortal Instruments is another book written by her. It's part of a series. Have you read it?
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes! Terry George has directed such well-known films as The Assassination of Jesse Jame and the Assassin and the Underworld.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like these genres?
The Other Boleyn Girl has starred in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a history movie.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle is a speculative fiction novel released in 2000. It's considered a classic.
The book America is considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed Maleficient. Have you seen that one?
It has a great cast. Do you want to know about other movies starring Tom Hanks?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Code. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it was turned into a movie as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of those?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Siren or The Queen. Both are great reads!
Yes, The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Percy Jackson and Percy Jackson.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Last Man in Rome.
Frank Darabont also stars in The Percy Bysshe Shelley's Frankenstein.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's day.
Yes, Paper Towns is written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Are you interested in those?
Isn't he a basketball player?
Yes he was
Yes they do become a point guard as well.
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in either of those actors?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, that's a great one. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! Do you like X-men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Rosario Dawson stars in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Volcano is a biographical film starring Hugh Laurie. It's a biographical film.
I have not seen it, but I have heard of it. It is a Romance film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Missy Eliot starred in it as well as Holly Hunter.
Missy Eliot starred in it as well as Holly Hunter.
No problem.
I know that he is a soccer player from Portugal. Do you like soccer?
Not a fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I am a huge fan. I like American Football. What about you?
I love American football. What about you?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I hope they win the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a great movie.
Yes! Rodney Dangerfield also starred in Rodney Dangerfield. He's a great actor.
Glad I could help!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that?
That's a good one. Did you know Steve Carell starred in The Secret Life of Bees?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2013. I don't have any information on the release date.
You're welcome.
Jason Derulo is a singer, song writer, singer, and songwriter. He starred in Whatcha Say. Are you a fan?
I like his music a lot, Jordan Sparks is a good actor
American Idol has won many awards. Do you like his music?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure about the release date. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Ender's Game has a sequel called Speaker for the Dead. Do you like fantasy books?
Speaker of the Dead is Speculative fiction and Science Fiction
Waylander is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know who wrote Waylander?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is written by Ron Clements or because it is a Thriller?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Richelle Mead
You're welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
The Edge of Glory has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
That's interesting. Did you know she starred in The Muppets with William Hurt?
Do you like Coldplay because it is a rock or a rock?
Is Yellow the song written by Justin Cronin?
Yes, they were. Amsterdam was a great place to visit. Have you been there?
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
He starred in Titan A.E. and The Rules of Attraction.
Yes, she is.
You're welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
The Prophet falls under Psychological thriller genre. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2003. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Sure, he starred in Men in Black 3 and Justin Timberlake just to name a few. Have you seen them?
It's a pop music. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, I like him, he wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Have you read that?
I am not sure about it but I know it was released in the year 2013
It was released in 2010.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Rise of the Guardians if you have not seen it.
You're welcome.
The movie Red stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like her movies?
He starred in The Black Dahlia and The Last Samurai.
Sure, do you like his movies? If so, he starred in The Green Mile. It's a drama.
The Last Dragon was written by Vince Flynn.
Sure! He's one of the best shooting guards in the world. Did you know that he was also a director?
Angelina Jolie is one of the leading actors in the film. It was released in 2014.
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in The O.C.. The O.C. is a drama.
No I haven't. I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like the Godfather because it is a drama or crime movie?
Have you seen the movie True Romance? It's a good one.
It stars Xander Berkeley, Elijah Wood, and Brad Pitt to name a few.
Sure, Maleficent is starring Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde. Do you like those actors?
Sure Angelina Jolie starred in The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mr and Mrs. Smith was a comedy-drama.
Yes, that was a funny movie. Did you know he was also in The Wedding Crashers?
Yes, he was in that too. He was hilarious in that!
He plays for the Germany National Football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder, but I don't know much about him.
Toni Kroos plays on the Germany national football team and plays midfielder.
Isn't he a member of the Portugal national football team?
It is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is a player from Portugal. Do you like any other sports?
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
Yes, he starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like comedies?
If you're looking for something in the same genre, I'd suggest The Fault in Our Stars or The Edge of Tomorrow.
Yes, Zombieland is a great family movie. Do you want to know more about Bill Murray?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't seen that movie, but I heard it's a good movie. Do you like it?
I like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Do you like him in this movie?
Then, would you like me to add it to your list?
I haven't seen Pacifier yet, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Some of her most famous works include Unstoppable and The Book of Eli. Are you interested in romance novels?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Beautiful Darkness was a movie starring Zoey Deutch. It's considered a thriller.
I'm not a huge fan of the Yankees but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
He is from the United States of America. Are you a fan?
The movie is written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information, is there something else I can help you with?
He also produced Unstoppable. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure but I do know that it is also a drama.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes he did. Do you like Bruce Dern too? He was also in The Mask.
Yes, Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon and Bill Paxton. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it starred Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and Minnie Driver
The People Speak is a romantic comedy and Matt Damon also starred in Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXII. Do you like them?
I did like Joe Montana too. He is a great player. What do you think?
I like the Steelers, but they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Anna Kendrick is in it. Do you like her books?
Yes. She's a great actress. She starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
You're welcome.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It's part of a series.
Yes, that was the year for that movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Mist was released in 2005 and The Maze Runner was written by Jhumpa Lahiri.
The Mist was released in 2005 and the Maze Runner was also released in 2005. Have you seen it?
Certainly! Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like comedies?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, it's a very good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Robert Downfall. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's been in quite a few films. She was also in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
You're welcome!
I know that he's an athlete that plays tennis. Are you a fan?
Cadillac Records has been a few of her movies. Would you like to know any of those?
Do you know anything about Lady Gaga? She starred in The Muppets.
I haven't, but I've seen Bradley Cooper in The Muppets. Have you seen it?
The Muppets also stars Will Smith. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
It's a self-help book. It's part of a series. Do you like self-help books?
Yes, Victor J Stenger also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie because it is written by JRR Tolkien?
Well, he starred in Troy, Troy, and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he starred in Zulu and Troy.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Are you a fan?
I am a huge fan of golf. Do you like golf?
I love Adam Sandler movies. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis was also a writer?
Yes, he directed the movie The Rules of Attraction.
The book is considered Thriller/Horror.
You're welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Pelican Brief is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
I haven't seen any of the other Crime Drama movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a Thriller or Thriller?
Young Adult is a great movie. I highly recommend The Fault in Our Stars or The Hunger Games.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower stars Bradley Cooper and Bill Paxton.
Bradley Cooper has been in lots of movies. One of my favorites is X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men 2
He's been in a number of movies. The Hangover movies are always funny.
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, it was released in 2012. It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
If you like thriller movies you should check out Without Fail. It is also a thriller movie.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Lullaby was written by Edward Zwick and is a Speculative fiction.
He also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a crime fiction movie?
It's an action/adventure film starring Tate Donovan. Do you like those types of movies?
He was also in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Sure! Rocky is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Well, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The Expendables. Have you seen them?
Undisputed is a martial arts film. Do you like martial arts films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Water for Elephants has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you're looking for something in the same genre, I'd suggest The House of Mirth, The Revenant, and The House of Mirth.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2010. It's a good book.
You're welcome.
I didn't know that. I know he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
My favorite player is Dwayne Johnson. What's your favorite player?
Wow! I've heard they have a lot of respect.
Oh wow! That's a great place to visit. Thanks for the info!
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time was written by Mark Haddon, Mark Haddon, and Mark Haddon. It's a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.
Do you like the Godfather because it is sci-fi or Thriller?
Yes, it is also a drama. Do you like dramas?
Apocalyps Now is a great movie. Apocalyps Now is written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse is another great movie. Have you seen that one?
Are you referring to Gloria Stewart who starred in The Wedding Date?
Prisoner of Shark Island is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I haven't seen it yet, but I will definitely check it out
Private Benjamin is a Parody movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Underworld & Twilight is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes. She wrote Underworld: Evolution, Truman Cabot and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome.
Do you like Insomnia because it's a thriller?
Brad Pitt plays the lead role in War. Do you like his movies?
It was released in 2007. If you like action movies, I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, he starred in How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2007.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Simona Halep is also a tennis player
I didn't know she was married to Serena Williams
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXII. Do you like them?
Oh, that's true. Do you know that Jon Gruden is from Santo Antóniola?
It's a book with a theme park, but I don't know much about it
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
127 Hours is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like James Franco, I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie written by Vince Flynn. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
No problem.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an athlete that plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
Yes, it's a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
The Royal Challengers Bangalore is a professional cricketer who plays as a midfielder and captain.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by Rick Riordan. It's a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
It's considered Speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy.
Glad to be of help
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
Yes, Peter Pan is a series of books written by J.M. Barrie
Sure, A Christmas Carol is a good one.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel written by Jane Austen.
The book Male is a young adult fiction novel written by the same name.
Sure, he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.Itlon.
Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in English.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods is written by Lauren Kate. Are you interested in her books?
It was written by Kristen Connolly. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, Ty Olsson is a great actor. Do you like Ty Olsson?
I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
Do you like it because it's Sci-Fi or Adventure?
Then you'll like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Sure. Michael Bay also directed the Indie film Superman Returns
Yes it does. Do you like Ben Affleck or Owen Wilson?
Yes it was released in 2006. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Blind Side is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you enjoy biographies, I would recommend The Bourne Supremacy or The Blind Side.
It's a Biographical film starring Sean Penn. It's about a family who runs a ranch and a rancher who runs a ranch in the United States.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
No, I am not a fan
Serena has been ranked world No. 40 in singles rankings
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that actor?
Woman in Gold has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Scarlett Johansson is a great actress. I highly recommend it.
Do you like it because it is a drama or crime movie?
It was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his movies?
It has a great cast. Do you want to know more about it?
It was released in 2009.
I have not seen Superman Returns, but I haven't seen it. Are you a fan?
It is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
that's true. You've Got Mail is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
do you like Tom Hanks?
i hope you enjoy it.
your welcome enjoy
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The genre is Techno-thriller. what else can i answer for you?
ok. what else can i answer for you?
Do you like Marley & me because it's a drama?
No, Lemony Snicket also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Wide Window has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy.
No problem. Do you want me to give it a try?
Yes, that's correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Great. Have a good day.
I haven't read Outlander, but I heard it is a good science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is a famous author. She wrote Outlander. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I'm not sure but I can tell you that Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
Drums of Autumn is the second book of the Outlander series.
I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
No, I'm not a fan. Is there anything you'd like to know about the team?
Yes they were. Did you know Hayden Panettiere starred in The Titans?
Sure. Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many others.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Gary Mitchell.
I love her music. Did you know that she starred in a few movies?
I've been a fan since it was a little older. What about you?
I like X-Men Origins: Wolverine and many others. What's your favorite Michael Jackson song?
I'm not a huge fan of the New York Jets. They're owned by Woody Johnson. Do you like them?
They apart of the National Football League and the New York Jets apart of the National Football League.
I believe the Jets make a lot of money in their contract. Are you a football fan?
Yes, he wrote Snatch and Snatch. Have you seen those?
Sure! It's a thriller. Do you like that genre? It's considered a thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Will do. Enjoy!
Yes, I have heard of BTS, it is a TS - TS - TS - TS - TS -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I haven't listened to them, but I haven't heard much about them. They are very popular in the K-pop genre.
All of the buzz is about the Trumpets, if you're a fan, you'll like it!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool and Deadpool
Yes, he starred in both of them. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Eminem is a rapper. Do you like him as a rapper?
Yes, they are friends with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg. They are both friends with Timbaland.
Yes, it's a Thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Do you like romantic comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and was also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It is a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Have you seen that?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's considered Speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like those genres?
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It's a thriller.
It's a murder mystery. Do you like those types of books?
Sure! Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Armageddon, but I do know that it's a war film.
Yes, that's correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson? He's in a few of his movies.
If you like Mark Wahlberg, check out the movie.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays for the Mumbai Indians.
No, I am not. I don't follow cricket much. Do you like cricket?
No. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I've been a fan since the commercials were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII.
Sure! She starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
Yes! She was also in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
The Golden Compass is another good one. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't, but I will definitely add the movie to my watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
It is a Romance film. Do you like romance films?
Stanlee was also written by John Scalzi.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in a few movies. Would you like to know more about that?
Memento was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Jorja Fox?
He wrote The Prestige and The Memento.
Added to your watch list.
I am not a huge fan of their coach, Mike McCarthy. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They were the runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII. They were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII.
I am not sure about the Cowboys. I know they are owned by the Steelers.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Have you read anything by Victor Hugo?
Have you read anything by Victor Hugo or Zoe's Tale? Both of those are good.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Ryan Gosling and Peter Jackson.
Deadpool was released in 2010. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Isn't he a midfielder on the Belgium national football team?
I like tennis more then football. How about you?
Thanks. I'll have to check it out.
Yes she is! She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's good. I'll add it to my watch list.
Sure, Step Brothers was written by John Green and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
They are both hilarious. Do you like Will Ferrell as an actor?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's hilarious.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is considered a Drama.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is similar to Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
The Kings Speech is a screenwriter and film producer. The Kings Speech is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Zero Effect was released in 2012. Would you like to know who produced it?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That's interesting. Did you know that they also coached the Oakland Raiders?
That's interesting. Didn't he also coached the Denver Broncos?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage. Do you like either of those actors?
I am a huge fan of her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
It's a great movie. Did you know Taylor Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day?
If you like Liam Neeson, maybe you should. He's a great actor.
Yes, AB de Villiers is a singer, songwriter, and athlete. Do you like his music?
He is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's a good one. I'll have to listen to it.
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes he was. Do you like thrillers?
No, I have not. I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Great, enjoy!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Sure! Do you like Juraissic because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, she is
Starship Troopers stars Jennifer Lawrence
Some other adventure movies you might like are Zombieland and X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Yes, he did
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes. It is a novel. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that's true. He's a great author. He has a couple of books in mind.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, the movie Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and Winston Groom starring Tom Hanks.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite player is probably Gareth Bale
I don't know much about him
I think they will make it to the playoffs
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in Leeds?
I have not seen it, but I heard she is a good actress
Yes they were mixed up, I think I'll have to watch them
No, I haven't heard much of his music. Are you a fan?
yes he was. do you like his movies?
i love her. what else can i answer for you?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and Shirley. Have you read either of those?
The Professor is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, and columnist. It is considered a classic. It is considered a classic.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you read it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and was released in 1867.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you interested in other books written by St. John Mandel?
She also wrote Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you read that one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the book The 5th Wave. It was written by Rick Yancey
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan?
Yes, that's a good one. I think you'll enjoy it.
Have you read Company Man? It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
King Richard the Second is written by Robert Jackson
It was released in 1599
The Notebook is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Well, if you haven't seen The Notebook has a genre Historical period drama, I think you should enjoy them.
It's starring Rory Kinnear and Reese Witherspoon
Of course, enjoy!
I have not read it, but I heard it was written by Jamie Ford.
That's a good read. Did you know that Jamie Ford also wrote Willow Frost?
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That's correct. I haven't read that one. I should check it out.
Batman Begins is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War
I'll have to check out The Civil War, The Civil War and The Civil War.
Are you looking for more books written by the same author, John Grisham?
Then you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Transporter.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Sure, Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes he did. Do you know he is also an author?
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1891
Robert Galbraith wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
J.K Rowling wrote both The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
No problem, enjoy!
Are you a fan of the author J.K. Rowling?
It is speculative fiction
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
The Goonies is a series
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. Do you like the genre or the author?
The Catcher in the Rye was written by Simmons.
There is a book called The Titan's Curse, have you read it?
I do, he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
He's been in a lot of great movies. He's been in a lot of great movies. He's been in a lot of great movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it's a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yours, MIne is a great movie. Do you like those?
Great, I'll add Zoolander to your list.
I agree, Damian Lillard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I've been to a couple of times since I've been there. What do you think?
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
The Catcher in the Rye is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like literary realism, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Passenger.
I know they are a K-pop band from Seoul that sing pop music. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've never heard of Pink. Is she the one that sings?
The Poisonwood Bible is written by Shel Silverstein and is a Speculative fiction.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2008.
I would recommend World Without End, it is a very good book.
Great! If you like historical fiction, I think you'll enjoy that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Looper is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, The Brothers Bloom is a Thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
have a good day
A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America is written by Tony Gilroy
He also wrote Someone Like You which is a comedy.
Someone Like You is a comedy
You're welcome
Sure, Catcher in the Rye was written by Jhumpa Lahiri. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories
You are welcome.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he is from Argentina.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004.
Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in this movie
Have you heard of Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma which is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance novels?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Queen. Have you read any of those?
Wideacre is a Historical novel released in 1987. Do you like Historical fiction?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
It is a sports team. It is a sport team.
They play the Saints in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, I like Wally Lamb. Did you know that she wrote The Hour I First Believed.
I Know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
The Beginner's Goodbye was written by Anne Tyler too.
Thank you
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do know they are owned by Bud Adams. Are you a fan?
Not really, but I like the Cowboys. How about you?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
The movie stars Xander Berkeley, Al Pacino, and many other great actors.
It was released in 2006. I don't have any more information on the release date.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I agree. She's very talented. She's also an amazing singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, Victoria Justice is a great sitcom as well. Do you like sitcoms?
I'm not sure but I do know Victorious was also in Zoey 101.
Yes, Britneys is a very talented actress.
Downfall is written by Truman Capote. Are you interested in any of the movies?
Windtalkers was written by Richard Condon. It's a war film. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
The genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, I do not have any suggestions for another genre, but I do have The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, Wreck-it Ralph is a sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is starring in that movie. Do you like her movies?
That's a great movie! Mindy Kaling was also in Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Huizenga.
I like the Cowboys. They're owned by Jerry Richardson.
Tony Romo is a former American football player who plays as a defensive back for the Dallas Cowboys.
Are you looking for a particular genre?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree. He's a minor role in Minority Report.
He is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I don't have any information about him but I do know that he is from the United States of America.
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
She wrote The Lighthouse, The Waves, and The Waves. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she wrote The Glass Castle, and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
It was released in 1927. It's a classic.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Time Bandits is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Michael Mann directed The Greatest Show.
Sorry, I don't have any information on what he directed, but Shawn Hatosy starred in Public Enemies
Okay, if you like Tom Cruise, I would also recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Me too! She wrote Frances Mayes Mayes, have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Are you interested in any of her books?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she's very talented. I like her in Valentine's Day and The Lorax. Have you seen those?
I haven't heard much of her music but I have heard of her
Yes it is a comedy too. Do you like comedies
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know they are coached by Mike McCarthy.
He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots, but he's not a fan.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She also wrote Shadowland. Have you read that one?
If you've read Evermore, Shadowland is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome.
Yes, James Rodrguez is an athlete. He plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like football?
Yes he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao. Is he a good athlete?
Yes, it is a good book written by Charlaine Harris. It is a teen drama. Do you like that genre?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
There's Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
There's Dead Poets Society written by Tom Hanks. It's a comedy.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, John Tiffany wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, she also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Have you read those?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity-Action was written by Tony Gilroy, who also directed The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Bourne Ultimatum.
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, have you read it?
She also wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
Well, it was originally published in 1800.
Sure, he directed Girl Interrupted and Walk Two Moons. Have you seen those?
Yes she was, and Kate & Leopold also starred in that movie.
I don't have any information on that award, but I do know that it is a Biographical Film.
If you like Romance films, I would recommend The Good Doctor or The Lost Hero. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the genre or the author?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
I haven't read it, but I haven't read it.
Sure, Jason Cope starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited. Do you like any of these?
Spud is a drama
Yes he does
Rosario Dawson stars in it
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 American fantasy drama film directed by Ang Lee, who also directed The Last Tempest
Glad I could help.
Yes, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
The Other Guys also stars Will Ferrell and Jake Gyllenhaal
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
If you like Ned Bellamy, I would suggest The Green Mile or The Longest Yard. Both are great movies.
Yes, he is a great actor. If you like Jonathan Hyde, you should check out The Civil War.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like the genre or the actors?
He was also in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen those?
Inception starring Matt Ross is a biographical film. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes James Cameron has done a great job in Titanic as well!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like that genre?
Well, 50/50 has been ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Vanessa Fertilio starred in Shadowboxer. She's a great actress.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are owned by Jay-Z. Are you a fan?
Yes, they are. Are you a fan of theirs?
I haven't. Do you know Stephen Dorff starred in Nanking?
Yes, she wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Little House Collection. Have you read those?
The Long Winter is a children's book written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. It was released in 2014.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Wyrd Sisters.
Sure thing. I'll have to do that right now.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
Have you heard of Apocalypto? It is a drama.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Christopher Bigsby?
Have you heard of Afraid of Desire? It is also a play written by Chris Weitz.
One Child's Courage to Survive was written by David Oedekerk. Do you like the genre?
It's a drama released in 2012. Do you like dramas?
Brad Garrett has starred in many movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Jim Belushi has also starred in Jay Leno, have you seen that movie?
The Pacifier was released in 2007. If you're looking for something in the same genre, I can't think of any of the movie though.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The movie is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The movie stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
Have you heard of Beautiful Creatures?
The movie was directed by Anne Hathaway
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Sure, do you like her movies? She starred in The Warrior's Way, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Sure, James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Colombia National Football team. He plays as a midfielder for the Colombia National Football team.
Yes, they are very good. Did you know they also play in the National Football League?
I don't know, but I do know that Radamel Falcao plays for the Colombia national football team.
No I do not. Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, it is starring Will Smith and Emma Stone. Do you like Thrillers?
As Good as It Gets was written by As Good as It Gets. Do you like the genre or the actors?
It's a comedy released in 2012. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1994 and is a drama/mystery.
You're welcome
I don't know much about the team but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jaguars. Are you a fan?
I am more into football, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
She plays professional badminton on the Indian national team.
She did! That's a great year for her! That was a great year for her!
I like to watch Gymnastics. What about you?
He's from London. He's a great athlete.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer, The Notebook and many others.
It was released in 2004, in the English language.
I'm not sure about his contributions to films. Is there anything I can help with?
Yes, he was. He was also a screenwriter as well.
Tony Hendra is a famous comedian. He is also a famous comedian.
You're welcome!
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes! It's a sequel. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes she is! She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know Sin City is starring Rory Kinnear?
Sin City is a crime drama. Do you like that genre?
It appears that Robert Rodriguez starred in it, and he's a great actor.
No I haven't.
Kite Runner was written by Khaled Hosseini. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Kite Runner.
Sure! The Kite Runner is a Romance/Drama film.
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Veronika decide morrer decide morrer decide to be similar to Veronika.
Yes, he's a great director. Do you like theaters?
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
Peter Pan has a genre of Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a drama. It's also a film.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's a drama.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else about it?
The Fighter is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Eyre and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Villette and Villette are some of her other works.
Villette is considered Speculative Fiction and Social Criticism.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Well Sarah Dessen also wrote The Truth About Forever, and Wicked Lovely.
This Lullaby is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read The Amazing Spider-Man or The Amazing Spider-Man?
Yes he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth starred in the film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's an athlete.
AB de Villiers played cricket too. Are you a fan?
No. I am not a fan. I prefer American Football.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). what else can i answer for you?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Farrah Fawcett. Are you interested in any of them?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
Some of my favorites are Toy Story 3 and Monsters Inc. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
If you like Red Riding Hood, I would also recommend The Princess and the Frog. It is such a cute movie.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical fiction?
Sure. Jack London also wrote Call of the Wild. It's considered Speculative fiction.
To Build a Fire was released in 1851. It's a great read.
I have not, but I have heard of Beautiful Disaster. Are you a fan?
I agree. Did you enjoy Walking Disaster because it is a Romance novel?
Great! I think you'll enjoy it.
Absolutely! Enjoy
Have a great day
Sure. Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many more. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, he starred in Silver Linings Playbook as well
Yes, Meet the Parents is a comedy.
You're welcome
I'm not a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. I'm a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. Are you a fan?
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Bears?
I don't know much about the Cowboys. Are they coached by Bill Bidwell?
Do you like the Beloved because it is written by Toni Morrison?
Did you like Tombstone because it was a historical film?
It's a great movie! It's also an action movie. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know that she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Miley Cyrus.
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a musician, musician, and athlete. He is also a musician.
I agree. Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
The Notebook is a good one. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild. Have you seen that movie?
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
No, Young Victoria is a crime drama.
Well, if you'd like to watch it, let me know!
Well, if you like Emily Blunt, I'd be happy to!
Well, if you like her, I'll be sure to watch her.
I will send it to you.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
Yes. Fast and Furious is a thrilling movie starring Vin Diesel
Stars in Fast and Furious 2 Fast and Furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious 2 furious
No problem
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction movie?
World War Z was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a good movie. Did you know it was written by Frank McCourt?
Sure, he starred in The Wedding Date, The Perfect Score, and The Perfect Score.
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Quick and the Dead
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his books?
Well, it's a speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about Vonnegut Jr. but he wrote Cat's Cradle.
Have a great night!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays professional basketball
Yes, he's a point guard as well. Did you know that he's from Philadelphia?
Oh wow! That's a fun place to visit.
Yes, I like Sam Smith. He is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I do not know any. I do know Sam Smith starred in the movie Too Good at Goodbyes.
yes that is true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like them. They're owned by Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
No I didn't know that. Are there any other sports you enjoy watching?
Oh wow, that's true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote the comedy American Pie. Have you seen it?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, Warren Zide also produced it. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
I haven't, but I've seen it. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I've seen him in one of his movies. Didn't he star in one of those?
Oh yeah! That's one of my favorites. I've been meaning to watch all the movies.
I am not a huge fan but I do know they are owned by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's pretty cool. I've been wanting to see them play the Golden State Warriors play now.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a funny movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Madame Bovary was written by Gustave Flaubert. Are you a fan?
Yes, it was released in the 1800's.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel by Louis Sachar. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
It also starred Matt Damon and Ella Enchanted.
He's been in a number of great movies including High Plains & Olympus have you seen them?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know she lost to Serena Williams
Yes, she is a great tennis player.
I've heard Good Deeds is a good romantic comedy.
Yes, he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
He wrote Alien : Film Executive Produced: Ralph Fiennes
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Ridley Scott and stars Johnny Depp
He has been in so many movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
I haven't heard anything from her, but Shakira has starred in a number of movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Shakira is starring in that as well as Shakira's wife.
I'm not sure, but I know Shakira was a celebrity friend to Tyga
I love Coraline. Did you know it was written by Philip Seymour Hoffman?
It's a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Some other horror films you may enjoy are The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
Sure! Wicked City has a genre of Thriller, Science Fiction, and Drama. It's also a very good film.
Sure, she wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride.
Sure, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read that one?
Yes he has. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 1876
Your welcome
Have a great day
Do you like The Notebook because it is a Romance Film?
I'm not sure, but Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Notebook.
The Notebook is a Romance novel. Aside from being a Romance author, he also wrote The Wedding.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick and The Whale.
Yes, it was released in 1851, the same year that released You Are Not So Smart
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog, Go!
A Fish Out of Water is considered Children's Literature in the Speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes! Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go.
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Surviving Picasso is an Indie film and drama. Do you like Indie films?
Surviving Picasso also starred Robert De Niro, Elina Alminas, Anne Hathaway
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read those?
The Godfather is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle has directed many movies. Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada? He was in that.
I'm not sure about James Franco, but he did write 127 Hours, which is a thriller.
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
He starred in Troy, Troy, and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
He is also in the movie Troy
There's a lot of interesting movies
Brad Pitt was also in the movie Troy
ok
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in Wilde, Transformers, and Transformers. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, I like soccer. Did you know that she competed in the 2012 Olympics?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is an action movie?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knight.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Illustrated Man and The Man in the Iron Mask.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller starring Stephen Dillane. Do you like his movies?
Taking Chance is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in The Transporter.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Doug Ferrel starred in The Ten Commandments?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming. Do you like his work?
It is starring Rory Kinnear. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about the release date of the movie.
Yes, it was also a television series. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Tom Hanks?
Some Sci-Fi examples are Zombieland, X-Men, and World War Z.
Charlize Theron has been in many movies. She was also in Revolutionary Road and The Road to El Dorado.
You're welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Taxi Driver is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, the right track is a great thriller. Do you like thrillers?
There's a lot of great thrillers, but Taxi Driver and Fatal Attraction are also good as well.
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, The Pillars of the Earth is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote his novel The Pillars of the Earth, which is a horror novel. Have you read it?
The Day of the Jackal was an excellent thriller. The Day of the Jackage was an excellent one for thrillers.
Yes, I love her! She's an amazing actress. She starred in The Diary of a Young Girl
It's an autobiography written by Anne Frank. Are you interested in that type of genre?
The Bell Jar is an autobiographies that was released in 1851. The Bell Jar was released in 1851.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Natalie Portman.
He was also in Troy, have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Chris Buck directed The Christmas Blessing, The Bone Collector, and many more. Are you interested in any of these?
If you enjoyed Surf's Up, you might also enjoy the movie 'Twilight. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code. Have you read those?
Yes, he is a writer, director and director. He's been in a few movies. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie. Do you like football?
The Game of Their Lives was written by Angelo Pizzo. Aside from being a writer, he is also an actor.
The Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida.
You're correct! Do you know anything about the team?
Have a great day!
Is he a midfielder on the team?
I like to watch college football. What about you?
I've been a fan since they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, they are. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
V for Vendetta stars Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Rupert Graves.
V for Vendetta is a Thriller.
Sure, do you like the author Cornelia Funke or the genre?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella has genre Speculative fiction.
King Kong was written by Tony Tanner and starred Hugh Jackman. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Naomi Watts has starred in several movies. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Painted Veil is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Glad to help!
I know he wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that but, I can tell you that The Five Love Languages of Commitment has a genre of Country.
Tori Amos is a singer, song writer, and television personality. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tori Amos is a singer, songwriter, and television personality. He was born in Rochester, New York City and plays the same name. Is there anything else I can help with?
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is a good one.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, and it's a Wonderful Life.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life
It is, he also produced It's a Wonderful Life.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is in the English language
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a thriller
I do not have that information
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Digital Film
Have you seen American Hustle? It stars Christian Bale.
It's considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by Paula Hawkins.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, but I do know their coach is Mike Shanahan.
Do you know anything about Oakland Raiders?
Do you know anything about tennis ?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it is a comedy or a drama?
Easy was written by Tammara Webb and was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Have you read these?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Great. Have a great day!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh has directed movies such as Ocean's Eleven and Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen those?
The star in The Good German is Emma Stone. Do you like Emma Stone?
He's been in a lot of great films. He's been in The Good German, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in Wreck-It Ralph
It was released in 2004. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights.
It's a classic. It's more of a Gothic fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Rules of Attraction.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Simone Elkeles wrote Return to Paradise. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy has a genre of Thriller
You're welcome
Charles Dickens is a great writer. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Yes, Leo wrote Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and he also wrote The Wolverine.
That's correct. Did you know that The Posthumous Papers of Great Britain was also made into a film?
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Yes! Adam Sandler starred in The Longest Yard. Would you like to know more about Adam Sandler?
Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler also starred in Happy Gilmore. Did you know that Adam Sandler was also a director?
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's considered Speculative fiction and fantasy.
Newt Scamander appeared in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a film directed by JK Rowlings. Do you like JK Rowlings?
Yes, it is a speculative fiction book.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Have you seen State of the Union? It's a crime drama.
You're welcome.
Andrés Iniesta is an athlete on the Spain national football team.
I am a huge fan of the Spain national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2011. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in Woody Harrelson.
It's considered a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like murder mystery as well. Do you like any of those?
Yes, that's a murder mystery.
Sure, Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner. Do you like the genre or the author?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, it is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane, but Michael Markowitz starred in it as well.
Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
I think he is a great tennis player. Did you know he is from Switzerland?
I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching the match. How about you?
Yes, I have been a fan since they were runner-ups in the 2012 Olympics.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another good family novel. Have you read that one?
No I haven't, but I haven't read A Light In The Attic so I haven't read them.
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote Three Cups of Tea.
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Passage and The Devil's Advocate are both thrillers. Have you seen them?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Shawn Levy directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen that?
It's a great movie. Did you know that Shawnee Lilly starred in it?
It was produced by Shawnee LaMarr.
Did you like the Untouchables because it is a thriller or because it is a drama?
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you should check out The Search. It's also starring Brian DePalma.
Happy to help!
Another Crime Fiction movie you might enjoy is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium
Are you a fan of Alice Walker, or do you like the genre?
Benjamin Franklin has written many books including The Portable Atheist, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona.
No I didn't know that. Is he a football player?
Andreu Fontas plays for the France national football team. Are you a fan?
No I don't know him. Is he a midfielder?
Yes, it is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his books?
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear. Have you read it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome
The Elite is written by Kiera Casss. It was released in 2013.
The Siren has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Oh, I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen it.
The film was produced by Kiera Cass.
The genre is Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Did you enjoy The Social Network because it is a biographical film?
Have you seen The Social Network?
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2014. I don't know what year The Hummingbird was released.
You're welcome.
I love Treasure Island. It is written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great. I hope you enjoy.
If you enjoy books like Treasure Island, you should also check out The Road to El Dorado.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller or a drama?
Danny Aiello is also in Troy, have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in the Godfather movies.
You're welcome.
Did you like Laura Hillenbrand because he wrote Seabiscuit?
Good to know! Do you need any other recommendations?
I am not sure about it.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is written by Ron Clements or because it is a Thriller?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and John Musketeer. Ron Clements also directed Aladdin.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Are you looking for any other Disney movies?
You're welcome!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Valley of Horses
Yes, he also wrote A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
The last Old Man and the Sea was released in 1929.
Happy to help!
OK. Have a great day!
Isn't he a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets?
Drew Brees is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
Yes, I like him a lot. Do you know what he is doing?
do you like Young Buck because it is a comedy?
Yes, he starred in The Men Who stare at Goats
The Soloist also starred Rupert Grint and Roger Allam. Do you like their work?
It's a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1945.
The weight of Glory is a great book! The Weight of Glory is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Will send it to your reader!
Sure, he wrote The A-Team. Have you read that book?
I know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Are you a fan?
No I haven't, but I know that Mike Woodson is a friend to Ty Burrell
The Hornets were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXII, XXXII, XXXII, XXXII, XXXII, XXXII, XXXII, XXXI.
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Lady in the Lake and The City of Ember. Have you read those?
The Lady & Sons Savannah Cookbook was released in 2008.
You are welcome!
Glad to help!
It was directed by Kazuo Ishiguro. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was a mini-series.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which was a mini-series.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I didn't know that's true. Did you know he is from Germany?
I agree. Did you know he won the Bravo Award?
I agree. He has won a lot of awards for him.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Rango is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
The movie is written by Christopher Nolan, and directed by Christopher Nolan
The genre is Thriller
I am not sure about that but Jonathan Nolan wrote The Prestige.
I do not have that information
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Sixth Sense which is a drama
You are welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, Voyager is a great children's literature. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Sea of Trolls.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that The Sea of Monsters is another great one.
You're welcome!
It is a great drama movie starring Kate Winslet. Do you like her movies?
The Holiday was released in 2012 and is a Comedy-drama Film.
The Pillars of the Earth is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
If you like thriller movies, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she did.
Sure, WALLE is a great children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Sure! Some other great Sci-Fi movies you may enjoy are Zombieland, X-Men, and X-Men.
It's a sci-fi movie starring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those actors?
Yes! State of the Union is considered a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
It's starring Hugh Jackman, Elijah Wood, and Hugh Jackman.
I'm not sure of the release date.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure! Do you like Will Grayson because it's written by Sarah Dessen or because it's a thriller?
Sure, it's also speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote Water for Elephants which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's considered children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's fiction. Do you like fiction?
I have not, but I have seen Ocean's Twelve. It is a drama film starring George Clooney. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Rick Riordan. Do you like those actors?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I'm a huge fan of the Germany national football team.
Yes I would say they are a great team as well!
Paul Sorvino starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jack Thorne wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read it?
It is considered Speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he starred in the movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
Certainly, it is done for you.
She wrote Snow White and the Huntsman, have you read those?
It was released in 2005 and is a fantasy novel.
I don't know much about Snow Flower but I do know that it is a novel released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Death Proof.
It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a drama that was released in 2009. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Michael Parks starred in Wicked and Wicked. Do you like thrillers?
Wicked is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
Great! Have a great day!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that?
Yes, that's a great movie. It was released in 1981. Do you like that genre?
Hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
He's a good actor. Did you know that Jordan starred in Space Jam 2?
Yes, they love Ghostbusters. Do you know any of them?
Yes he did. That's a great movie. It's a comedy.
Sure! Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is starring in The Fast and the Furious as well as Wayne's World. Are you a fan?
That's a great movie. Did you know he was also in A Man Apart
You're welcome, enjoy!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
I do! He starred in lots of movies. He's a great actor. He's been in lots of things. He's been in lots of things. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did, he is a great actor.
What Lies Beneath is considered a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
I don't watch football much, but Manning is a talented Manning. I like the New York Giants.
I like action thrillers like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it's fiction or because it's fiction?
It's a mystery/mystery. It's one of my favorites.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
Sure! Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-Adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was written by Mandela. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes it is. It's a war film. Do you like those types of movies?
Great, I'll add it to your queue.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote many books including Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Have you read those?
Where You Are was released in 2011. Do you like Romance novels?
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you heard of it?
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, The Skull, and The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen any of these?
OK. Twins of Evil is a drama, and Top Secret was directed by Peter Cushing. Would you like to know more about it?
Stephen King wrote The Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and Tombstone.
The O.C. series is a drama. Do you like drama?
It was written by Richie Richie Rich and Holes. It's a comedy.
OK. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Yaphet Kotto starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
Yes, The Running Man is considered an action film
Some other action movies you may like are Zombieland and The X-Men
No problem, enjoy!
Hush is written by Jhumpa Lahiri. what else can i answer for you?
She also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, Crescendo is a Young Adult Fiction novel. Do you like books written by Becca Fitzpatrick?
Great! Enjoy!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls
The book is a memoir
Happy to help
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes he did. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
Sure! She wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power. Have you read any of these?
I don't have any information on similar books but I do know The Secret was released in 2014 which was the year that released The Secret.
Greider wrote The Secret which was turned into a film.
He starred in Ratzenberger and The Patriot.
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy and was released in 2011. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it is a cartoon as well as a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It is a family friendly movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Still Alice was written by Still Alice and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
It's also a Neuroscientist. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Mark Haddon is a film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film and the Curious Case of Benjamin Button starred in it.
Yes he did, The Messenger starred Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
Frank Coraci wrote Zookeeper and Here Comes the Boom. Have you seen those?
It also starred Reese Witherspoon. Are you a fan?
Yes, Salma Hayek is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Once Upon a Time in the West
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was a good crime fiction movie. Have you seen it?
Charlie Hunnam stars in Nightcrawler.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Are you a fan?
The Order was released in 1985 and the movie was directed by Heath Ledger
Two Hands was also starred by Heath Ledger. Do you know her?
You're welcome.
Sure! The Blind Side is an action/adventure film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that genre?
I can't seem to have more information on Drama movies, but I can tell you that The Blind Side is also a comedy. Have you seen it?
Moneyball is a comedy movie. It was released in 2010. Do you like that kind of movie?
City of Bones is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote City of Bones and City of Ashes, have you read those?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Little Friend. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. The Prisoner of Azkaban was written by J.K. Rowling.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a Romance novel written by C. S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The World's End, and many others. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Yes, I like them. They are my favorite team.
Oh yes, he was a great player. Did you know he is from Liverpool?
Do you know Paul McCartney starred in the movie Yellow Submarine?
Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
Wintergirls is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a great singer. Do you like her?
Oh, that song is a good one. Do you like it because it is written by Rihanna?
It is a action adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings and many others.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Proposal and The Republic of Love. Have you seen those?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It is also a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he did.
He starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes. Elizabeth has also been adapted to film. It is an animated film.
She is a very talented actress. She has been in a few movies. She was also in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
A Walk to Remember is a Romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance novels?
The Wedding Date is also a Teen Drama written by him.
Yes, it was made into a movie. It is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Two By Two is a good crime fiction book. Another good one is The Wedding. Have you heard of it?
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski, who also produced The Matrix.
The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded are two of the movies he starred in.
He was also in The Man of Steel. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in The Man of Steel.
It was directed by Woody Allen.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon West directed The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
Did you know that he directed The Mechanic 2?
He hasn't seen any of them but he did write The Mechanic. Have you seen that one?
Happy to help!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, 2012 was a movie written and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like dramas?
Sure, he also directed The Three Musketeers which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, I have Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel, and Rebecca. Have you seen those?
My Cousin Rachel has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure about that but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You're welcome.
I am not a huge fan of their coach, Mike McCarthy. Are you a Packers fan?
I haven't been there since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXII.
i am a big fan of Drew Brees. what do you think about him?
i think he is a good coach. do you like any other teams?
I think he is a good one. he is a great coach.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Justin Timberlake. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Jennifer Lawrence is also in it. Do you know her?
I love her music. Did you know she is also an actor?
American Idol has genre Country music. Do you like Country music?
I've never been to host host. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've never seen that one, but it seems to be a good family movie.
Do you like Rudy because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
The Watcher is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that's correct. Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Man in the Iron Mask.
You're welcome!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read those?
Would you like to know some other poets she wrote?
Great, enjoy!
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan?
Sure, Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, and The Bluest Eye. Have you read those?
It is a fiction
There are many great fiction books you may like
Enter's Game was written by Karen Chance
You're welcome
Downfall is a war film. Do you like war films?
It has a great cast. It is a Biography. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Action?
Yes, Jeff Garlin starred in The A-Team. Have you seen that one?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. Would you like to know who wrote it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the genre or the author?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you might also like The Painted Veil, also written by Stephen King.
Seems there's a remake of 2012 if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Playing for Keeps. Have you read it?
It's considered a Drama. Do you like Drama movies?
It was released in 2004.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
Yes, I have. It was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like thrillers?
The movie also stars Emma Stone and Rupert Everett.
Yes he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Chris Weitz starred in American Pie, The Golden Compass, and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
He also directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen that?
No I haven't. But Chris Weitz starred in American Pie as well. That's a drama.
Sure, he directed Hotel Transyvania. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Nightingale is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, she also wrote Winter's Bone and The Nightingale.
The True Colors is a Mystery, Drama, and Children's Literature. Do you like those genres?
I think he starred in The Expendables 2. Are you a fan?
It's an action adventure movie starring Sigourney Weaver. Do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Die hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction film starring Bruce Willis. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did. It is a great movie. Have you seen it?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Woody Harrelson. Do you like his work?
The Lorax is written by Theodore Lesieg and has also a genre Children's Literature.
Yes, they were co-wrote The Sneetches and Other Stories has a genre Children's Literature and is a children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. Do you like J.K. Simmons?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Longest Ride.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is considered a Romance film. Do you like romance films?
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I haven't been following them since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
I've been a fan since my friend loves him. I like the Lakers.
They have a lot of great players. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Larissa wrote арат овести, арамаов, and ес.
Eeccbl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Notebook is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Yes, it is written by Sarah Silverman. Do you like her work?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Who is your favorite Pete Rozelle a football player?
That's unfortunate. Did you know that he was also a musician?
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Another good self help book is Into the Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling is written by Robert Galbraith and was released in 2013.
She has also written The Cuckoo's Calling and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels? I recommend The Casual Vacancy.
You're welcome!
I do. Did you know Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream?
Yes! Reno 911 is one of the show that he starred in. Did you know Reno 911 starred in it?
Yes, Reno 911 is a Crime Fiction movie. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Sure! Do you like the book because it's Speculative fiction?
Sure! Do you like books written by Lois Lowry?
Yes, that is a recommendation I have if you haven't already.
I am not a huge fan of her sister, Serena Williams. How about you?
I didn't know that but I did know that Serena Williams starred in Hair Show.
That's interesting. Didn't she lose to Rafael Nadal?
The Lost Symbol was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Are you a fan?
Yes, he has worked with Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did write the Da Vinci Code. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, Dan Brown produced The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
If you like dramas, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Great, enjoy!
X-Men Orgins:Wolverine has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men 2?
You might like Zombieland or X-Men movies.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Feminist fiction novel.
Tim Dolin also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Sure! Did you like Rick Yancey because he wrote an autobiographical novel?
Sutton has also written The Road to Little Dribbling and The Mother Tongue: English and Greek Mythology
Great, enjoy!
We're the Millers starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Are you a fan?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I'll have to add them to your queue.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like historical fiction?
Well, Gone with the Wind is a great Romance movie. Have you seen it?
The Untouchables is a Romance film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Nicholson.
You are welcome.
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks. what else can i answer for you?
He also wrote The Wedding Date.
The Wedding Date is another one he wrote. Have you read that one?
I know they are a K-pop band from Seoul that sing pop music. Do you like them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart, Tintenherz, and Tintenherz. Have you read those?
The Looking Glass Wars is a popular fantasy movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie directed by David Ayer and written by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them.
It's in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that movie?
Soccer in India is a sport similar to football.
Robert Duvall was also in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that one?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. Do you like the genre or the author?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes! Do you like children's literature?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are coached by David Platt. Are you a fan?
I haven't read any of his books, but I do know that he wrote The Valley of Horses.
Are you looking for movies in the same genre or the same genre?
Yes he did and he also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 3 and Iron Man 3
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his movies?
He wrote Iron Man 3. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III?
Then you might like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Chris Evans starred in it as well. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Sharp Objects because it is written by Gillian Flynn or because it is a Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects. Do you like suspense?
Yes, it was directed by Gillian Flynn. Do you like thrillers?
What Do You Do was released in 2014. I don't know when it was released.
Yes, he wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
Cold Blood is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure! Do you like it because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
It's directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Complete Illustrated Movie companion. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a vampire novel. Do you like vampire novels?
If you like Stephanie Meyer, you should check out The Twilight series. It's hilarious!
You're welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths.
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller
No problem
Do you like the book because it is a drama or a romance novel?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Yes, Rickie Fowler is an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Did you know Adam Sandler was also in that movie?
She's been in quite a few movies. Did you know she was also in Valentine's Day?
Sure! She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
It also starred Vanessa Redgrave and Danny McBride.
The Situation is a Drama/Drama
The 5th Wave is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2016. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like science fiction, I would also recommend The Last Star.
No problem, have a good day.
No problem, enjoy!
I haven't heard much of her music. Are you a fan of her music?
Did you know she was also in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy?
I agree. Did you know she was also a model?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, it is a good movie. Do you like his movies? If so, he has been in X-Men movies.
If you like comedy, Ryan Reynolds has starred in X-Men Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black?
I've been to a couple of times
What's your favorite song?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes he was
He was also in The Chronicles of Riddick
Sure, Click was written by Adam Sandler who also directed Click
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg, and it was released in 2010.
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan starred in it as well.
your welcome
Sure, Victor Hugo is an actor who starred in many movies including Unstoppable and The Man in the High Castle.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1926.
Yes, The Hunchback of Notre Dame was also considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Great! Then you'll like the Zoe's Tale is a good one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American film director. He directed The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
Yea, he's done You Love Me. Do you know any of his songs?
Yes, Coldplay is a mix of synthpop and pop genre. Do you like those types of music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both of those. Do you like thrillers?
Bobby has starred in Peter and Paul, which is a drama.
Peter and Paul has starred in both of those. It's a drama film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Bud Adams.
They have a good season. Are you a fan of the Tennessee Titans?
I think they will give it a win. Do you know who they play at this time?
Isaiah Thomas was a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I don't follow the sport much, I don't follow the sport much. What is your favorite sport?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good one. I'll have to check Space Jam out.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
It was released in 1600
Great, glad I could help!
I know she is a tennis player from Romania. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Venus is a female tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't seen that one yet. Is Maria Sharapova a tennis player?
I haven't been following them much since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like Football?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but Jim Caldwell is a pretty good coach.
I'm not sure about that, but Jim Caldwell used to be a quarterback for the Ravens.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is an author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886, have you read anything by Robert Louis Stevenson?
It's considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Mervyn Peake is also in it.
Sure thing. I'll have to add Twilight to your library.
Yes, there was a film based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Would you like to know more about it?
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard. It is a Non-fiction. Do you like that genre?
You Can Win is a Non-Fiction novel written by Spencer Johnson. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome.
The Fountainhead is written by Vince Flynn. Are you interested in his work?
She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for more books written by Nina Auerbach or other books written by Nina Auerbach?
The Invisible Man was written by Bram Stoker in the same time period as Dracula. Do you like horror books?
The Girl Next Door was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like horror books?
He is also a writer and a cartoonist. He was born in Rochester.
Sure! Frances Mayes Mayes wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that?
Under the Tuscan Sun has a genre of Romance and Historical fiction. Do you enjoy these genres?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Yes she did write Go Set a Watchman
yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
No, I haven't, but I haven't seen Part II, Part II.
Do you like Al Pacino? He wrote Beyond the Sea.
He was also in The Godfather Part II and The Power of Six.
I'm not sure, but Al Pacino also starred in The Godfather Part II.
You're welcome!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf. Have you read it?
It is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It is in the English language. Do you like Fantasy books?
Sure! He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order.
Lionheart is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Harrison Page also stars in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix also starred in Harrison Page.
You're welcome!
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths? Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths starring David Oedekerk, is a crime fiction film. It is considered a thriller.
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Seven Psychopaths.
I agree! He's a great shooting guard. Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award?
I don't watch it much, I don't know much about basketball. I do know that Rockets are a great team in the NBA.
Wilson Chandler starred in a lot of movies. I think he's a great shooting guard too.
Sure! Do you like Fear because it's Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Sure, do you like Alien because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Yes, he produced it. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he produced many great movies. He also produced The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Rosie Effect was written by Graeme Simsion. Are you a fan?
Yes, she also wrote The Rosie Effect. Have you read that one?
No, We Are Called to Rise was released in 2014. Did you know The Rosie Effect was released this year?
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
Anna Kendrick is also in Olympus has Fallen. Do you like her movies?
He has produced The New York Trilogy as well as many others. Do you like his movies?
War Inc was written by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
He was also in Better Luck Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he has any friends with Will Smith, but Justin Timberlake was also in Happy Gilmore.
The Catcher in the Rye is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
That's true, he also owns the Boston Red Sox
I am not sure about the risks of heart attack. Are you a fan?
Oh ok. Michael Jackson was a deadly heart attack. He was born in Rochester.
Great, if you like folklore, you should check out The Incredibles.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a athlete that plays Badminton. Are you a fan?
Oh cool! Do you know who starred in that?
That's a great place to visit. I'll have to look it up.
I haven't read Last Sacrifice, but I haven't read it, have you?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and he also wrote Thor.
Yes, it is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do
Sharp Objects is a fiction
A couple of my favorites are Without Fail, Without Fail
You are welcome
Sure! He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you seen the movie True Romance? It's Psychological Thriller.
It was released in 1980. It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you like it because it's a Romance Film?
Have you seen the X-Men movies? They are great family comedy
You're welcome.
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like it because it's a family movie?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, do you like that movie because it is a drama?
Sure! It is an action/adventure film. It was released in 2013. It is also a film that was released in 2013.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her books?
No, I haven't, but I have read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't. Is it a Romance novel?
I will have to add that to your list.
Enjoy your book!
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion, Walking Disaster, and Beautiful Oblivion.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also stars in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
She was in the Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Self/less. Have you seen those?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in Walk the Line.
Well, I don't have any information on who was also in Walk the Line.
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read those?
I don't know much about them. But I know they are a sports team.
Not really. I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I've been a fan since the Nets were runner-up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zodiac was released in 1999.
It also stared Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, David Harbour also stared in The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy novel.
Yes, it is. It is also part of a series.
It was released in 1961.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The genre of fantasy novels is The Mists of Avalon. Are you interested in fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Pirates of the Caribbean and The Ratzenberger.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama. Do you like those?
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is a comedy starring Christian Bale. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski.
It was released in 2015.
You are welcome.
He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen it?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed.
It was released in 1997, and is a classic.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was released in 2009. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not, but I know he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Have you read One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest? It is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, Alan Cumming starred in that as well. It's a great read.
Do you like the movie because it is an action movie or because it is a thriller?
Mark Wahlberg starred in a lot of movies. He's been in The Avengers and The Avengers.
He starred in a lot of great movies. Did you know he was also a director?
They have been in a lot of great movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure, but I can tell you they both starred in The Polar Express and Invisible Man.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure! He directed District 9 and District 9 which are dramas. Do you like dramas?
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in Mad City. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a singer/songwriter from Nashville. Do you like her music?
I love her music. Do you know if she's stuck in your head?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a soccer player for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Javier Hernández Balcázar is also a midfielder on the team. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Bobby Farrelly.
There's Something About Mary was released in 1998 and is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Jim Carrey stars in Me, Myself, and Irene. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Derrick Rose is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Well, basketball is a great sport to watch. Do you like basketball?
Of course! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was also written by Lois Lowry and falls into the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twitst.
Quentin Blake wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read it?
If you like Quentin Blake, I would also recommend The Golden Compass.
The movie was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
Yes. John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Firm is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The book is considered Young-adult fiction and legal thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956. The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was written by Aldous Huxley.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, Stephen Hawking wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It is a Speculative fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Mary McDonnell starred in The Sworn Sword, The Mystery Knight, and many others. Are you interested in any of those?
That's a great movie. Robert Redford also starred in Vanilla Sky. Have you seen that one?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Scarlett Johansen was also in The Shawshank Redemption?
Scoop is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
David Sedaris wrote When You're Engulfed in Flames. Have you read it?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, 2008 was the year that released The Truth About Love was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
I did, but I haven't seen her in a few movies. I've seen her on Valentine's Day, which is a great show.
That's a great song. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Artist?
Sure! Robin starred in such films as The Dharma Bumpass and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
If you like Pierce Brosnan, you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It is also a comedy.
Yes she was. She was also in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did. Do you like that movie because it is a thriller?
If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and All My Sons
The movie The Crucible was released in 1989 and is considered a tragedy
Sure, if you like tragedy drama movies you'll like The Time Machine and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, that's a good one. It was written by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't follow basketball much.
I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard?
The Lakers of course are my favorites. I haven't heard much about them.
He plays the Midfielder. Do you like basketball?
Sure! Mary Harron directed Red Dragon, The Time Machine, and The Collector. Have you seen any of those?
Mary is a psychological thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited.
He wrote the Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Light Between Oceans is one of my favorites.
The Light Between Oceans is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
Yes, it has a great cast. It was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in any of them?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a singer/songwriter from London?
He starred in a few movies. He was also in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen those?
Fool's Gold starred Sean Penn and is a drama. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he did. Matthew McConaughey was also in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Stephen Dubner is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode VI
Sure, do you like fiction genre?
You're welcome
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy Taxi Driver. Taxi Driver is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Did you enjoy Taxi Driver because it is a comedy?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, isn't he an athlete?
Yes he did. Are you a fan?
Yes he is. Do you follow soccer closely?
The New England Patriots is a professional American football franchise based in the United States of America
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
That's interesting. Did you know that The Casual Vacancy was also made into a movie?
Yes, that was a great book. It was written by J.K. Rowling
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Mary Higgins and starred Keanu Reeves. It is a Thriller. Do you like horror films?
Troy stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Are you interested in any of these actors?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a Southern Gothic novel. Do you like these genres?
That's a great choice. It was written by Tennessee Williams and is considered a historical novel.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas? It's a must watch.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki starred in Thirteen Reasons Why and The Fountainhead. Have you seen those?
Ponyo is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he was in Ponyo and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome.
No, I am not. I don't know too much about the sport but I do know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
He went to the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan of table tennis?
I am not sure where the 2004 Olympics was. Do you like table tennis?
I haven't seen any of their games, but I do know they were owned by Magic Johnson. Do you like Magic Johnson?
I am not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. What is your favorite team?
I do, I am a huge fan of the Rangers. They are coached by Mike McCarthy.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I've been a fan since they were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII.
Horse and His Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Are you a fan of horses?
You're welcome!
Sure! She's a great actress. Some of her most famous works include X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know that Susannah Grant also starred in The Her Shoes?
She also wrote Girl in a Thousand Faces.
Have a great day!
She's a great writer. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
The star of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz. Do you like him?
If you like that genre, you'll like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you seen any of those?
Worth Dying For is written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about her?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austin.
Pride and Prejudice is a novel that was turned into a film.
Sure! It's a film based on a book by Jane Austen, who is a famous author. It was released in 1847.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Titanic was directed by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
Then you might like The Aviator or The Aviator. Have you seen those?
Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
If you like dystopian fiction, you might enjoy The Return of the Native or The Giver.
Me too! Did you know she starred in The Proposal?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Romance Film
You're welcome!
Agatha Christie wrote Romeo and Juliet, have you read either of those?
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre Comedy. Do you enjoy books with these genres?
Have you read They Do it with Mirrors? It's a mystery novel.
I liked her in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. I also like Helen McCrory. Do you like her movies?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, John Woo directed The Woo, have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen The Mechanic or The City of Ember? They are both war films
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Have you seen Edgar Wright? He wrote and directed that.
Well, Scott Pilgrim starred in The Worlds End, a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead was directed by Edgar Wright. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a point guard?
Is he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I'm not sure but I can tell you he is also a point guard
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Valley of Horses.
You're very welcome!
I think he is a good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't heard much about him but I heard he is from the same place as Andy Murray
I didn't know that, I did not know that.
I didn't know that! That's interesting to know that he did a lot in it.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is also a journalist. Do you like journalists?
Leaves of Grass is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls and The Fast and the Furious
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
Yes, Paul Walker starred in The Fast and the Furious.
I'm not sure, but he passed in Takers too.
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show and The Missing. Have you seen those?
The Truman Show is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
I have heard of him, he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
I still Dream About You is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure of any other psychological thrillers, but I can tell you that Fannie Flagg also wrote Into the Wild
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 was written by Tim Burton. It's a great movie. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Andy grew up there. He's a great actor. Have you seen the movie?
Toy Story 3 is an animated movie released in 2010. Toy Story 3 is a childhood drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Do you like Memento because it is written by Jonathan Nolan?
Have you seen The Lost Symbol or The Dead Zone? They are both psychological thrillers.
I'm not sure who stars in Vanilla Sky. Are you a fan of thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses is considered a historical period drama. If you like that genre, you might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Yes, you're correct.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero was written by Peter Hyams. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
Didn't he play for the Germany national football team? I don't follow soccer much.
I don't know anything about him. Is he a midfielder as well?
I am not a huge fan of soccer but I do know that Alex Morgan has starred in a lot of movies. Are you a fan?
oh ok. what is your favorite soccer team?
The Titans is a great movie. It was written by Vince Flynn.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liard, have you read it?
Yes, she is. It is also a teen drama. Do you like that genre?
Glad to be of help
I do enjoy National Treasure. It was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know that William Hurt starred in The Family Man?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh starred in Under the Tuscan Sun?
Sure! Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem!
The Grapes of Wrath is written by John Steinbeck. what else can i do for you?
The genre for Grapes of Wrath is fiction. Do you like fiction?
The novel was originally published in 1960. It's a Historical fiction novel.
She's an author born in Chelsea in London. She's also an actress.
Oh, I've heard that! It's a beautiful place to visit. Do you know anything about it?
No, they aren't in the Affair, but they aren't in the Affair, in the Affair, in the American Football Conference.
I do not have information on the countries that they play in.
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Michael Higgins wrote In der Strafkolonie, have you read any of these?
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance, Warbreaker, and Warbreaker. Have you read those?
Yes, The Hero of Radiance was released in 2014 and it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, NARUTO was released in 2008.
Great, I hope you enjoy it
It's a crime fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like those kinds of movies?
He also starred in the Crime Thriller XXX. Have you seen that one?
If you've seen Iron Man, I'd highly recommend it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Bryan Singer directed The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
X-men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Kristen Wiig, and Laurence Fishburne to name a few.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it yet but I haven't seen it yet.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That's a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, a few of my favorites are The Matrix Revolutions and The Last Airbender. Have you seen those?
If you enjoy Pulp Fiction, I would also recommend The Maze Runner.
You're welcome.
Of course! Terry Gilliam wrote Wild Cards. Have you seen that one?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an American film directed and produced by Richard Condon
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like dramas?
Have you read True Believer or The Wedding Planner?
The Wedding is a romantic drama that was released in 2012 and is part of a series.
Yes, Zane Grey is a teen drama. Do you like fantasy books?
You are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, Mastering the Art of French Cooking was released in 1999. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Glad I could help!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It is also a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Callum Rennie starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i answer for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Have you read How to Win Friends and Influence People?
Sure! Did you like Dark Places because it's written by Gillian Flynn or because it's mystery?
Sure, The Scar is a mystery novel written by Louis Sachar. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Yes, The Theory of Everything is a drama. Do you like watching drama?
The King is a drama/mystery. Do you like dramas?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like sci-fi movies?
He was also in The Polar Express. Have you seen it?
The Car and The Beast Within You is a film he was in.
You're welcome
Are you looking for more books written by Nina Auerbach or other books written by Nina Auerbach?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in the year 2013.
Brave was written by Steve Oedekerk. Would you like to know other films starring the same genre?
Another good Pixar movie is World War Z. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national football team.
No I don't know much about it. Is he a soccer player?
Yes he plays with Luis Fabiano
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Legacy. Have you read either of those?
Yes! Do you like dramas? She wrote Into the Wild. It's also a drama.
It's starring Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
Will do! Enjoy!
I know that Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket.
Do you know anything about Cricket?
I'm not a fan. But I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians.
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, it was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released that year. It is a cute book.
The book If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Yes, they do have a copy in German language.
Perfect Chemistry has a genre of Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. Do you like his movies?
Since you are looking for a comedy, I would recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Yes, Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I can't find any information on the other books, but I can tell you that Wither was also released in 2011, and the genre is speculative fiction.
Sure! She also wrote The Forest of Hands and Fever. Have you read either of those?
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to know more about this one?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No problem, enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, but I don't know much about the cowboys. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about the Cheerleaders but I do know that Jason Garett played with the Cowboys.
The Cowboys wanted to make such an art collection as well!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo and in Jumbo.
Yes, he was. Do you like his movies?
If you like horror films, I would also suggest The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Twits.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a athlete that plays Badminton. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't. What sport does he play?
No, I haven't. Is Serena a tennis player?
Adam Levine starred in The Warrior's Way, The Other Guys and The Other Guys. Have you seen any of those?
Yes. Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
I'm not sure, but Adam Levine also has a long list of titles
Kick Ass is starring Nicolas Cage. Do you like his movies?
Xander Berkeley is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was directed by Nicolas Cage.
Nicolas Cage starred in Nicolas Cage. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and The Lord of War is a thriller.
He was also in Lord of War and starred in Nicolas Cage.
You're welcome
Yes, he's a good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, Zakira is a good writer. I haven't heard of her. Is she a musician?
I'm not sure about that. Is he a good actor?
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
She's a great actress. Did you know that she starred in The Expendables 2?
Well, it's a thriller and drama. It's about a guy mistakenly thought to be a man who gets a man on deathrow.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Well Liam Neeson also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Schindler's List is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for something in the same genre or something in the same genre?
Monsters of Men is also in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy genre?
Then you might like The Time Machine or The Invisible Man. Both of those are fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's book written by Mark Twain. It is a family genre. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca and El otoo del patriarca. Have you read those?
I don't have any additional information on that one. But I can add El Juego del angel to your read list.
I will have to add that to your list.
You're welcome!
She is an actress who starred in the movie The Muppets.
I do not know when it was released
The Muppets is a comedy-drama movie. Do you like comedies?
The Muppets is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I haven't heard much about them since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I like Lamar Jackson, he's a great quarterback. He's a great quarterback.
Have a great day!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Yes, if you enjoy Young Adult Fiction, I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife and The Mist.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
I do! Other books in the genre Young-Adult Fiction and Young-Adult Fiction are Into the Wild and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote The Longest Day & The Beast Rules the World.
The Giver is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you read those?
Have you read The Crucible or The House of Mirth?
Moonrise Kingdom was written by Wes Anderson. Do you like Wes Anderson movies?
He wrote The Plains of Passage and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read those?
It is starring Meryl Streep as well as Emily Blunt. Do you know them?
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It's a drama/mystery that was released in 2013. It's a very good movie.
He's also been in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that movie?
She was also in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
That's a great song. Do you know any of her songs?
It's a very popular song. I'll have to check it out whenever you have time.
Sure! Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome. Have you read those?
The Thorn Birds was released in 2014, and The First Man in Rome was released in 2014.
The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that?
The Last Crusade was released in 1982
The Last Crusade also starred Shia LaBeouf
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is similar to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca. It's a very good read.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, she's in a English language.
Yes, he wrote The Muse which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Muse is a great movie. The Muse is a Comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
I do! I also like Joe Pesci. He was also in The Muse.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you seen Despicable me 2?
Yes, Steve Carell has a great job in that movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, Zach Galifianakis is in that movie.
Wilson Rawls wrote The Fault in Our Stars, have you read it?
She wrote Into the Wild as well as Wilson Rawls.
Great, enjoy!
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like The Terminator because it is sci-fi or Thriller?
I'm not sure, but Jeff Goldblum starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You're welcome!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Patriots lost to the Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Patriots also lost to the Patriots in the Super Bowl.
I like John Lennon. He wrote Yellow Submarine.
He's a great song writer. Some of his most well-known works are The Yellow Submarine, and Yellow Submarine. Are you a fan?
Sure, do you like Ant-Man because it's a superhero movie?
I haven't seen any of them but I do know that Ant-Man is a superhero movie.
The Postman was written by JRR Tolkien. I haven't seen the movie yet, but I've heard good reviews.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was a romance film and was directed by James Cameron. Do you like romance films?
I do not have any other information related to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
The Gremlins was written by J.K. Rowling. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Is he a basketball player? I don't follow basketball much. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but Steve James was also in Space Jam. Have you seen that movie?
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a basketball movie?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is also a Journalist.
You're welcome.
They are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
The Packer is a Packer.
I like basketball more than football. What about you?
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
The Apostle is starring Rory Kinnear and Joel David Moore. It's an action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete. Did you know he is also an athlete?
Yes he did. He was also a model.
I don't know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Maze Runner is a science fiction movie. The Maze Runner is another great one. Have you seen it?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Robert De Niro and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow football?
No I haven't seen that one. I haven't heard much about it. Do you have any other questions?
Yes, Last Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is speculative fiction
I'm not sure about Vampire Academy, but I know some other books
No problem
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like Veronica Roth?
The genre is Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Are you looking for a satire or a satire or a satire?
Yes he did. He also wrote Into the Wild and The Giver.
Another great children's book is The Invisible Man. Have you read that one?
Yes, White Fang is also in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes, White Fang is also written by him.
No problem.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love.
I'm not sure, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in Wild Orchid.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him. I know he's a quarterback for the Packers.
I haven't seen any of them, but Aaron Rodgers has coached by Mike McCarthy. Have you heard of him?
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers. Do you like football?
Yes, she starred in The Swan Thieves and The Historian
The Historian is a series of horror books and The Swan Thieves is a series. Have you read any of these?
Yes it was written by Emile Zola. Have you heard of her?
You're welcome.
A Little Princess was written by Shel Silverstein and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was a great children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, it is. Do you want me to add Rabbit to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like their coach, Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
Jason Kidd was in the NBA Most Valuable Player of the year.
I don't know much about the Freaks, but I've heard they're pretty good.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2001.
Yes, Linkin Park has a long list of them together
The Road was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the genre or the author?
Post-Apocalyptic fiction is a good one. Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know who wrote Zoe's Tale?
I don't know, but I do know that he is also a teacher!
Yes he does, he writes science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks? He wrote and directed The Terminal.
Have you seen Larry Crowne? It's a Drama.
Yes, The Green Mile is a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote Tina Fey which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I haven't seen that one, but I know she is friends with Tina Fey. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Yes, Parks and Recreation is a great show as well. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Yes, the Invention of Lying is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, 30 Rock is a satire show. Would you like to see it?
Isn't she a soccer player? I don't follow soccer much.
I know he's also a football player. I don't follow soccer much.
I didn't know that. What position does he play?
I like her song Till the World Ends. What about you?
Yeah, that's true. I'm a huge fan of Adele, though. What about you?
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine. What do you think?
Yes, Go Ask Alice is a book written by Beatrice Sparks
Yes, it was released in the year 2001. Do you like fiction?
Yes, To Your Scattered Bodies was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles. Are you a fan?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Illustrated Man was written by Ray Bradbury. I'm not sure about Wintersmith.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Freakonomics. Are you a fan?
Freakonomics had a big role in it. Do you like that kind of movie?
He plays soccer for the Portugal national football team.
Do you know anything about David Beckham? He is a famous soccer player.
Yes, she is. Do you know her husband's wife?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall is an action/adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It's Tim Allen, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Richard Portnow.
Ella Enchanted stars Marcia DeBonis, and Johnny Depp. Are you a fan?
Ella Enchanted is written by Sylvia Plath
Yes, Ella Enchanted is available to watch
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
The Return of a Man Called Horse is starring Rory Kinnear.
He was also in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1886.
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, that is a great movie. It is written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like her work?
Yes he was
No, I haven't. Do you enjoy that movie?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
The Portable Atheist is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is. I think you'll enjoy it.
J.M. Barrie wrote peter pan
It was released in 1904
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote the play as well.
It's in the English language. Do you have any other questions?
You're welcome!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Will do! Enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is written by Richelle Mead.
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Wicked Lovely is a good one.
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland and plays in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching Venus play. Do you like tennis?
That's amazing! Do you have a favorite tennis player?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Detroit Pistons. Is he your favorite player?
That's interesting. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
you are welcome.
Did you know that The Help was written by Tate Taylor-Johnson?
Yes she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
She's been in quite a few films. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in The Help, The People vs. Larry Flynn, and The Son of Neptune.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Ninth Configuration and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. State Fair was a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did! He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes. It is written by Margaret Mitchell.
I've read several of her books. Would you like to know some of them?
It's a children's book. Do you like childrens books?
You're welcome
Yes, she starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in so many great films. Would you like to know about any of them?
Sure, Tombstone also starred in True Lies. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen. anything else i can answer for you?
Great. Have a good day
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
She wrote a series called Wild Cards. Have you heard of them?
Perfect Chemistry is a novel by Simone Elkeles who writes novels in a lot of genres.
Paul Verhoeven starred in RoboCop 3. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Merchant of Venice and The Aviator.
Total Recall is an action/adventure film released in 1982.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That's a great one. Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was also a film?
Undertow is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Some of the other actors in this movie are Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway.
The Thirteenth Floor stars Sharlto Copley and Bill Paxton.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Then you might enjoy the Harry Potter movies. Have you seen the other Harry Potter movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad to be of help!
OK. Have a good day.
Yes, Collateral directed Collateral. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he did. That was a great movie. Do you enjoy Public Enemies?
If you enjoy Public Enemies, I think you'll enjoy that!
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I do not have any information on that movie. Would you like other recommendations?
Sean Harris also stars in Total Recall.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are owned by Bill Neukom. Are you a fan?
Oh, 2014 was a great year for baseball. Are you a fan?
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Denzel Washington stars in the Equalizer. Are you a fan?
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, and The Giving Tree.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is from the United States of America. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, it's a great drama. Do you like those types of movies?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is similar to Guy Cardwell.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a similar book.
Mark Twain also wrote Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to know more?
He wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice is one of the most popular novels in the world.
Persuasion is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy. Do you like the Hunt for Red October books?
The genre is Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in that.
Yes, he did. Did you know Owen Wilson starred in Zoolander?
Yes. Luke Wilson was also in Zoolander. Do you like his movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song Crossroads, how about you?
I didn't know that. Is Kevin Federline a comedian?
That was a great movie. Do you like movies with Benefits or any other genres?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Cruise?
It is written by Liane Mori. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Yes, The Terminal is considered a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure! Steve McQueen wrote Tom's Lover and The Nutty Professor. Have you seen those?
The Great Escape was released in 2014. Steve McQueen also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
The Towering Inferno was directed by Steve McQueen, who also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the genre or the author?
Robert Pattinson wrote Heart of Darkness.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Eric Carle.
That was written by Terry Gilliam. Do you like Terry Gilliam?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1987. Do you like fantasy books?
The Writers of Oz was George Lucas
Yes, it is in the Adventure genre. Do you like Adventure movies?
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k. is a great family movie. Do you like this genre?
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
I've never seen it. Is it the energy of a kid?
He sure is! He's a great coach. He's a great defender. He's a great defender.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead in The Fugitive.
Yes, he produced and directed the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Stars in The Perks of Being a Walflower along with Stephen Chbosky.
Yes. Emma Watson starred in it.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Perks of Being a Walflower is a comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes, they are a goof team. Are you a fan?
That's true. Didn't they play in the World Series this year?
It does look fun to watch. The World Series was runner ups for Super Bowl XXXII.
The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote Aline Brosh McKenna. Have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom.
Yes, Martin Short and Laurie Metcalf starred in Treasure Planet. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Legend of Zorro stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure! William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October.
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure if he has any thrillers, but I can recommend Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is considered a romance
No, but Pearl S Buck starred in Black-White
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about them but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander
I like Basketball. What about you?
I love tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
It stars Kristen Wiig, Emily Blunt and Rupert Everett.
Alan Arkin has been in quite a few films. He's been in such films as Transformers and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is Noel Gugliemi
You're welcome!
David Oliver Relin has also written Zoe's Tale.
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Subterraneans and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Absolutely, he has also worked on Dallas Cowboys and the Bourne Ultimatum.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted.
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
The Tombs of Atuan is a fantasy novel written by Gail Carson Levine. It's part of a series.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes he did and he was also a coach
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a football player. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree. He's a great player. He's also a forward.
Sure! Do you like books written by Greg Heffley's journal?
Yes, The Ugly Truth is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! Passion of the Christ is a historical period drama film directed by Christo Jivkov. It is a very popular film.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Sci-Fi genre. Do you like those genres?
Veronica Roth wrote Divergent. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
Yes, Allegiant was released in 2011.
Sure. It was written by Richelle Mead. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read that one?
It is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
The Golden Compass was written by Chris Weitz, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Philip Pullman wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Shane Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Sure, Shane Black also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her music. Are you a fan?
I like Shakira more tho. Shakira more tho is from Denver Nuggets.
Ricky Martin is a great singer. Did you know he is also a model?
Yes, it was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Then you might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Xenocide.
It's a great movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Venus is very talented. I like her sister Serena too.
Are you a fan of tennis?
I am not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Woody Harrelson.
Oh yea he is a good player, he is a decent player too.
Hoop Dreams is a great movie. Did you know Danny DeVito starred in it?
Isn't he a football player?
Not really. I prefer American Football. What about you?
It is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read those?
The genre is fiction
He wrote The Water is Wide
It was released in 1969.
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the genre or the author?
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rebecca Wells.
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is written by Mickey Knox.
Well, it was written by Once Upon a Time in the West, and it's considered a satire.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leone who also directed Once Upon a Time in the West.
City of God was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of hers?
Have you seen Zoe's Tale? It's a drama.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Harper Lee, and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like his movies?
Calvin Harris is a DJ, Record producer, singer, and songwriter. He is also a model. Do you like his music?
Yes he is a DJ he is also a musician
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I like tennis. What about you?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote Three Cups of Tea. Have you read it?
It is speculative fiction
You are welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Lorax. Have you seen those?
I haven't heard anything from her, but I haven't heard anything from her. Are you a fan?
Did you know that Taylor Swift starred in the movie?
Sia Furler is a good singer. I like Shakira too. I've been listening to her Teenage Dream.
Well, I'm not a fan of Lyricists, but I haven't heard much of her music.
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't really follow cricket. Are you a fan?
Yeah, he plays cricket too. Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is from Hamburg?
Yes, Hayden Panettiere starred in that movie.
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton has starred in such films as Sense of Snow and Mr. Paxton.
Yes, Field of Dreams is a drama. Do you like dramas?
1989 was the year that released Where the Wild Things Are.
Do you like Fantasy Films?
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
It's an action/adventure movie. Do you like those types of movies?
That's correct. Kevin Zegers starred in it as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know anything else?
She also wrote Wedding Night
Some other dramas you might like are Wedding Belles and The House of Mirth
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know that he plays in the India national cricket team.
I've been a fan since they were runner-ups in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Do you like Sharp Objects because it is written by Gillian Flynn or because it is a Mystery genre?
I'm not sure, but Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects.
What Do You Do was released in 2014. I'm not sure if it's a new book but it's highly recommended!
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and in The Prestige. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
It has a great cast, including Tom Hanks, Jena Malone, and Kim Dickens.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer. I don't know much about her. Do you like her music?
The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Since you've been there, I'll have to go to the World Series a few times since they've been there.
Not too long, but I've been a fan since they made it to the World Series.
I've heard Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback for the Packers.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger, have you read that one?
The genre is children's literature, Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree. Phil Mickelson is a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
That's interesting. Did you know Phil Mickelson won the 2010 PGA Championship?
Yes, Entourage is a drama. It also stars Vivica A Fox. Are you a fan of dramas?
Weeds was a great movie. I hope you enjoy them!
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
The Time Machine was released in 1960. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet. Have you?
No problem, enjoy!
A Space Odyssey is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
I do like James Harden, he's a great shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
Willie Green is also a great shooting guard.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of the Yankees but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The team is owned by George Steinbrenner, who is a very talented player
Sure, I can tell you that the Yankees play at the World Series this year.
Psycho is a psychological thriller. Are you a fan of that genre?
i do not have any information in my data base but Robert Bloch starred in Psycho as a Slasher.
I'm not sure what he's done, but Janet Leigh starred in Wicked.
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he's. Are you a fan of the businessperson?
Didn't they also have a relationship with Greg Schiano?
Sure! Do you like Rocky because it is written by Sylvester Stallone?
He starred in The River Why. Have you seen that one?
Creed was released in 2016 and is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a lot of books. He wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. Do you like his movies?
The film also stars Annabelle Wallis
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Yes, it is a romance novel.
Have you heard of A Midsummer Night's Dream?
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is an action/adventure film. Do you like Omar Sy?
Cloverfield has Sci-Fi genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Do you like him because he starred in Things Behind the Sun?
That was a great movie. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
That's correct. It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
That's great. Did you know that Robert Downey Jr. also starred in it?
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Jerry Jones, he is a quarterback for the Cowboys.
The Broncos, Raiders of the Lost Ark and many others.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Temptation of Christ
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a 007 movie. Sean Connery also starred in The Secret Life of Bees.
Sure, Gillian Flynn. Dark Places is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
He also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
I don't know any other authors, but Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I agree. He is a great writer.
Yes, I like that genre. I also like Wild Grass.
Great. Have a great day!
I don't really know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I don't really follow cricket much, but I've heard that it's a great sport.
I haven't. I've been to a couple of times, but I've never been to a live game.
I've been a fan for a few years. I'll watch the Superbowl for the commercials.
You too!
I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like Warlock because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
If you like that one, you might also enjoy Zombieland. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curse of the Gatsby is a classic. The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald is considered a classic.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure when they came out, but Arc de Triomphe was influenced by Erich Maria Remarque.
I'm not sure when they were written, but they were released in English. I can't read the book now.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
The Williams sisters are a great tennis player. Do you follow tennis much?
I did love it. Do you know anything about it?
I am a huge fan of fashion. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A Streetcar Named Desire is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like Tana French? She wrote In the Woods.
In the Woods is a novel in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He's an author who wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
He has been involved with several films, including X-Men Origins, World War Z, and many more.
Harsh Times is directed by David Ayer. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times . Have you seen it?
You're welcome
I haven't heard much about them lately. Are they a football team?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you follow any of them?
I like the Bears, but my husband's favorite team is the Redskins.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Social Network. Have you seen either of those?
The Social Network starred Matt Damon and Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is a biographical film
The Social Network was released in 2011.
2010 is the genre for The Social Network.
2010 was written by Woody Harrelson, who also produced The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen that?
Yes, Joan Allen also starred in The Ice Storm. Would you like to know more about Joan Allen?
He also wrote The Ice Storm and The Secret Life of Bees.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel. If you like young-adult fiction novels, I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2011. Do you like books written by Sarah J Maas?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion which was released in 1817.
That's the only one I have listed with her. Did you know she also wrote Persuasion?
No, I haven't, but I haven't read Persuasion with Jane Austen. Would you like me to add it to my favorites?
I know that she is an athlete that plays Badminton. Are you a fan of badminton?
I don't have any information on any other players like her, but I do know that she played an athlete.
I'm not sure. But, I can't find any information on where the Commonwealth Games played.
Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by Joel Coen. Do you like his books?
Martin McDonagh has starred in many movies. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like scientists?
He did! He directed the movie The River Why. Have you seen it?
Robin has been in quite a few movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a great family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Sarah Silverman. It is a great family movie.
Will do!
Then you might like The Simpsons. It was written by Macbeth.
The Iliad is a classic, but Homer's The Iliad is more of a Gothic Fiction genre.
They are both great works. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Pete Carroll as a coach?
That's true. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXV? That's cool.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
She starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedy?
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
Dead in 2009 is a mystery novel. Alive is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, he wrote Dead as well.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The team is owned by Madison Square Garden Company, I believe
They are a part of the NFC South division
No, problem
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Colin Farrell starred in I Heart Huckabees, Tristan & Isolde, and The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen those?
Sure! Colin Farrell starred in Seven Psychopaths and The Return of the Native. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike McCarthy. Are you a fan?
The Denver Broncos are a part of the NFC West division. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like him?
I haven't seen that one. I think it was written by Gary Scott Thompson. Do you like him?
Michael Irby was also in Matt Schulza. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
Hunger Games was written by Michael Grant. Do you like his work?
Yes, the movie is based on Divergent. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Okay, if you like Young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Giver or The Giver.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yeah, he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 PGA Championship?
Yes, it is. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
Yea, I've read her poetry, but I don't know any of her other works. Do you like poetry?
It was released in 1981. It's a classic.
Will do! Enjoy them!
He wrote она и мир.
James Franco is an actor who starred in Palo Alto. Have you seen that movie?
This is the End stars Rosemary Wells and James Franco. It is considered a comedy.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
I am not a huge fan of football but I do know that Alexis Sanchez is from Honolulu. What sport do you like?
I haven't seen that one, but I've been a fan since it was so popular. Do you like football movies?
That's correct. Doctor Zhivago is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Sea of Monsters is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Vespers Rising was also written by Rick Riordan and features Greek mythology
Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Sorry there is no information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer is an American author of children's literature
Is he a point guard for the Denver Nuggets?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you read those?
Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury, Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1953
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love that movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was also in that movie?
Rob Schneider starred in Grown Ups. He's a great actor.
Yes, she was also in Frida.
Joe Morton wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Lolita. Have you read any of these?
What Lies Beneath is a thriller. Other thriller movies you may enjoy are Shark Night, xXx, and xXx.
That's a great movie. Did you know it was directed by Frank Beddor?
You're welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I know Saina Nehwal was from India. Do you like her?
Yes he is. Do you know who he is from?
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Thor is a Thriller starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor movies?
If you liked him in Thor, he also starred in X-Men movies.
Then I would recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron. Have you seen that one?
Eric Brees is a writer. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Yes, The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American horror film directed by Eric Brees. Eric Brees also directed The Final Destination 2: The Final Destination 2.
William Lee Scott also starred in The Final Destination 2 and The Final Destination 2.
October Sky was a drama film directed by Eric Brees. Would you like to know anything else about this movie?
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about her, but I do like her in the movie Crossroads. Have you seen it?
Pauly Shore is Dead also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome. She's also an amazing actress.
Sure! Frank Miller directed The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
Pencil 300 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, It starred Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde. Do you like them?
It's a Sci-Fi/Action/Adventure movie. If you like those types of movies, you'll like Zoolander.
Yes, Kill Bill is a great film. Kill Bill series is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's starring Shia LaBeouf, Hugh Jackman, and Denzel Washington. Do you like those actors?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Persuasion is a romance novel by Jane Austen. Do you like romance novels?
Yes! It's a great historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her.
Mortal Instruments has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Tom Cruise, Hugh Jackman, and Randall Park just to name a few.
Yes, you are correct. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder?
The Last Samurai is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I know that they won the Super Bowl XXXXXVIII.
I've been a fan since Brett Favre was a quarterback. What do you think?
I've been a fan since they were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII. What about you?
Sure, do you like My Sister's Keeper because it is written by Jodi Picoult?
Sure! Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke. Have you read it?
No, I haven't read Plain Truth yet. But, I haven't read that one.
No, I don't watch soccer. I prefer American Football. Do you watch soccer?
Do you have a favorite sport to watch?
I've never heard of it but I love the sport with kids!
Sure, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series. Have you read those?
The Sweet Far Thing is a Speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the fantasy genre. Do you like that genre?
The Sweet Far Thing is a fantasy book. If you haven't read the Sweet Far Thing, I think you should enjoy this one.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, they speak in Polish. Do you like Polish?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Isn't he a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets?
Drew Brees is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Are you a fan?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, there is a lot of talent in the young age.
Wow! That's interesting. Is there anything else I can help with?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
I don't have any information on that, but Mike Starr starred in it as well.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, he won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
He's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie
If you like Adventure films, I would also recommend The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read those?
The Ship of Brides is considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Marvelous Land of Oz is similar to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
No, I haven't. I haven't read that one, but I haven't read it. I haven't read it. I've heard it's a good read.
I will have to add them to your list. Thank you
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't follow tennis much. Do you like tennis?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer
I agree with you on that!
No problem!
Sure, he wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes and The Valley of Fear.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1901. Would you like to know more?
Cool! Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1892. Would you like to know anything else about the book?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You're welcome!
No, I haven't, but I haven't read the book before it.
She also wrote Divergent
It's a suspense/mystery novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome.
Yes, I like her song a Thousand Years. Do you like her?
She wrote a Thousand Years. Is there a specific genre you like?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Sure! He starred in The Time Machine and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Vanishing Acts and The Pact. Have you read those?
Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. It's also a film adaptation. Do you like her movies?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel. Do you like that genre?
I know he is a soccer player and plays for the Brazil national football team.
I do like the Premier League. What is your favorite sport?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
I've been a fan since Jake Allen played for the Browns. I don't follow the sport much. What sport do you like?
I think Mike Pettine is a good coach for the Cleveland Browns. Did you know he's from the United States of America?
Sure, Peter Weir directed The Truman Show and Witness. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, she starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
Have you seen her in Valentine's Day?
Yes, Number the Stars is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Yes, Xenocide is a great read. It is written by Orson Scott Card and is a fantasy.
No problem, I am happy to help.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Charlotte's Web
I'm not sure about that, but Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web. Do you like her books?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Country Bears. Have you seen those?
Some other comedies that you might enjoy are Zombieland and Waiting to Exhale.
Submarine is starring Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Glad to help!
Sure! That was written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his books?
Sure! Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote Last Chance to See.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a series of novels written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about these?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is an autobiographical novel written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about it?
You're welcome!
I like contemporary R &B, do you like them?
They are very similar to Nsync. They're very talented. Do you like them?
Yes, I do. They're pretty cool. They're pretty good. They're pretty cool.
I think they are a pretty good team, did you know their coach is Jim Caldwell?
Yes he is. Did you know Ray Lewis is also a linebacker?
I'm a huge fan of hockey. Do you have a favorite sport to watch?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or something in the same genre?
Sure. X-Men 2 and World War Z are both sci-fi movies.
You're welcome.
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Nut Job is also similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Ryan Gosling and Ryan Gosling.
Interestingly enough, Meet the Parents is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
That is a great movie. Denzel washington also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry
Yes. Rufus Sewell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Troy? It's a great family film.
The Pianist is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that she has a sister named Serena Williams
I did. That's a great family movie. Have you seen it?
That's a good one. American Gangster stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Nicholson.
I'm not sure where Serena lives. But, I can't remember.
He directed The Illusionist. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, there's Interview with the Assassin and the Desert.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read White Fang? It is also a thriller.
It was written by Sylvia Plath. Do you like her books?
Will do!
Sure! Do you like Silence because it is written by Natalie Portman or because it is a thriller?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium is a series of books in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in that author?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she also starred in Valentine's Day?
Yeah, it's a good read. Madonna's relationship with Madonna, isn't she also an actress?
Yes, that's a great song. Did you know Madonna is also a singer?
I will have to check that out. Did you know she starred in The Lorax?
That's a great musical. Did you know Madonna starred in it? It's a great movie.
Yes, it was written by Joel Coen. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure! James Patterson has written many books. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
He wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned.
Do you want me to add Tess Gerritsen to your list?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is starring Tom Hanks?
He starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote and directed Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen it?
The Wrestler is a drama
It also starred Channing Tatum and Ellen Burstyn
Sure, Francis Ford Coppola directed Apocalypto
Apocalypse Now stars many of the actors in Apocalypse Now. Do you know any of these actors?
Apocalypse Now is an action, adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Mr and Mrs. Smith was written by Simon Kinberg. Do you like his movies?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Supremacy is a thriller and I highly recommend it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her books?
I am not sure, but Hayley Atwell also starred in The Wedding Date.
The Pillars of the Earth is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't heard much about them since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I'm a patriots fan. They're runner-up for Super Bowl XXXII. Have you seen them?
Belichick is a great coach. Did you know that he is from Chicago?
Sure Mad Max Fury starred Hugh Jackman and Mad Max Fury Road. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Brave One has a genre of Adventure and Action. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he is a great actor.
Yes, Nicky Katt has starred in it and he has starred in The Brave One.
You're welcome
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and We Were Liars. Have you read those?
It was released in 2008.
Have you read Where I Belong? That's a good one.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a drama or a drama?
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes! Unknown is also a film. Unknown is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's a very well-known film.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, he's a Midfielder.
I didn't know that. Is he a Midfielder from Wales?
Sia Furler is an American singer, songwriter, and lyricist.
I love her music. Did you know she also starred in Valentine's Day?
She's really talented. She's also been a model and starred in the movie Chandelier.
I have not, but I have heard of it. Did you know it was written by Anne Tyler?
I have not, but i have read The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read it?
I do! Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. I also like thrillers. Have you seen it?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012. Do you like romance novels?
It's a good movie. Kevin McNally and Liam Neeson both starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
He also wrote When We Were Orphans. Have you read that one?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I know that he plays on the Poland national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
I don't know much
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read those?
The Selection was written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass' books?
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
If you like Action movies, you might also enjoy The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
XXX stars Hugh Jackman, Elijah Wood, and Liam Neeson to name a few.
Yes, that's true. Did you know that he also starred in The Muppets?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's great! She also wrote "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings". Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Yann Martel and directed by Yann Martel.
Sure, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
The Garden of Good and Evil is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Tipping Point book is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Tipping Point: How to Win Friends and Influence People by Malcolm Gladwell.
Yes. Do you like Malcolm Gladwell? He wrote The Tipping Point.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen those?
Fair Game is a drama
The Golden Compass is a great action film
Is there anything else I can help with?
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
Amadeus is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Amadeus was added to the movie Amadeus II.
The Chronicles of Narnia was written by C. S. Lewis in 1953.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel released in 1847.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1938. It is also fantasy.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really follow cricket much, but I do know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
I love Adam Levine. He's one of my favorite singers. Do you like him?
I am not sure. I do know that Adam Levine starred in the movie Maroon 5
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, it is a romantic comedy
It was written by James Frey. Do you like his books?
Sure. He's also written A Million Little Pieces. Is that the genre you're looking for?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton wrote a lot of thrillers including Michael Crichton. Do you like thrillers?
Michael Crichton has written a lot of books
it is a tragicomedy
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich.
I like American Football, but I don't know much about American Football. What about you?
I've been a fan since I've seen a couple of games. Do you enjoy basketball?
Sure, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is a writer. He wrote "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire".
Yes, it's a great notion. It was released in 1981.
Sure! It is a great book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a writer. Some of his works include Eldo del Toro, El otoo del patriarca
He also wrote Angels & Demons and The Alchemist.
It's considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American football player who plays as a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I know it was written by Tom Brady.
Eva Mendes also starred in Unstoppable and Emma Thompson
Yes, it is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorites. Have you seen him in X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Silver Linings Playbook is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Martin Scorsese movies. Did you know that he wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes. Gangs of New York starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Do you like these actors?
If you like Step Brothers, I think you'll enjoy Step Brothers. Have you seen the movie?
Well Robert De Niro starred in Step Brothers. He's a great actor.
Sure, Wreck It Ralph starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It's a comedy.
It's an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes! The Toy Story 2 is written by Tim Burton. It's a great animated movie.
Yes. Tom Hanks has also starred in Larry Crowne.
Larry Crowne is a comedy produced by Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great comedy. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it.
You too!
Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes I have The Phantom Menace, also starring Liam Neeson. Liam Neeson is also in the fantasy genre as well.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by JRR Tolkien.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
Wow! That's a great year for football, but I'm not a fan.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he is. Do you like his movies?
I agree, Wayne was born in New Jersey. He was a great actor.
No I haven't seen that one, I haven't seen it. What Women Want is a drama. Do you like drama?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, they were co-written by Mark Twain.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her movies?
The Hunger Games is similar to Divergent. Have you seen that one?
you're welcome
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. as Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Nicki Minaj is a celebrity friend to Tyga
Oh wow. That's a good one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've never heard of Woohoo. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, Unaccustomed Earth is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Dr. Seuss wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket. Do you like Dr. Seuss?
Theodore Lesieg is a American author who writes speculative fiction
The Lorax came out in 1987
The Lorax is a Animated genre : Speculative fiction
Will do
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football franchise based in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the the Seattle Seahawks. What is your favorite team?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has also written The Invisible Man and The World's End.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he has also written a film called When We Were Orphans.
Great! Hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer wrote The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1999
It is a Thriller
You are welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland
I've read Män som hatar kvinnor. I haven't read it. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Agatha Christie also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read those?
Akira Kurosawa has directed a number of Japanese films, including Yojimbo, Yojimbo, and Ran. Have you seen any of those?
Yojimbo stars Yojimbo and Akira Kurosawa. It was released in Japanese language.
Toshiro Mifuni starred in alot of different movies. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Chris Hemsworth. what else can i answer for you?
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a comedy you may enjoy. What else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I'm not a big fan of the Jaguars but I do know they are owned by Wayne Huizenga.
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
That's awesome! I loved the Cowboys in the Super Bowl.
I haven't heard any of his songs, but Michael Jackson starred in The Wiz. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I have seen it. It is a great movie. Do you like those types of movies?
He was also in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Max Brooks also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Brad Pitt is a great lead, he also starred in Troy. Have you seen it?
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
They're coached by John Farrell. They're a good team too.
They have a lot of good players. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure, Timur Bekmatov has directed a number of popular movies. He's a great actor, director, and director. He's been in a lot of popular movies.
Sure, Night Watch is an action/adventure film released in 2011. It is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Sure! Douglas Adams was an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. Do you like those genres?
The book was released in 1986, have you read the book?
There are so many great fiction books to choose from, such as The Time Machine and The Bone Collector
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Marlon Brando?
He wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando has been in quite a few films. I highly recommend The Godfather Part II.
Marlon Brando was in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Apocalypse Now is a classic, as well as The Godfather II.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football franchise based in the United States of America
I didn't know that. I know he was a former American football player.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but I do know that he's from there.
They're not doing well this year, but they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It does look like they are playing against the New England Patriots this year
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, that movie is starring Zooey Deschanel. Do you like Zooey Deschanel?
Yes, Pruitt Vince also starred in Beautiful Creatures, and Zooey Deschanel.
You Again, It is a great movie. It was released in 1999 and also stars Denis Leary.
The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri. what else can i answer for you?
Well, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by Orson Scott Card.
Will do! Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, The Informant.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in Born to Be Wild. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I know he composed The Christmas Blessing. Do you like country music?
His record label is Country Pop. Do you like Country Pop?
I don't have that information, but I do know he has a record label that he has a record label with Records
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liard. She wrote Pretty Little Liard. Have you read it?
Yes! Pretty Little Liars was a TV series by Sara Shepard. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not sure of any of the series. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach is David Platt?
I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. What is your favorite soccer team?
Do you know anything about Army/Navy?
I don't know much about the Steelers. Are they a football team?
Yeah, he's a great coach. He was born in Pittsburgh and plays for the New England Patriots.
Oh, I didn't know that. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in a lot of movies. Are you a fan of hers?
Sean Penn was in it. Did you know that he is also an actor?
I will send it to the screen now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and Como agua para chocolate.
That was a good year for poetry
Yes she did. Do you like her music?
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards. Are you a fan?
Kim Edwards is also a writer. Do you like novels?
You're welcome
Sure! William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
Yes, it is also a thriller
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie wrote Romeo and Juliet, have you read those?
It was released in 2004
Happy to help
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Of course, What You Will is written by William Shakespeare. It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Happy to help!
He directed The Imitation Game. Have you seen it?
Yes, Headhunters has starred as the headhunters and The Imitation Game has genre Thriller
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
He wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't have any information on where he's acted. Is he a point guard?
He wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a Comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
It is a Suspense , Film Producer and Film Producer. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Great! Have a wonderful day.
Sure! She starred in Wonder Boys and The Ice Storm. Have you seen those?
The Situation is a biographical drama that was released in 2015. The Hunted is a dramatic thriller.
Sure! Enjoy!
He starred in Friends with Benefits and Friends with Benefits
It's a snowboarder movie
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not, but I heard it was a good book. Have you read it?
It's considered Speculative fiction and Speculative fiction.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like books similar to Harper Lee?
The Two Towers is a drama. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Are you interested in Sci-Fi?
Will do! Is there anything else I can help with?
Jonathan Levine directed The Warrior's Way, The Iliad, and many others. Have you seen any of those?
The Wackness is a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure! Robert De Niro starred in Wackness. Have you seen any of them?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like the genre or the author?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of these?
Sure! The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
It's a classic. I'll have to read it now.
Sure! Roman Polanski directed The Ghost Writer, The Ninth Configuration, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen those?
Roman Polanski wrote The Ghost Writer
It was released in 2005
Are you looking for more books written by the same author, Suzanne Collins?
Sure! Jack London has starred in many movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, White Fang was also in a film. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, he has been in Freddyshack, The Monsters University, and Winter's Tale.
Yes, James Franco was in it as well. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Shadows and Lies was released in 2007. Would you like to know more?
Sure, Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of these?
Frankenstein is considered a Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a classic, but the original language is English.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Fight Club is starred by Jim Uhls. Do you know any of his movies?
You're welcome!
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues which was released in 1929.
I don't have any information on that. I do know that he is from the English language.
You're welcome.
Yes! Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he did. He's been in quite a few great movies.
Yes, Denzel Washington was also in Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
Yes! He was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was. It's a great movie.
Great, enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League East?
It's funny. I've been to a couple of their games. Are you a fan?
Do you know anything about the LA Dodgers or Dodgers?
Sure! Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
It was released in 2012. Do you like that author?
There are several great actors in this movie including Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Channing Tatum.
Sure, I will add Freakonomics to your movie list.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read those?
Yes, Eli Wallach starred in The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in The Fistful of Dollars and Mystic River.
Yes, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read those?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House or Welcome to the Monkey House?
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House or Welcome to the Monkey House.
Have you seen The Republic of Love? It's one of my favorites.
Stars in Million Dollar Baby with Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, he was also in The Civil War and The Civil War.
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry
I'm not sure when that came out, but I do know that it's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It has a great cast including Will Smith and Rosario Dawson. Do you like them?
Brad Garrett wrote Brad Garrett. Brad Garrett starred in many movies. Do you like his movies?
Underdog is a Drama/Fantasy film starring Brad Garrett and Angelina Jolie Pitt
He has been in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited
I agree. Didn't they win the Super Bowl this year?
They're owned by Jeffrey Lurie, but I don't know much about them.
I've been a fan since the Cowboys were in the AFC East.
I like the New England Patriots. What is your favorite Patriots team?
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also stars Seth Rogen and Bill Paxton. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a drama, as well as a comedy. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it.
The Incredible Hulk is written by Stan Lee. It stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2010. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a thriller or Thriller?
Then you might like World War Z or Die Hard
Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's a drama?
Sure! He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z.
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen those?
Yes, she starred in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Well, Naomi Watts has also starred in The Truman Show and The Hotel New Hampshire. Have you seen those?
Yes, it stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men Origins?
He was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
It is also starring Ryan Reynolds, Ryan Reynolds and Huge Jackman. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
He directed The Transporter starring Louis Leterrier.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Anthony Hopkins. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
The Incredible Hulk is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Good Will Hunting is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Hugh Jackman and Rosario Dawson star in that movie. Do you know them?
Yes, Ben Affleck also wrote The Town.
Yes, The Town is considered a horror film.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1856.
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Sure. The House of Mirth is another great one. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Tom Cruise, and Bill Paxton. Do you like any of these actors?
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a comedy?
Have you seen the movie True Lies? It is a very good movie starring Tom Cruise.
I'm not sure of the release date for Auto Racing.
Happy to help!
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great one.
If you like Bruce Willis, you should try X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Bruce Willis also stars in Unbreakable.
I know that he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Did you know he is also a musician?
I don't know too much about the genre but I do know that he is a good composer
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek III
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction novel written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote Wintergirls and The Handmaid's Tale. Have you read those?
It was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
Yes! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, Turner & Hooch, Ghostbusters, and more. Do you like any of those movies?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
Not sure. But Yann Martel starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, you're correct. She also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, it's a great adventure film, as well as a few other adventure films.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Zoe's Tale
You're welcome, anything else I can help with?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is another good one.
I think he's a good player. What do you think?
He is a basketball player and plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player. Is he your favorite player?
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man
Do you like the author Frank McCourt?
you are welcome
I think it is a great book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2016. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach Jose Mourinho was also a former soccer player?
Yes, he is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Is he a soccer player?
Sure! Jack London wrote The Sea of Monsters and The Fault in Our Stars.
White Fang is considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know it also starred Sarah Silverman?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a good show. Did you know she starred in it?
Yes. Undisputed is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I can add it to your watch list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like comedies because it's comedy?
It was released in 2009. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, I do. J.K. Rowling starred in Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
I know that he wrote The Ruby in the Smoke
Cool! J.K. Rowling also wrote Towers of Midnight, which is a great read.
There are so many great young-adult fiction books that you might enjoy. The Golden Compass is a good one.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel. If you're looking for something in that genre, let me know.
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in many movies. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Sure, Shrek 2 was written by Andrew Adamson. Do you like animations?
I don't know too much about the New York Mets. Are you a fan?
I haven't been to several of the stadium's, but I haven't been to several. I've been a fan since my husband's been to the World Series.
Minute Maid is a comedy-drama film. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a TV show and he also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I am not a huge fan of Chealsea. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
Well, Chelsea has won several championships including the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final and the 2008 Champions League Final.
Oh, I've never heard of it. Do you know anything about it?
Yes, King Kong was written by Nikita Alminas. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Thomas Kretschmann starred in The Nutty Professor. Have you seen that movie?
It was released in 2005.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
He played for the Denver Broncos. He's a great player.
If you enjoy drama, I would also recommend The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I am not a huge fan of the New York Mets. Are you a fan of the New York Mets or the New York Mets?
I've been a fan since it was a few years ago. Do you like MBA?
I like Field of Dreams. Do you like sports movies?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association.
I like LeBron James. He's a great player. Do you know him?
No I haven't, but I know LeBron James is an athlete
It's a great movie starring Men in Black. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Lowell Cunningham, you might like Zombieland or Zombieland.
Sorry, I don't have that information. But, I know Lowell Cunningham directed it.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel called Batman Begins
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
The Golden Fool was released in 2014. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read those?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
American History X was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like war films?
Lake of Fire stars Robert Downey Jr. and Elisabeth Shue. Do you know them?
Lake of Fire has a genre Crime and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
He is also a teacher and a teacher as well
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome.
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985. Do you like her books?
Yes. If You Take a Mouse to the Movies is a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is the same story.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is written by Stanley Kubrick?
If you enjoy Eyes Wide Shut, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee or Zodiac.
I don't have when a stranger calls. Is there anything else I can help with?
Glad I could help!
Sure! Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a non-fiction novel released in 2011.
Will do, enjoy
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Romance Films?
Do you know their home venue is called the Boston Celtics?
Yes, he is! He's one of the best basketball players in the NBA.
The Chicago Bulls are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
Chicago Bulls compete in the American Basketball Conference East division as a member of the National Basketball Association's National Basketball Conference West division
Yes, they will make it to the playoffs this year
Your welcome.
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
That was a good one. It is a Thriller. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Crescendo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for more books written by Jane Austen or other romance novels?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Persuasion is a Romance novel by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
You're welcome!
Yes I do, they are a couple of my favorite bands. One of my favorites is I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With.
Oh yeah. I like Warner Bros. Records. They're a great rapper. Do you like them? Warner Bros. Records haven't been there yet?
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo, and Finding Nemo.
Finding Nemo is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well. Are you a fan?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do! Phil LaMarr wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
Correct. Do you like her movies? She starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
The Powerpuff Girls Movie starring Tom Kane is a family movie. Would you like to watch it?
Happy to help!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo and in Jumbo.
He plays all forms of the game and his father is a famous bowler.
Yes, he wrote it and he wrote it too.
Yes, Damian Lillard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes Paul Allen owns the team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but I've heard they're good.
Yes, The King's Speech is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, she was also in the TV program True Grit and The Messenger.
Jesus of Nazareth was also a tv show
I love her music. My favorite song of hers is Whatcha Say. Have you heard of it?
I don't know much about Shakira Furler, but I do like her song Into the Wild. Do you like her?
She is a very talented singer, but I haven't heard much of her music since I've been there.
The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Do you like them?
That's a great part of the National Football League as well. Do you have a favorite team?
If you've been to the Super Bowl XXXVIII, I'll have to check them out!
I think Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure. I don't follow basketball much. Is he a good player?
Yes, he does. He is also a good actor.
Sure thing! Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Have you seen the Pillars of the Earth?
You're welcome
Yes, that is a great movie starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes. She was also in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men 2
I'm not a huge fan of the Buccaneers, but I do know that they are owned by Lois Lowry
I don't know much about Lovie Smith, but I do know that Lovie Smith is also a coach.
I like football, but my favorite team is the Broncos
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Sure thing! J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
It is written by J.K. Rowling, who also won the Harry Potter Award.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Do you like Woody Allen because he starred in a lot of movies?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Liam Neeson. Do you like either of those actors?
I think you'll enjoy it.
Spirited Away is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Scream of the Banshee? It's a drama.
I have one called Scream of the Banshee, which is also a drama.
You're welcome
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read those?
The Virgin Suicides is a romance novel. Dorian is a novel that was released in 1979.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
He's been in a lot of great movies. Have you seen the Lord of the Rings? It is a great one.
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actor, Mindy Kaling has been in so many great movies. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin's Lover and The Virgin's Lover.
Sure! Miranda Richardson also starred in The Lorax. She is also a musician.
Yes, it's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
Sure, I'll send it right over.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also an artist?
Yes, I like her song Till the World Ends.
Yes, that's a great song. I've been meaning to watch it a few years ago.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
Yes, he did. Are you interested in other films he directed?
Yes he did produce The Prestige and The Prestige.
The Prestige is considered a Sci-Fi genre, and Man of Steel is also in the Sci-Fi genre.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Prestige is a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
He is a player on the Brazil national football team.
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know Dani Alves plays as a forward?
They're a good team, but they're not doing well enough. I've been a fan since they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Are you a fan?
Do you know anything about Teddy Bridgewater ?
Are you looking for something in the same genre or something in the same genre?
It was originally published in 1850 and is considered a classic.
Another good book is A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read that one?
It's a story of a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
It's a great book. It's a class class in the English language.
Happy to help!
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read those?
Sure, she wrote The Siren. Have you read that one?
The Siren is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2012. The genre is speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
Sure! Did you like Mission Impossible: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it is a Action Adventure movie?
Yes, it is a action packed movie. Do you like that genre?
Drama and Romance is more of a war movie.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like books by George Orwell?
Animal Farm has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago
Sure, he wrote the book Ralph Steadman. Are you a fan?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this?
Well, if you like books written by him, I would recommend Xenocide or Wuthering Heights.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
The Hobbit was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradley Cooper starred in The Memoirs of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Woods is a comedy/drama film starring Bradley Cooper. Are you interested in this genre?
The genre is Thriller/Crime Fiction and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Do you like books written by J. R. R. Tolkien?
Think and Back Again has a genre of Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Sure! Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, The Raven and more. Do you want to know more about these?
The book Raven was released in 1987. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome.
I know that he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder on Spain's national team.
FC Barcelona is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about that.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like Aladdin because it is a family film?
Sure. Do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
He directed The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
It also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Ralph Fiennes. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he did. Do you like dramas? He also directed The End of the Affair.
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino has directed such well-known films as Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes he was. Do you like Rob Zombie music? He also starred in Zookeeper.
I'm not sure. But Grindhouse was written by Eli Roth. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
Downfall is a war film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Downfall is starring Meinhof Complex. Baader Meinhof Complex stars Seth Rogen and Mark Wahlberg.
It is a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Your welcome.
I haven't heard much of his music, but I heard he is a good singer
Nicki Minaj is a celebrity friend to Tyga
I haven't heard that one. I've heard it. I've been listening to it.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Box
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome.
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Sedaris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Okay, if you like comedy, I would recommend X-Men 2 or X-Men 2 if you haven't seen them.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Women in Love and many more. Are you interested in any of those?
Youth in Revolt has a genre Adventure and Action Film
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! Have a great day!
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, do you like Blood Diamond because it is a drama?
Djimon Hounsou is starring in Undisputed.
The Lord of War was released in 2003.
Sure! She starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Wonderland, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
RoboCop 3 also stars Seth Rogen and Danny McBride. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in Zombieland
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
She's been in a number of movies. She's been in The Devil's Advocate, The Giver, and The Proposal. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she was. Are you a fan of hers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was released in 2001
There are many great movies, including Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, The Chronicles of Narnia, and Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It's a great one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance Films?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy are both action movies. Have you seen them?
Sure! Hayao Miyazaki directed The Station Agent. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is considered an action adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, it's a fantasy, but I don't know much about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants and The Return of the Native
There Will Be Blood stars Will Be Blood is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Are you interested in fiction?
Sure, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins, have you read Girl on the Train?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, a couple of my favorites are Xenocide, Xenocide and Xenocide
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, it's a fantasy novel. It's part of a series. The next in the series is Into the Wild.
You got it. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it is. I'll add Violets Are Blue to your library.
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also written by Vladimir Naokov
Yes, Nabokov wrote that one
It is speculative fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, the book Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden.
Yes he has written Memoirs of a Geisha
Your welcome
Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven. Are you a fan?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin. She's a great actress.
That's true. I've never seen that one. Is it a comedy?
It was written by Dr. Seuss.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about that?
That's correct. Would you like to know more about The Cat in the Hat?
I can tell you that it is an action adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
Yes, and Emma Stone also starred in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance Films?
Chris Hemsworth starred in Cheaper by the Dozen.
It was released in 2003 if you like Steve Martin?
Yes, it is a family with 12 kids. Do you like family movies?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
Sure, it stars Christian Bale and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I don't know much about Paul Winfield, but I know he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Will do! I hope you enjoy it!
Natascha McElhone is an actress. She starred in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre.
The Truman Show was released in 1999. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is considered Speculative fiction
Me too! Maurice Sendak wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Great! If you enjoy family shows, you may want to check out The Time Machine or The Longest Yard.
You're welcome!
Sure, it's overrated!
He has directed lots of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a few of those.
Inland Empire is a psychological thriller.
Idiocracy stars Robert Downey Jr. and Emma Thompson. Do you like science fiction movies?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on the movie.
Will do! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like historical fiction?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that it was written by Philip Seymour Hoffman
Your welcome
Sure! Ellen Burstyn starred in such films as The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Serena is very talented and has won many awards including the 2010 PGA Championship.
Yes, Garfinkel is also in the team.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. It is a drama.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great singer, but I don't know much about her. What do you think?
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Pop Video?
That's awesome! I know she's married to Tammy Blanchard. She's awesome!
Peter Gallagher has starred in many movies. Would you like to know some of them?
Yes, Sandra Bullock starred in While You Were Sleeping. Have you seen it?
Sure. He also starred in The O.C. and The Wedding Date. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a Speculative fiction
You are welcome
Yes, he plays soccer for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not familiar with James Rodriguez. Are you a football fan?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
She is a great tennis player, but I don't follow tennis much. Do you like her?
You're correct! Brett Ratner is an actor too. He starred in a lot of movies.
I'm not sure about Michelle Pfeiffer, but she did star in a thriller called Serena.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls, and is considered a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
It was written by Greg Mortenson. Do you know him?
No, I haven't. Are you a fan of Alice Sebold?
Yes, it is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Sure. The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another good fiction novel.
Yes, it was written by Jack London.
You're welcome.
I think she is a good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I think Shoaib Malik plays Tennis too. He is a decent player.
I'm not sure about that. Is she a good athlete?
Yes. Usain Bolt was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen the X-Men series?
The Golden Compass stars Philip Seymour Hoffman and Bill Paxton. Are you looking for any particular actor?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. Do you like J.K. Simmons?
Yes Wade Williams is a good actor
Yes, he was also in Elizabethtown, have you seen that?
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a Speculative fiction.
Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
He directed a lot of action movies. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, John Sayles wrote The Spiderwick Chronicles. Would you like to know more about The Chronicles?
The genre is Thriller/Drama. Do you like those genres?
I think he is a great golfer. Do you like Phil Mickelson?
That's interesting. Didn't he win the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Entourage is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote. Have you read those?
Yes! Mickey Rooney starred in The Wedding Date. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
I can't think of similar movies, but if you've seen the movie, I'd highly recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's considered non-fiction.
That's interesting. Did you know that Spencer Johnson wrote The One Minute Manager?
Sure! Sam Taylor-Johnson wrote Nowhere to Run. Have you seen it?
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey. Nowhere Boy has genre Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Nowhere Boy has a genre Thriller, Sci-Fi, and Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Fear and Loating in Las Vegas is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He did. Hell's Angels is an action film. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta is considered a thriller. If you like thrillers, I think you might enjoy V for Vendetta.
Yes, she wrote The Virgin Blue and The Last Runaway. Have you read either of those?
The Last Runaway is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it was made into a movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Darabont wrote Darabont. Are you a fan of his work?
It is a classic. Do you like Chris Owen? He wrote The Mist.
I have not seen National Lampoon's The Mist. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Annie Hall? It is a great romantic comedy.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, have you read them?
The Bourne Legacy has starred Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
Romance Genre
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
have you seen the X-Men movies?
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends has genre poetry. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote A Light in the Attic. Have you read it?
The Giving Tree is written by Shel Silverstein, and the Missing Piece is an Indie film.
You're welcome.
Luke Bryan sings country music. Do you like country music?
I've heard some of her songs, but I don't know any. Is there a specific genre you like?
Yes, Eyes open and Love Story is one of my favorites.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, have you read it?
Yes, Seabiscuit was released in 2010. It's an action/adventure novel.
Great, enjoy!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Park.
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Liam Neeson, and Rupert Graves.
Yes, The Doors is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
The Name of the Wind has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, Divergent is considered Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
He is also an athlete and plays soccer
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Mike Zimmer.
Not really, but I've been a fan since they were runner ups in Super Bowl VIII.
That's true. Didn't the 49ers win Super Bowl XXII?
Sure! Do you like the genre or the actors?
Anna Kendrick also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
The Last Five Years is a TV drama. Do you like thrillers?
Pitch Perfect is a drama. Do you like drama movies?
Pitch Perfect is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
E.H. Gormbrich wrote The HOund of the Basterds.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Are you a fan?
I am not a fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, he is a cricket player. I don't know much about cricket. Do you like it?
Sure! He wrote Utterly Cold Blooded and Utterly Cold Blooded. Have you read those?
The Uglies Trilogy is a non-fiction book released in 1987
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
Is he a midfielder on the Spain national football team?
He did! He's a great coach. I wonder if he's in a relationship with Tiger Woods.
I didn't know that. Isn't Louis van Gaal a midfielder as well?
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The System of the World. Are you interested in fiction?
He's also a writer and a cartoonist. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.B. White. Do you like the genre or the author?
If you are looking for something in the same genre, I would recommend The Fifty Shades Freed.
Bared to You is also written by E.L. James.
It was released in the year 2013
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It's considered a Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Women of Brewster Place. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Isn't he the one who starred in Robinson?
It was written by Terry Pratchett
Yes he did. Do you like action movies?
Sure. He's a great writer. He wrote The Assassin's Blade
Great. Glad I could help
Sure, he wrote Seven Psychopaths and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2008.
It's a Non-Fiction/Action/Adventure novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, but I do know their coach is Mike Shanahan.
That's right. Did you know that he coached the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, he's still playing for the Oakland Raiders. Do you like him?
Sure, do you like the genre or would you like more books written by Steven Spielberg?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel. Do you like those types of books?
Snow Crash was written by David Ayer.
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller. Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder.
Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal star in the movie.
I recommend X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Never Let Me Go. Have you read it?
It was released in 2009. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
He directed Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen any of these?
No, Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island, have you seen it?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Matthew Modine?
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears. Are you a fan of the Bears?
I think they were doing better than the Bears and the Cowboys.
The Bears were runner up for Super Bowl XXXXII, too. They're not as good as the Patriots.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Identity. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but John Henry starred in it as well. Are you a fan of his?
It was written by John HAlton. It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! It stars Ellen Burstyn, Josh Brolin, and Rupert Grint. It's a great movie.
Yes, John Henry Butterworth is a screenwriter. He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Are you a fan?
She's married to Gabrielle Union in Chicago. She's a tennis player.
No, it was written by Steve Harvey, who also wrote Think Like A Man.
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy Sci-Fi movies. Are you a fan?
It's a sci-fi movie. Gary Oldman also starred in Zombieland.
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland or Zombieland.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah. Do you like them?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
I would suggest The Looking Glass Wars, it is a fantasy.
Yes! Eva Green is the lead role in that movie. It was released in 2014.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you she is also a writer.
You too!
I am a huge fan of the San Diego Chargers. Are you a Dodger fan?
Magic Johnson is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
That's interesting. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The book was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the book?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Z for Zachariah is a great one. Have you read Z for Zachariah?
The Sword of Shannara is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any information on other movies she wrote, but there's The Sword of Shannara.
I know a little about Paul Pogba. Is he a soccer player?
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you follow soccer?
No, I'm not a fan of Alabama but I haven't heard much about the Alabama game.
Haha. I've never been to American Football much more lately.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Into the Wild and Into Thin Air
The Grapes of Wrath is written by John Steinbeck. what else can i answer for you?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
Have you read The Grapes of Wrath? It's a great read.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Anne Tyler is also a scientist.
The book was written by Anne Tyler. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh. Do you like thrillers?
Seven Psychopaths is starring Tom Waits. Do you like Tom Waits?
Helena Mattsson also starred in Seven Psychopaths. Do you like her?
You're welcome!
Sure! That's a great movie. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it's a comedy?
Sure! Holly Hunter starred in Thirteen as well as Holly Hunter. Would you like to know more?
Sure! She also starred in Thirteen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and has a genre Science. Do you like science fiction?
The book The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells.
It's an adventure novel. Do you like adventure novels?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he wrote The Longest Yard
Are you looking for other books written by Fredrik Backman?
2012 was a great year for writers. 2012 was a great year for writers.
Sure! Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Okay. Do you want to stay with the same genre or you want to stay with the same genre?
If you are looking for something in the same genre, then you might want to check out Zombieland or Zombieland
Interstellar stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He directed the comedy American Pie. Have you seen it?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you know him?
She also starred in The Golden Compass. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't follow tennis much. Do you like tennis?
I haven't. But, I've never been to a match.
I've never played it but it seems to be very entertaining.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry has a genre of Drama and Comedy. Do you like these genres?
Sure! Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of Adventure and Action. Do you like those genres?
Logan stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
Will do! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote the movie Monsters Inc. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed a few movies. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
I like dramas, too. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather also has genre Historical period drama
The Godfather was released in 2001.
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont. Do you like books written by Stephen King?
Stephen King also wrote The Shining, have you read that one?
There is. The Dead Zone is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure! Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train and The Book of Life. Have you read those?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand are similar books.
I Am Legend stars Will Smith and Emma Thompson.
I am not sure about Emma Thompson, but Will Smith was also in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that?
He was also in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one?
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that movie?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a Adventure movie. If you like Adventure movies, you should check out True Blood if you like Adventure movies.
Yes, I like his song We Found Love. Do you know that?
I like Taylor Swift though, he is a talented singer. I like his music a lot.
I like Elton John, he is a great performer. I like his music a lot. Do you know what he does?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written by Harper Lee
Sure! Les Miserables is written by a lot of people. Would you like to know more about it?
There's a lot of great musical comedies that you might like. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! Oliver is a musical-theater movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep has a talent talent
The movie is starring Meryl Streep
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They have a lot of reasons to root for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Truman Capote. Are you interested in the movie or the movie?
I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
J.K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Do you like that genre?
He has starred in many thriller films. He has also starred in The Bourne Supremacy and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen those?
It has a lot of great actors, including Katharine McPhee, Janet Evanovich, and Ellen Burst.
Sure, Clint Eastwood starred in Public Enemies. Do you like his movies?
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
If you like his comedy, he was also in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Okay, I'll have to add it to your queue.
Bruce Willis and Scott Glenn star in The Fugitive.
It was released in 1987. Are you a fan?
If you enjoyed Return of the Jedi, you should also check out The Fugitive.
The Fugitive is a romantic comedy. I highly recommend it.
Yes he was, along with Harrison Ford. I highly recommend it!
You're welcome!
Yes. J. M. Barrie wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that?
Peter Pan has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction, fantasy, and fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he plays for the France national football team.
He plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Thriller movies?
He's also in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen that one, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau is an actor who starred in such films as The Power of Habit.
Yes that is correct and Jonathan Silverman also starred in Tripwire.
I haven't seen that one but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation!
Yes it did. Kevin Nealon also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes he did. I highly recommend The Gazebo if you like crime dramas.
The Gazebo is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and produced and directed by Steve Buscemi. Do you like animated films?
Sure, Family Guy is a Comedy/drama movie written and directed by Steve Buscemi
Yes, Seth MacFarlane has written a lot of animated movies. One of my favorites is X-Men Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Skyfall is starring Scarlett Johansson and Mike White. Do you like war films?
He was also in The Man in the Iron Mask and The Hunt for Red October.
I'm not sure who produced it but Naomie Harris did star in The Solace.
It's a thriller. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would recommend Adventure.
You're welcome!
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Dead to the World? It's a great read.
Sure! He also wrote Dead to the World. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell is a director. He directed The Scorpion King. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Paper Towns because it is written by John Green?
That's a great book. Did you know he was also a teacher?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2011. It's also a documentary film.
Max Brooks is a writer, director and director. He wrote Max Brooks: The World's End.
It was released in 2004. Do you like books about zombies?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many others. Have you seen any of those?
Great. If you like X-Men movies, you should check out Zombieland.
Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, he wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endearz and he also wrote Orlando Bloom.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action Adventure movie?
Well, if you like Tom Cruise, you might like The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Happy to help!
I hope you enjoy it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he was also a model?
Yes he wrote that and he also wrote The Social Network
I haven't seen it but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Steve Buscemi. Do you like thrillers?
If you like sci-fi films, I recommend True Lies. It's also a spy film.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he plays for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, it is coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Lana Wachowski and released in 1988. She also wrote The Alchemist.
O Alquimista was written by Lana Wachowski and released in 1988.
Yes, Onze minutos was released in 1891. It is a satire.
He starred in Unstoppable and The Messenger. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
I know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York. Are you a fan?
I like to watch Basketball. What about you?
The Redskins is a great team! Who is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a film. It was released in 1982.
The Last Samurai is starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did. Do you like action movies?
He was also in The Shining. Have you seen that one?
Andy Garcia was also in The Women of Brewster Place and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I haven't, but I haven't seen it, I've been meaning to see it, but I've seen Ned Beatty in a couple of years.
Yes, that's a great movie. Did you know Jerry Maguire starred in Jerry Maguire?
I've been a fan since I've seen the TV sitcom.
He directed Battleship. Have you seen it?
It's a action adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2014. Are you interested in hearing about other books written by R.J. Palacio?
Yes, that is correct
I am not sure, but Jeff VanderMeer also wrote Wonder Woman.
No problem, enjoy!
Bill Murray has starred in many movies. One of them is Gone with the Wind. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but he did star in Wild Things.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read any of these?
It is considered a Romance novel.
It was written in 1926.
Have you heard of Wildwood Dancing? It is a young adult genre.
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Persuasion is a romance novel similar to Persuasion.
If you like romance novels, you might also enjoy Sense and Sensibility.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Judd Hirsch because it is a Thriller?
Tower Heist is an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like crime fiction, I would also recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
She wrote оскресение and also оскресение.
Yes, Russian is a English language language. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like Orlando Bloom? He starred in Troy.
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards. Are you a fan?
Kim Edwards has also written The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Have you read those?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Snow Crash is a Speculative fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Chris Evans has been in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Perfect Score. Have you seen those?
Chris Evans also starred in What's Your Number. It is a comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you Tika Sumpter was in What's Your Number.
You're welcome
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the genre or the author?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I know a little, he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is a Swiss tennis player. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
He competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Running with Scissors because it is a Speculative fiction or science fiction?
A Wolf at the Table has a genre of Suspense, Comedy, and Adventure. It was released in 1979.
Yes, You Better Not Cry is a sequel.
You're welcome!
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The fates of Human Societies was written by Jared Diamond. Would you like to know other books written by this author?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like those types of books?
It was written by Philip Kaufman.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take. Have you read it?
He also starred in The Sneetches and The Sneetches and many more.
Yes he did. If you're looking for more of his movies, I'd recommend The Scream series.
You're welcome!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire Academy, have you read that?
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It is also a Fantasy novel.
Yes, it was released in 1999. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, do you like The Graveyard Book because it's fantasy?
The Golden Compass is a great children's literature that you may enjoy.
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote The System of the World. Would you like to know more about that?
'The Giver' is a Speculative fiction.
It was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen that one?
Moon starred Shia LaBeouf, Helena Bonham Carter, and Liam Neeson.
It's considered an action/adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
I am not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Zygi Wilf.
They have been to the Super Bowl XXXVIII since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I wish the Cowboys would have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year.
No, I haven't. I am a huge fan of Pete Carroll.
The Last Crusade was written by George Lucas, who also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
John Savage was the director
I don't have any information on other movies he directed, but I can suggest some other Indiana Jones movies.
The Bourne Legacy is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Jeremy Renner also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Sure! Do you like Fantasy or Adventure films?
Yes, J.R.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Snow White and the Huntsman is a drama/mystery movie. Do you like that genre?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. as Grimm's Fairy Tales. Do you like his movies?
He's been in quite a few movies. Have you seen Snow White? He was in that as well.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like that author?
I haven't, but Rick Riordan also wrote The Lightning Thief, The Titan's Curse, and The Son of Sobek.
Percy Jackson series is considered Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Harsh Times, have you seen that movie?
Sure! She also wrote Water for Elephants which is a Historical period drama.
The movie is starring Matt Damon. Do you like romance movies?
Inception is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is written by Ernest Hemingway?
He also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool
Deadpool has genre Adventure
He is a great Athlete. Did you know he is also an actor?
Oh, I've heard it's a good name. I've never heard much about it.
Oh wow, I didn't know he was a producer?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is a young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is written by Margaret Atwood, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Great! Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever Works. Have you seen those?
Whatever It Takes is a Romantic Comedy - if you haven't seen Whatever It Takes, it is considered a classic!
I'm not sure of the release date.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she wrote The Joy Luck Club. Have you read that book?
The Hundred Secret Senses is considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Wuthering Heights? It's a great book.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
It's a great movie. Robert Duvall and Harrison Ford are great in it.
It's a great movie. Did you know Robert Duvall starred in it?
Farrah Fawcett has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mark Waters was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that Tod Follett starred in it.
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
She wrote White Oleander and Paint it Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander is a Speculative fiction novel and was released in 2011.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Akira Kurosawa was a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
If you like adventure movies, I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
It has been a long time since I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a science fiction film?
Sure, I will send it to you now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Kloves.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was released in 1862, have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 1862.
Looks like he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Shane is an actress who starred in the movie The Mechanic
Happy to help!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Vanishing Acts and The Book of Life. Have you read those?
The Golden Compass is a fantasy book you may enjoy.
Happy to help!
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, have you read that one?
Yes he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1853.
That's correct! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Enjoy them!
I know that he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a huge fan
I like to watch basketball. I've been a fan since the last season.
I haven't. I've been to a fan since they were runner-up for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I haven't seen it but I know it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
He's directed quite a few. He's been in a few movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things, including Transformers, Transformers, Transformers and Transformers.
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth is considered an action/adventure film. If you've seen that one, I'd highly recommend it.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in science fiction?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We Are Living
It was released in 1957 and Ayn Rand wrote We the Living
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It is also Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Mark Osbourne starred in a lot of movies. Do you like animation films?
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in that as well. If you haven't seen that one, I highly recommend it!
If you like Adventure films, he's a great actor. He's a great actor.
Great! I think you'll enjoy them!
1st to Die was written by James Patterson and was released in 2001. Do you like the author James Patterson?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote Water for Elephants which is a Historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great book. If you haven't read it I highly recommend it.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan but I do know they are owned by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure where the team is located. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've never heard of it. Is it a basketball movie or something?
I'm more a fan of Dallas Cowboys. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. How about you?
I don't really know anything about him. Is he a cricket player?
Yes. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
That's interesting. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Tragicomedy. Do you like Tragicomedy?
The book The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1856.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Veronica Roth. Do you like her movies?
It starred a lot of people including Katharine McPhee, Holly Hunter and Liam Aiken to name a few.
It was released in 1996. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult films. The Giver is also in the Hunger Games genre.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay. Do you like her books?
Yes, she did. Boomerang is also written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Tatiana de Rosnay is also a scientist and a scientist.
You're welcome!
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was from the United States of America. She is also a musician.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the book!
I haven't heard any of them, but I haven't heard any of them. Do you like them?
Yes, he did play the guitar. He also plays the guitar. Do you like his music?
Yes, it's a great show as well. Do you know if I'm going to listen to it?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Are you a fan of Christina Baker Kline?
Orphan Train is a fantasy novel. Orphan Train is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Are you looking for more books written by Christina Baker Kline?
You're welcome.
Sure. Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
It's starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like his movies?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
If you like Adventure and Sci fi movies you'll like Zombieland. Have you seen those?
Yes, CCH Pounder wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you read it?
Yes Kevin Zegers also stared in that movie as well.
Did you know that Kevin Zegers starred in the movie? He's a great actor.
Yes, Zodiac is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Russel Wilson, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Zoolander?
Yes, he plays for the Seahawks.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Station Agent. Have you seen it?
It stars a lot of great actors. It's a classic, a couple of my favorites. It's a classic!
It's an action/adventure/action film that was released in 2013. It has a lot of similarities in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like Matt Damon because of his movies?
If you like mystery, I would suggest The Last Hero or The Unsolved Tales of Narnia.
Great! Do you want to know more about the movie?
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! Do you want to know more about Kevin?
I am a huge fan of Drew Brees. He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Are you a fan?
He played for the Saints in the Super Bowl XXXI.
I'm hoping they do a good game!
Sure! Bruce Willis has been in so many great movies. Is there a certain genre you are looking for?
Have you seen The Hobbit? It's a classic.
Daniel Radcliffe is also in it. Do you like him?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is an action movie. Do you like that genre?
Will do!
You're welcome!
Do you like Gran Torino because it is starring Clint Eastwood or Dreama Walker?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict. Do you like his movies?
Nicole Kidman starred in the movie.
You're welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
It was released in 2004. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Have you seen the other Disney films? It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure. But Molly Shannon starred in The Santa Clause. Are you familiar with her?
Sure, Ender's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like the genre or the author?
Orson Scott Card is a scientist. He wrote Xenocide. Have you read that?
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It is a great one.
Great! Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, David O. Russell directed Red Dragon. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did star in it. Do you like his movies?
No problem.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He has also been in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
No, I do not have that information
your welcome
I like Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like Christmas movies?
Do you like Mickey's Christmas Carol because it is a comedy?
The Black Cat is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie
Yes they weredrafted to the New England Patriots. Are you a fan?
John Madden was drafted with the Tennessee Titans.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Watership Down was written by Richard Condon. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is considered Speculative fiction.
The Two Towers is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like children's literature?
I am not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Bud Adams.
They played the Titans in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
I would consider it to be a sports drama. The team lost to the New England Patriots.
Sure, he wrote Troy,It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Troy is a great historical fiction film. Is there a particular genre you are looking for? Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
Will do. Hope you enjoy it.
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron, Zombieland, and Johnny Depp. Do you know any of them?
If you like Charlize Theron, I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a comedy/drama movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun.
I'm not sure, but Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in it as well. Do you like his acting?
A Walk to Remember is a Romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance novels?
The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in any of his books?
No, The Last Song is written for teens. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think he is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Wildcats is a great movie. Do you like football movies?
I agree. Couples Retreat was a great family movie. I loved him in Couples Retreat.
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Volcano is a sci-fi movie. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie The Time Machine and the Avengers. Have you seen those?
Yes he was also in Dante's Peak.
You're welcome
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
William Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Have you seen Go-Girl? It is a thriller.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Christmas Blessing, Star Trek: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, and many others.
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing starred in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home is starring Walter Koeing. Walter Koeing starred in The Voyage Home.
You're welcome
OK, have a great day!
The Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Golden Compass is a good thriller movie if you like thrillers.
You're welcome.
I know that Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain National Team.
Do you know anything about American Football? I don't know much about it.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal. Is he a tennis player?
I like their coach, Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
I am not sure about that but I do know that Jason Kidd is also a coach
Yes, he did
Yes, it is a thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige starred Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, I have not seen Wild at Heart. Do you like adventure movies?
Calvin Harris is an American singer, songwriter, singer, and songwriter. He is also a model.
Rita Ora is a singer/songwriter. Do you know any of her songs?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit series. Are you a fan?
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit. Would you like to know more about that?
Great. Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem, enjoy!
Great! Have a great day.
I know he plays basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he's a good player. I don't follow basketball much. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a good player. Do you know any other player?
It was written by George Lucas, who also directed Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Yes, he starred in Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull
The Legend of Zorro is a different movie
your welcome
Yes, it is written by Stephanie Meyer and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read those?
Great, I think you'll enjoy them.
Sure, The Maze Runner is written by James Dashner. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Young adult fiction is The Scorch Trials. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal has starred in many movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, Do you like the movie because of its genre or its genre?
Yes, End of Watch is a drama and crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Will Gluck starred in Friends with Benefits and Tinker Bell.
Annie is starring Rory Kinnear, Emma Thompson and Liam Neeson
He also starred in the movie The Muppets
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his books?
Yes, he was a writer and Message in a Bottle was released in 2000.
The Notebook was Message in a Bottle was released in the same year.
It was Nicholas Sparks, the author of the book The Message in the Botte.
He also wrote "The Message in the Water" which is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes! It's a great movie. It's written by Stephanie Meyer and stars Nicole Kidman. Do you like her movies?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like the genre or the author?
Are you referring to Chris Bigsby who wrote The Crucible?
Yes. The Crucible is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
He also wrote The Crucible, The Time Machine, and The Time Machine.
Yes. It was also a play released in 1947.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They are not a Super Bowl XXXXII. Are you a fan?
They've been runner-up for Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Lolita was written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko. Do you like romantic comedies?
It was released in 1977 and is considered a thriller.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
No, I haven't. What is your favorite song?
I don't have that information, but Justin Timberlake also starred together in The Social Network.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it also starred Drew Barrymore?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two?
The Silkworm was written by J.K. Rowling and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
Sure, it's an autobiography that was made into a movie.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling.
The Casual Vacancy was also written by J.K. Rowling.
It's in the English language. Would you like to know anything else about The Silkworm?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't have that information, but I can add the book in English to your list.
Glad I could help.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
Is James Harden a good player?
No I haven't. I've been to a couple of times.
I've always been on American TV. I'll have to check it out.
I've been to a couple of times since they were drafted.
Inception starring Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, and Christopher Nolan
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Prestige.
It was released in the year 2015 and is a drama/mystery. Do you like those genres?
Will do, enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an actor. He starred in This Is Spinal Tap.
He has been in lots of movies including the Harry Met Sally movies, as well as many others. Would you like to know more?
He has produced many movies. A couple of my favorites are X-Men, X-Men, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Your welcome.
Sure! Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Have you read that one?
They are fiction. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I agree! I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
It was a great movie. It also starred Selena Gomez. Do you like her movies?
It's a drama. I think Vanessa Hudgens was in it too. She's a great singer.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is an action movie?
They were runner ups to the World Series in 2009.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
The Red Sox won the World Series XXXVIII. Are you a fan?
I think he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him. Is he a celebrity or athlete?
That's interesting. Didn't Phil Mickelson win the 2007 PGA Championship?
Sure! Hurt Locker stars in The Hurt Locker. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure! It is a horror film directed by Luc Besson. Do you like horror films?
Sure, will do!
The Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
They moved to Arizona from New York City.
I do like college games. What about you?
I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
I didn't know he was from Manchester but I've never heard of him. Is he a soccer player?
I like to watch the World Cup but I'm not a big fan of soccer
It was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Have you read I don't know any other books written by Debora Smith?
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by Steve Oedekerk. Would you like more books written by him?
Yes, it is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by James Patterson, who also wrote Zoe's Tale.
You're welcome!
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and Ian McEwan. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a Romance Film. Have you seen it?
The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate would be considered tragedy.
Yes, he wrote Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Ok, if you like horror films, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men 2 or World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars.
Sure, Robert Downey Jr., and Ryan Gosling starred in it. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it's a Speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
Great, I can add it to your list of books to read. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I didn't know that, I know she plays Badminton. Is that the sport you enjoy?
That's true. Did you know that she starred in The Olympics?
Yes, Hamlet is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
If you liked Romeo and Juliet, I would suggest The Tempest.
I am not sure, but Kylie Scott also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility is written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great singer, but I don't really follow his music. Do you?
Anna Kournikova is also a musician. Do you like her?
If you like dance pop, I would suggest The Muppets or The Muppets. Have you seen those?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is considered a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was also in The Aviator. Have you seen that one?
Ok. I'll send it to you now.
He directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is also in it. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Historian is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Historian is a dystopian drama
Yes, I will send it to you now
He is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
do you know anything about golf?
not sure. but Venus has been ranked world No. 1 in singles on separate occasions.
Football is my favorite. what about you?
i will have to go to a live game sometime.
he is a quarterback for the Packers.
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Zack Snyder.
The Georgia Dome is a midfielder and defender.
How are the Patriots doing this season?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you read that one?
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Un di Velt Hot Geshvign? It's written by Marion Wiesel.
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
Vulgar is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes William Scott starred in that as well. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like their music? They are a couple of different people.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I've never heard of it. Do you know if it is touring?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really follow them, but I do know they are owned by Zygi Wilf.
Yes, that is true. Do you know any other sports besides football?
That is true. The team is playing the Redskins and the Buffalo Bills.
Oh wow! Walter Payton won that award too. He's a great actor.
Terry George has directed The Assassination of Jesse Jame and the Order of the Phoenix.
I am not sure, but Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda.
The genre is Thriller/Horror
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Tiggy Winkle was released in 2001.
I'm not sure. Beatrix has quite a few professions. The Tales of Peter Rabbit is a biography. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Vince Flynn. Do you like that author?
He has also been in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men 2?
Turbo is a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
It is considered Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
The genre for The Proposal is Science Fiction.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Are you familiar with his work?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. Anything else I can help you with?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that is a great family friendly movie, if you haven't seen the movie yet, I think you will enjoy it.
Zoe Saldana and Bill Paxton starred in Ratatouille. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, he plays basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about it, I don't know much about it. Do you know who is a big fan?
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Lakers.
I like basketball. I'm a big fan of the San Francisco 49ers.
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I haven't seen the movie Fight Club have you seen it?
I love her music. Did you know she is also an actor?
Did you know Kelly Clarkson starred in a lot of movies?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I can't say I've heard of her. She has a good voice.
Heavy metal is a good example of that genre. Do you like Heavy metal?
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a comedy/drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it is a thriller or because it is an action movie?
Another good thriller is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
The Rum Diary stars Nicole Kidman, Jeff Bridges, and Liam Neeson
You're welcome!
I think Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
That's awesome. Didn't he win the 2010 PGA Championship?
No, I haven't. What sport do you like?
Serenity has starred Hugh Jackman, Helena Bonham Carter, and Emma Thompson. Do you like any of those actors?
No problem, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about Cloverfield, unfortunately. I'm not sure about it. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure who starred in Be Kind Rewind. Did you know that Aaron also starred in the movie?
Yes, Maroon 5 is a group of singers. Do you like them?
I like xXx and xXx. Do you know them?
Do you know any other songs by Maroon 5?
I am a huge fan of his music. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
Are you a fan of Diana Ross? She starred in The Wiz.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for reminding me!
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Manchester City City also plays soccer. I prefer American Football. Do you follow soccer?
Do you know anything about Mark Hughes? I've heard he's a good player
Sure! Do you like Shrek because it is a comedy?
Yes, it is a drama/mystery movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
You're welcome!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in White Oleander and The Wild Life. Do you like thrillers?
The Wild Life is starring Will Smith and Orlando Bloom. Do you like thrillers?
The Wild Life is starring Rosario Dawson. Do you like her movies?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read any of these?
Sorry, I don't have any other information.
Hush Hush has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
It was directed by Steve Oedekerk
He's done a lot in movies such as The Simpsons movie
I'm not sure who starred in it. But it's funny.
You're welcome!
Yes, Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a Thriller starring Johnny Depp.
Rango is an action adventure film released in 2012. Do you like adventure films?
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
21 Jump street is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Ride Along is starring Ryan Gosling and Michelle Pfeiffer.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure about the new blockbuster comedy movie, but I can tell you that 21 Jump Street was released in 2014.
Yes, she wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
The Tale of the Body Thief is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great children's literature.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book. It's a great book.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like the genre or the author?
The Passage was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
I know she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park has genre Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Mansfield Park is a romance novel.
I haven't read murder mystery yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express, but I haven't seen it
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but Victor Hunchback of Notre Dame is in the same genre as Victor Hugo.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome. He's a great actor. He's been in many great films.
I love his song We Rode in Trucks. Do you like country music?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. Do you like his music?
He signed with the United States of America and the United States of America
Have you seen the movie Marlon Brando?
Viva Zapata has a genre of Drama, Comedy, and Drama. Are you interested in any of these genres?
I've only seen Viva Zapata in a couple of different movies.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. He plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan. I like the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, and he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
He also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is an author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Vladimir Nabokov has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Would you like to know more?
Sure! He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure who else starred in Machine Gun Gun McCain. I do not have that information.
Yes she did, she also starred in The Notebook.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of my favorites. What do you think?
It's a romantic comedy starring Tim Brye. Do you like that genre?
Well, he was also in the movie The Transporter.
Ok. I will send it to you.
I am not sure about Gabourey Sidibe, I can add it to your movie list.
The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero films?
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a good one.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is an adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Starsky was a blockbuster and the movie was directed by David Ayer.
I hope you enjoy it.
The House of Mirth is a popular one by L.M. Montgomery. Have you read it?
The Blue Castle was released in Montgomery in Montgomery.
The Golden Compass was also released that year. Have you seen it?
Sure, Christopher Meloni starred in The Warrior's Way, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist. Have you seen any of those?
If you like Christopher Meloni, you might also enjoy The Nutty Professor. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure. But, he is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes he did. It also starred Rob Lowe.
I haven't seen any of them but Frank Darabont wrote The Mist which is a horror film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
David Guetta sang Night of Your Life, Love is Gone and Wild Ones. Have you heard those?
I do like his music. Did you know he is also a model?
I like X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and many others. Do you like X-Men?
I like him too. He's a great songwriter too.
The Interview is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Alone With Her is a psychological thriller and mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Great, if you haven't seen it I'll have to add it to your list.
you're welcome.
Did you like Knocked Up because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Knocked Up was released in 2003.
No I don't have any information about the cast but Eminem starred in Knocked Up
You're welcome!
Paul Pogba plays for the France national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes they were the runner up for that. Are you a fan?
What is your favorite American Football team?
I know that Ryan Griggs is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. He's a great player.
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, Spike Lee directed T.V. The movie was released in 1999.
Sue Monk Kidd is an American author, known for writing The Kidd. Would you like to know more?
He is influenced by Caroline Wozniacki. Do you like her work?
Yes he is from the United States.
Sure! Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical fiction?
Sure, it's a horror novel written by John Scalzi. It's considered a satire.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love her music. Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard it's a good laugh.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is a mystery novel. Do you like mysteries?
Sure! It's a great Speculative fiction. It's part of a series. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it is a Thriller or because it is starring Tom Cruise?
Skyfall is an action adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
Skyfall stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football much, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Oh, I've been meaning to watch that game. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Steelers were the runner up for Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like thrillers?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? It is also a thriller.
I have not, but Tom Hollander also stars in Unfinished Business
I haven't heard of that one. I think Tom Hollander starred in it.
I like rock. I also like the movie The Muppets. Have you seen it?
Did you know Zipper was released in 2015. I haven't seen that one yet?
Yes, it is written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Enjoy!
That's a great movie. Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in it?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Last Samurai. Do you like her movies?
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a team in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I can't think of any of them. I've been to a couple of times.
You're welcome!
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Channing Tatum starred in White House Down. Have you seen that?
It was released in 2013.
Your welcome.
Yes, that's a great book. It was written by Oz. Are you interested in other books by this author?
Yes she has a great voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, Sam & Cat was written by Terry Pratchett
Yes she is. Do you like her impersonations?
Yes, it was released in 2016
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
The Hobbit was released in 2004. Do you like that genre?
The next book in the Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
Sure! The Rock was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like Kyla Pratt?
You're correct. Do you know anything about David Moore?
Yes, James Rodriguez is a writer, director, and director. He wrote Man on Wire and Insurgent. Have you seen those?
I am not a huge fan of football but I do know that Athetico Banfield is from the Columbia national football team
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some of the movies in that genre include The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, and The Matrix Revolutions. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote and directed Red Dragon. Have you seen that one?
It stars Bill Murray and Rosario Dawson. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Groundhog Day is considered a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Chiaki Kuriyama starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1&2 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Have you seen those?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2011. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2012. I'm not showing any other actors.
I don't have any information on any other actors, but I can suggest some other films she starred in.
Sure! The Great Yokai War is played by Frank Darabont and stars Steve Buscemi.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
W.W. Denlow also wrote Ozma of Oz and The Golden Compass. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
No, I haven't heard it, but I haven't heard much of her music. Do you know when it came out?
I haven't heard that, but I haven't heard much of her music. Are you a fan?
He has also written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote's In Cold Blood. Have you read those?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like thrillers?
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Emily Bronte. Do you like her movies?
I know that he won the Bravo Awards. Are you a fan of his?
Sure! SteveJobs has starred in movies like Creepshow, X-Men Origins, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
It is a drama/mystery. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure. But, Guy Kawasaki also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
The Art of the start is a drama. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary.
The Ugly Truth Now is written by Jeff Kinney.
It was released in 2004
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that Derrick Rose is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves
He's listed as a point guard in the NBA. I don't know anything about him.
I've always been a fan! I've always been a fan!
I am not a huge fan of the New York Mets. Are you a fan of the New York Mets or the New York Mets?
Oh wow. That's a fun place to visit. Did you know that Terry Collins is from the United States?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I can't agree with you on that team, but I've heard they're doing good this year.
I'm a huge fan of him. I've been to several of his movies for a while.
Stephen Sommers directed Van Helsing starring Rory Kinnear.
The Mummy Returns is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like Fantasy movies? If so, you might also like The Mummy Returns.
Yes, it's considered a fantasy, but if you're looking for something in the same genre, I'd suggest The Fault in Our Stars or The Passenger.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen any of the Indie Films?
Another Indie film you might enjoy is The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men, or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Pound of Flesh stars Robert Pattinson and Bill Murray. Would you like to know more about it?
Great, I'll send it to you now.
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed. Have you read those?
Young adult fiction is considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Wicked Lovely has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like books in those genres?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Perhaps you would like The Sense of Sex or Mrs. Doubtfire. It's more romance than war.
You're welcome.
The Patriots are a good team, but I don't follow them much. Who is your favorite team?
I think they'll play the Patriots today. Are you a fan?
That's true. He's married to Gisele Bundchen.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in The Town.
Emma McLaughlin
Eli Craig directed the movie.
Great, enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or in the same genre?
Have you seen Transformers? It is a great sci-fi movie.
Charlie Hunnam and Charlie Hunnam. Have you seen those?
I am not sure but I can tell you that Channing Tatum also directed The Longest Yard starring David Alan Basche.
I think Katy Perry is a great singer, but I haven't heard much about her. Are you a fan?
That's true. Did you know that she starred in a couple of movies?
Yes, Russel Brand starred in Russel Brand. He's a great actor.
Yes, the Millers is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I haven't seen that one, but I've seen it. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That's awesome! Did you know that he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Yes, it was written by Anne Hathaway and stars Anne Hathaway
Sure, Merryl Streep has also starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, and The Matrix Revisited
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
X-Men: Days of Future Past has a genre of Thriller and Speculative fiction.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie, have you seen it?
The main lead in The Hunger Games is Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, it was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
Yes, Sean Penn starred in it and he also starred in it.
Yes, he was an author as well. He was also an actor as an actor.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a great children's fantasy.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Have you heard of The Golden Compass?
Sure! Ship of Magic is written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is a historical novel as well as historical fiction. Dorian is also a film that was released in 2010.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it was released in 1960.
Great, enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was released the same year as The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
The Assassin's Blade was another good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal, he also wrote The Hurt Locker. Have you seen this movie?
I agree, she's a great actress. Have a wonderful day.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Colombia National Football team.
Shakira is from Columbia. I love her!
Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is written by Quentin Tarantino?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You're welcome
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan?
Not really. I like the Broncos. I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
They're owned by Woody Harrelson. I don't follow them much.
I've been a fan since Paul Pogba played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like basketball. I'm a huge fan of American Football. How about you?
I've never heard of him. Is he a good guy?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
He has also written Non-Fiction, Xenocide, and Xenocide
Yes, 1989 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
Ok, what else can i do for you?
Sure! It's a great movie. It's a sci-fi adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Do you like Charlie and the Choocolate Factory because it is a family genre?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you seen any of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by David Mitchell. Would you like to know who wrote it?
The Man on the Moon is a great one. Milo Forman directed The Moon.
Prefontaine is a great suspense movie. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you're looking for something in the same genre, I would suggest The Fault in Our Stars or The Valley of Horses.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Vanishing Girls has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
Did you know Paul McCartney also plays the Tambourine.
Yes, he is a member of The Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that the team is coached by Doc Rivers
He was drafted to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Island was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland, X-Men movies.
It's starring Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson. Do you like Jason Bateman?
Glad to be of help
Christian Bale starred in Harsh Times. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, Physco is a great actor. Do you like thrillers?
The film was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
He is a soccer player and plays for the Barcelona F.C. team.
No I don't know much about football but I do know that he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I've been a fan since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXII.
Sure! Sean Barrett wrote Into the Wild and Into Thin Air: The Curse of the West
yes, it was in the English language.
Thank you too!
I'll have to look it up!
I don't know much about them except they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know too much about New York Knicks. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, he wrote Candide, Gone with the Wind, Gone with the Wind
It's in the English language. It's a musical theater.
I do! I highly recommend Tales of the Beedle. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Sure! How about The Awakening? It's one of my favorites.
He also wrote the children's book The Tao of Pooh. Have you read that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer.
Yes, and he is also a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Thats cool. Did you know that Will Ferrell is also from that area?
I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
He plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I've been a fan since I've seen the game. Do you like football?
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
Have you heard of The Looking Glass Wars? It's fantasy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Sure, will do! Enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
Marina is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote The Ship of Brides
I'm not sure, but El principe del cielo is also in English.
Ok, I'll have to look it up.
No problem
I don't really follow baseball, but I do know that they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon.
They did win the Super Bowl XXXXII. Are you a fan?
No. The Mets are owned by Fred Wilpon. Are you a fan?
I am not a big fan of the Tennessee Titans. Are you a fan?
I've heard Marcus Mariota plays for the Denver Nuggets. What team do you like?
I don't know much about Kanas City Chiefs. What is your favorite player?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It's a Thriller.
Yes, she wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
Sure, she wrote Xenocide, The Witch of Blackbird Pond, and The Giver.
That's a great movie. Did you know it was adapted into a movie?
Yes he is, he is also a writer as well.
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin and Thomas Hardy
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1891.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure! Jamel Debbouze starred in a few movies. He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a certain genre you'd like?
It also starred Alonzo Mourning and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I'm not sure, but Isabelle Nanty also starred in The Wildest Dream.
Yes, Valérie Lemercier starred in the English version. It's a classic!
Certainly! Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Rory Mcllroy is a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I haven't. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
I've heard Van Morrison is from Northern Ireland, but I've never heard of him. I love his music.
Sure! Do you like Tron: Legacy because it's a drama?
The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
If you enjoy Tron: Legacy, I think you'll enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
The Neon Demo is a thriller, suspense movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she sings a few of her songs. She sings a lot of different types of songs. She sings a lot of different types of genres, including Thriller, Drama, and Comedy.
Oh, I didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help with?
I like X-Men 2 and X-Men. What about you?
I'm not sure about 69 Eyes. I think it was released in 2015.
The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Fiery Cross was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's a great read.
Sure! Edward Jones also wrote The Perfect Score. It's a great read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II?
Old School is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Do you like basketball? I've seen a movie called Space Jam.
The Nightingale is written by Philip Pullman and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Have you read II Principe?
Yes he did write II Principe in Spanish.
He also wrote THe wide window
There are many. Is there anything else I can help with?
Up is written by Pete Docter and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't have any information on her. But, I can tell you she wrote Up.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
If you like Family Movies, I would suggest The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
They are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
Jhumpa Lahiri
I don't know much about Hardaway, but I do know that the team won the NBA Finals
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen Kings books?
The Gunslinger was released in 1945. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Fight Club because it is a satire or because it is a satire?
Zodiac is a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
It was directed by David Fincher
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
I'm a huge fan of the Texans. They're coached by Gary Kubiak.
Do you know anything about Randy Lerner? He's a great player.
That's interesting. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Japanese films. Have you seen those?
He wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Mitch Albom. Would you like to know more about this author?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Saulius Dagys also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces and The Three Musketeers.
You're welcome.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Predators has a genre of Science Fiction, Sci-Fi and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent is a sci-fi action film, starring Chris Hemsworth, and Michael Pena.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its genre?
The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are two good dramas
He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask.
You're welcome.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Have you seen any of those?
I will have to add it to your list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, it is starring Sex in the City. It's a comedy.
Yes, he was. It's a great movie.
William Hurt starred in Hurt's Wife. Have you seen it?
Do you like F. Murray Abraham because he's an actor?
He starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
Are you looking for sci-fi or horror recommendations?
Unbreakable stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I'm a huge fan of soccer. But, I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I'm a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Are you a Seahawks fan?
Oh nice. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I have not read Outlander but I know it is science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
If you enjoy Outlander, you might also like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
Xeneocide is another great Sci-Fi book. If you haven't read Outlander, I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about it?
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee. Do you like that author?
Then you'll like To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, it's a team based in Munich with Jürgen Klinsmann, that's what I've read.
He's a great actor. He's also an actor. He's been in many films.
Sure, One for the Money is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight
Yes, it is considered Speculative fiction
You're welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Well, she also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
This is the End is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Warren. Do you like her acting?
Yes, she starred in a television show called The Longest Yard. Have you seen it?
She has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about The Sarah Silverman Program?
Sure! Ron Howard has starred in a number of movies, including X-Men Origins, World War Z, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Well, he directed The Assassination of Jesse James, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? It was released that year.
Well, it's a remake of the time period.
Do you like Mr & Mrs. Smith because it's a Romantic Comedy?
If you like Brad Pitt, I recommend Troy. It's a great movie.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes he did. The Box is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, The Box is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Assassin and the Desert is another good one.
Tower of Dawn is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Well, if you're looking for something in the same genre, I can recommend The Assassin's Blade
Sure! Do you like thrillers or dramas?
It's a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre? It's part of a series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Go Ask Alice is a popular book by Beatrice Sparks.
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
If you like Sandra Bullock, I would also recommend The Proposal. Have you seen it?
All About Steve is a comedy and drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy
I haven't read Paper Towns, but I have heard of it. I haven't read it but I have heard of it.
Yes, John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
It's a young adult fiction book. It's classified as speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure, Outlander is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
It was released in 2009. Are you interested in fantasy books?
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing about similar books?
Yes, she wrote Landline too.
I'm not sure but they were released in 2012
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Do you like his movies?
Have you seen Wreck-It Ralph? It's one of my favorites.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Venus has been quite impressive. I think they've been to a couple of times.
I haven't seen it but I do know that Serena is also a tennis player as well.
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Vanessa Redgrave, Eddie Redmayne, and Chris Rock. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is considered a comedy/drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, if you like science fiction, you'll like Zombieland and The Passage.
Sure.Libba Bray wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read those?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Yes, The Sweet Far Thing is a series. The Sweet Far Thing is also a children's literature written by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read that?
Have you read Witch & Wizard? It's a great read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It starred Rory Kinnear and Daphne du Maurier.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard much about them since they were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
The Broncos were runner up for Super Bowl XXII.
I enjoy basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
He's a great player. He's a great quarterback.
Andrés Iniesta is an athlete on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
Frances Mayes is another player on the team. Are you a fan?
Yes, they are home stadium in Spain.
Wrinkle in Time is a young adult fiction written by Madeleine L'Engle
It is a Fantasy/Science Fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
If you like science fiction you'll like Zoe's Tale
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I haven't heard much of his music, but Bruno Mars has starred in many movies. Do you like him?
One of my favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you know that one?
No, I haven't. What is your favorite song?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel. It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
I know that he is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like football?
The Wildcats is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
That's correct. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Zulu stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
It's written by Jay Asher and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He has also written Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read those?
I haven't, but they're both young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2007. It's a great read as well.
Emma is a great book. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility is another good one. Have you read those?
It was released in 1847.
No problem, enjoy!
Isn't he the writer who wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
Sure, there are a few that Tilda Swinton has starred in such films as Treasure Planet and The Three Musketeers. Have you seen those?
Sure! The Red Violin is a great mystery movie starring Tilda Swinton, who also starred in The Shawshank Redemption which is a thriller.
Will do! Enjoy!
