Sure, are you interested in movies about war?
It was a great movie! both Thriller and Suraj Sharma are a couple of my favorite actors.
RED is the same genre as The Hitman's Bodyguard. Have you seen it?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a thriller and Sci-Fi movie. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Sure! She's known for writing The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance film
You're welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie but I can tell you that It's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly
She's been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, There's Something About Mary, and Ocean's Eleven.
No. I don't have that information. However, she also starred in The Great Gatsby and Vanessa Redgrave.
It was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i do not know. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. have you read The Moon and More?
you are welcome do you need any other suggestions?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
Yes, The Guard is considered a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure, it stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians. He is a midfielder.
For some reason, I don't know a lot about cricket. I don't know a whole lot about cricket, I don't know any.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Yes, it was written by Jeffrey DeMunn. He also directed Pushing Tin.
You're welcome!
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a point guard. Do you like him?
I don't watch much football, I prefer American Football. What is your favorite sport?
Oh yea that's very bad. I'll have to watch him play again!
I do. I'm more of a American Football fan.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films?
Yes, you are correct. I think Shaun of the Dead is starring Jamie Kennedy. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 2004.
Sure, no problem!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Why yes I like Romance and Historical Novels. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love it. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller. I do enjoy Thrillers.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. Enjoy!
Happy to assist!
I like him too, he directed many movies such as The End of the Affair and Tusk. Have you seen either of them?
It was written by Julie Kavner and is a comedy.
I don't have any information about that. However, I can tell you that Nicolas Cage starred in We Are Marshall.
Here are two good ones that you might like.
I'm not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that it is the only TV series of the same series.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy movie. Would you like a suggestion of other films he directed?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller and was released in 1996, directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Then you might like Tender Is the Night. That's a great genre.
The Surgeon was written byurgeon Surgeon, that is a piece of crime and was released in 1999.
Do you like the book because it is a romance novel?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure thing! Enjoy the books!
Enjoy!
Sure. Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer, David Koepp and Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a great film.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Road to El Dorado and it's a psychological thriller.
If you like Morgan Freeman, then you will definitely add The Maze Runner to your favorite.
Josh Hutcherson has starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these movies yet?
Yes, Josh Hutcherson did as the Hunger Games Trilogy.
I hope you enjoy it!
I am a huge fan of Madonna. She starred in Wedding Crashers with Sean Penn who also starred in Fast times at ridgemont High
I don't have any information on her new music but I do have some suggestions of remixes.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snoop Dogg, which was a great movie.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he played for Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is an athlete who plays for the Pune Warriors.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she wrote The Exorcist?
Poehler has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i do for you today?
it is starring Liam Neeson. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
Not really. I'm more of an American Football fan. What about you?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
It is also starring Kenneth Branagh. It's a great comedy.
Yes it was. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Taken 3. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure, but it stars Taken 2 and Taken 2. Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football so I'm not very familiar with them. I do know that they are having a good season.
I am not sure if it's possible.
They're correct. Aaron Rodgers was a quarterback.
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men 2 or Iron Man, they are a couple.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
The O.C. was directed by Matthew Vaughn and was released in 2011. I'm not sure of his other films.
Sure. The film was written by George Clooney as well. Do you like his work?
You're welcome.
Sure Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz who also wrote The Watchers.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but it was written by Mike Colter
The Lady in the Water is a good one. You'll like it!
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I'm not very familiar with him but I do know he has a sister named Emma Stone.
I don't know much about her, Nicki Minaj is a translator. Do you like his music?
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that they are signed by David Guetta. Do you like his music?
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels? Is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, it was. 2012 was the year that released The Wedding Date.
I like thrillers also. Shark Night is a thriller she was in.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film Knocked Up. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was written and produced by Joss Whedon, and produced by Steven Spielberg.
He did. He also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
He directed The Is 40 as well and Produced The Watch and produced That is 40.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Jon Tenney and is a comedy.
I'm not sure but he wrote Year One.
Sure, enjoy!
I know he was a composer and songwriter. I don't know a lot about him.
Yes, he is also a musician
Yes, he is great as well! The Disco is a great band!
I have heard of him he is such a great singer. Is he a good singer?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
It is a good movie. Matt Dillion was also in Zookeeper. Do you like that genre?
It is a romantic comedy. You should check it out!
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction. Is that of interest?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a good day!
Sure, Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Does that interest you?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure of the exact year
I would say drama
You are welcome
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller. Other examples would be: Heist and Die Another Day
Ok, I would recommend the movie Korean. It's a mystery/thriller as well.
It stars Ben Stiller and Jada Pinkett Smith.
She also stars in X-Men 2 and in The Proposal.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one.
He starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. He was also a writer.
Sure, he has written The Sorcerer's Apprentice, Windtalkers, and All My Sons.
I don't know much about Zsa Gabor. It's a romance novel that was released in 2002.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park was written by David Koepp. Its a sci-fi and adventure novel.
Jurassic Park III is starring Shia LaBeouf, Tom Cruise, Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller.
Yes, he did. He also directed Jurassic Park III.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I don't follow golf too closely. Do you like the sport?
Haha yeah. I love that movie, and Adam Sandler! How funny was that?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
You might also like Return of the King by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven directed Scream 4 which is starring Rory Culkin and Erik Knudsen. Have you seen it?
My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller, written by Frank Darabont.
Sure! He also starred in Ugly Betty and The Smurfs.
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
Then you might like Zombieland, which is a really good sci-fi film.
I think you'll enjoy The Relic if you want to watch it first.
Sure! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Surviving Picasso is a American nationality. He was born in Paris, France.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Surviving Picasso and the Cinderella Man.
Sure, The Little Prince is a historical period drama.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
He is a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
Stuck on You is starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
ok. It sounds like a great family movie.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis. It's a crime fiction film.
Me too! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great film written by him.
Yes, he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You will definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
Alien is a series of movies. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it? It's a series.
The Skeleton Key is an excellent sci-fi movie. It also starred Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
Bats was released in 2011 and stars Xander Berkeley and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She did, and she also starred in The Truman Show.
Will do! Enjoy them!
Yes, Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Suspense. He also wrote The Martian.
He wrote a number of movies. A couple of my favorites are The Lives of Others, and The Great Gatsby.
Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room. Have you read it?
Sure, The End is a mystery and suspense novel that was released in the year 1974
I'm not sure but I know he's a romantic comedy
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, but he has a son named Justin.
I have not, but I'll definitely check it out!
I will send you a link to you.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might like The Warrior or The Manchurian Candidate.
It stars Winona Ryder and Michael Stahl-David.
Glad I could help.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
I do. I'm not much of a football fan. Are you?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that he has a strict diet and exercise regiment.
Harry Potter and The cursed Child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which is a graphic novel too.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
Yes. Warpaint is colored.
They are part of the NFL as well.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book.
Yes, it was released in 2008, you should check it out.
If you liked that, you may also like The Truman Show. Have you read that one?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like independent music. I'm not much of a fan of music but I like the movies he sings, like The Weeknd.
I think he also plays a piano and the guitar licks, which is pretty cool.
You're welcome!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard. He was born in Boston.
I wouldn't know much about the team but I do know they won the 2008 NBA Finals.
That was a good question! Celtics won the Premier League of the Year Award.
Sure, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Unfortunately, I am not familiar with this author.
No problem! Enjoy.
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I'm sure you'll like The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I would recommend The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars. Both are great books!
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he is a player on the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
He is a Midfielder and he is a midfielder.
You are correct. He is a former world No. 1 in singles. He is also from India.
No, I haven't seen it but I heard it was a good movie. Who wrote it?
Sure! A Corn of Thorns and Roses was written by Virginia Woolf. Would you like to know more about this book?
Were you aware that she wrote a book called A Corn of Thorns, it is also a fantasy novel, the same genre is speculative fiction.
I would recommend A Corn of Thorns by Sarah J. Maas as well.
You're welcome.
James Cameron directed The Terminator, Apocalypse Now, and The Abyss.
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. Kate Winslet was also in The Aviator.
Titanic was released in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, it is considered a romance and is similar to The Time Traveler's Wife.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Do you like children's literature?
I like Venus Williams too. I think her sister Serena will be great as well!
I thought Martina Graff was a great actor. I like her sister Serena.
Yes, I also think she is the best female player in the world.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, she won the Bravo Award. Do you like golf?
Anything else I can help with?
Sure. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin, have you read that one?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes Last as well as the Handmaid's Tale.
The genre is Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
I know he is an athlete on the Uruguay national football team, but I don't know much about him.
The move Carlos is starring Martijn Lakemeier and Martha Higaredda.
This movie was released on January 15, 1994.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are written by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote a number of short stories. Is there a particular genre you like?
Yes, it was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you read it?
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. It was written by George R.R. Martin and is a thriller.
The Shadow of the Torturer and The Silence of the Lambs are two great fantasy novels.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. I'm not sure when it was published.
You're welcome!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
They are both historical and Thriller.
It stars Kate Beckinsale and Steve Buscemi.
It was released in 2002 and is also a movie.
Will do.
You're welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace
It's a novel. Do you like novels?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
Ok. Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Lady Susan. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a historical novel.
Sorry I don't have access to that information right now.
Sure The Giver is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Enjoy!
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a sc-fi film
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that that's in the same genre.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are a couple of my fantasy movies.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling has written a number of books. Her most famous would be "It's a Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Sure, it's a comedy. Mindy Kaling also starred in Wreck-It Ralph and License to Wed among others.
Yes, Everyone Hanging Out Without Me is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина.
Sure, I can help with anything else?
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read it?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
He played on the New England Patriots. He was a forward and a midfielder.
Yes, he is a top player.
No, I don't. He's a plastic surgeon. Do you like drama?
Yes, he was
I liked Juliette Binoche, who starred in The Pink Panther, which is a drama.
Enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she starred in I Heart Huckabees a comedy?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Yes, Torment was released in 2000. It's a speculative fiction novel. It's considered speculative fiction.
Sure. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. Have you already read those?
It is. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller or a romance?
If you'd like to add The Rum Diary to your watch list, I'd suggest The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
I have not, is that a soccer team? Do you like soccer?
David Platt was the current player
You're welcome, have a great day.
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Nutty Professor. Have you read any of these?
I have read A Beautiful Mind. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but it's a drama.
You're welcome! Would you like to here more about Annabel?
Sure. He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
It was written by David Silverman. It's actually more of a comedy. David Silverman also wrote The Longest Ride.
Yes, they are the same genre. He also wrote The Chipmunk Adventure.
You too!
I am a fan. He's that Cricket player from New Delhi. Do you like Cricket?
Not really. I like a lot of sports. I prefer American Football.
He's also an author. I didn't know that!
Yes that is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor with Troy Garity.
Sure, have you watch The Return of the King yet?
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you read it yet?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
It's a great series. It's similar to Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
She wrote The Nanny Diaries. I would recommend it.
I don't know any similar but she did write Citizen Girl also. Have you heard of it?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. That's a great book!
I'm not sure but he starred in a TV series called The Lord of the Rings in 2012.
I'm sorry, I don't have a TV episode.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Have you seen Grindhouse or Death Proof? They are both written by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure. He also starred in Pulp Fiction and Inglorious Basterds. Do you like his movies?
It was released in 2011 and also stars Michael G. Wilson and Rosario Dawson.
I'm always happy to assist!
I think she is a great singer and I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of those sound interesting?
Absolutely! He's a great actor. He also starred in Wicked Lovely and The Pelican Brief.
Emma Thompson was in it. It's a mystery. What else can I do for you?
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
What Planet Are You From is a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, she is one of the top tennis players of all time.
Yes, Serena has quite a chance. Would you like to know more about Serena ?
Oh, I didn't know that. That's a great sport.
I think he is from Bogotá like Radamel Falcao
I don't think so. He's a captain right now.
I don't follow American Football much. I prefer American Football.
I would. It's a great movie. It is written by John Hughes and is starring Tom Hanks.
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and the sequels are There's Something About Mary and Home Alone. Do you like comedy?
I actually don't have information, but I can tell you it was written by Lynda Obst
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I haven't heard him a whole lot but I do like his music. Is he a type of genre you like?
I have not heard of him. Is he a good actor?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's written by Tim Burton or because it's a Fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, she wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Other Wind.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Do you like Crime Fiction?
He starred in Radivoje Bukvic. It's a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, may be worth watching.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Great, another thriller you might like is Slither.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a similar one.
You might like The Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. It's a personal favorite of mine.
Rohit sharma is an athelete, and plays different types of sports
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from Nagpur.
Yes, he does. He also play for Indians.
Yes, he is in New Delhi.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
It was released in 1988 and is the first one.
Yes, he did. It's the band name of Jim Morrison.
Yes, Christopher Hampton wrote this book. Do you enjoy this book?
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Collected Poems which was released in 2008.
The genre is Fiction and Speculative Fiction.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend a thriller called Without Remorse by Anthony Minghella.
I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
It is a thriller
Matt Damon starred in it. He's a great actor
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Did you like The Help because it is a Romance or Drama?
Goodbye is a good one. Have you seen it yet?
Yes. Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men.
I know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
That's right! I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller or a mystery?
Yes, I do. The Client is written by John Grisham and has a genre of Thriller.
It is a psychological thriller, similar to The Client.
The Client was written by John Grisham, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
He is a football player. His position is forward. I don't really know him.
I don't have information on his skills
I enjoy watching college football and I also like college football
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team
Yes the Packer is a great player
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken. Are you a fan?
I don't really follow soccer, I'm more of a soccer fan.
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you referring to The Time Traveler's Wife that was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
It is a mystery novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Yes, there are similar books, such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
He wrote To The Lighthouse and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York. Have you read any of them?
It's genre is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Glad to help.
Yes, and she sang Call Me Maybe. Did you know she was a composer, I think?
Yes, that's the only information I have on her.
Oh, yea that's what interests you then I think I'll listen to it.
Sure, he directed a popular movie called The Godfather, have you seen it?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Oliver Platt. Do you like them?
Enjoy!
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance novels?
It's a novel set in the Romance genre. If you're interested in those types of books, this genre might interest you.
If you like romance novels, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It's still a romance novel that was released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels you should check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like fiction, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears.
Joseph Conrad wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
I'm not sure of the exact information. It was released in 1926.
I'm not sure of the exact year.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Running Man and The Time Traveler's Wife
Sean Penn is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1988. Would you like to read it now?
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote The House of Seven Gables, which is a great read.
No, I don't think I've seen the film.
Enjoy the reading!
Sure. That book was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
I don't have any other pieces of work by Paulo Coelho. But he was influenced by Gnomeo & Juliet.
They are listed as speculative fiction and science fiction.
He is also an author, he wrote The Importance of Being Earnest and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I don't know right now. I know he is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I like sports. I am a big fan of PGA Tour. Do you like them?
Yes, Lakers would be a great team to root for.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also translated The Alchemist. This book is in English. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will add it to your reading list.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel, and is considered a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Dream Dark. Have you read either of them?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, she also wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin and the Underworld.
Awesome, hope you enjoy!
Wonderful, Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, it is an action film. It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a thriller. Would you like to know more about this genre?
Great Expectations is a great Drama. Emma Thompson starred in it .
You are welcome have a great day.
This is the End was written by Evan Goldberg. Evan Goldberg wrote Pineapple Express. Are you interested in his work?
Yes, both of them are Psychological Thriller and Comedy.
Evan Goldberg also stars in The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you like this book because it is a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons, and The Cold Mountain.
It's a romance novel that also falls into the Speculative Fiction genre.
Will do. Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of him?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Have you seen it? It's a pretty good film.
Oh ok, that's correct. There's also a TV series called Groundhog Day.
Bruce Almighty was produced by and starred Jim Carrey. Are you a Jim Carrey fan?
It also stars Kenny Baker and Steve Carell. It's an action/adventure movie.
That's the only information I have on that. He was a star in the movie. He's a great actor!
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi film. It was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2002.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The People Speak.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Grindhouse which is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
Sure, she wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he's a great actor. He was also in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up too.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Sure no problem! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? He's a great actor.
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is also a Drama.
Sure! Do you like books written by Paula McLain or young adult fiction genre?
She also wrote Circling the Sun that is another one she wrote. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015
Great, enjoy!
Sure, she starred in The Wild Life and Love Actually. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure if she's acted, but I can tell she has starred in X-Men 2 a sci-fi film.
That's great! That is a good movie if you have time to watch Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote Air Force One, which is a great film.
OK, I'll add those to your watch list.
I do, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, that's right. The Godfather Part II, starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes, he did. The Godfather Part II is starring Robert Duvall and Richard Portnow.
Do you like Gustave Flaubert because he wrote The World According to Garp?
Are you a fan of Gustave Flaubert who wrote Opeoteia?
Yes it is! It was written by Gustave Flaubert and is considered a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help with?
I know he wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Unfortunately, I do not have any other information. However, she wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue.
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco is also a writer, she wrote When we were very Young.
Sure, The Velveteen Rabbit is a children's literature book. Other books in this genre include The Tao of Pooh and The Truth.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, have you read it ?
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
Not much. I prefer American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I've been to a few years. My favorite quarterback has to be Tom Brady. Who's your favorite player?
I think you'd like it. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero is an autobiographical novel
Yes, The Titan's Curse is also considered young adult fiction
Your welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, it was written by Dan Scanlon and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Cider House Rules. It was also turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
I believe it is similar to The Prince.
Yes, 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book written by Barbara W. Tuchman and was released in 1962.
Yeah, I think I've seen his movies, and he's fantastic! Do you like his music?
Yes, I have heard about him a lot about him. He's from Guadalajara and has played on the guitar.
I have never heard of him , I have been listening to his music but I have heard of he is a great artist, do you like his music?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
You're welcome!
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is the only one I've read that one. It's written by Rebecca Stead. It's a great book.
Sure, it's written by Rebecca Wells and is a Speculative fiction.
Sure, it was written by William Dickens and co-written by Robert De Niro. It's a great book!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I am not a big fan of her music. I like a lot of country myself, like Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift too.
I didn't know she owns a lot of music. Is he a type of genre you like?
Sure, she starred in The Princess Diaries, and Schindler's List.
It is starring Jason Marsden and Matt Damon. Do you like them?
Coming of Age is a fiction film, do you like those types of films?
Yes, The Whale Rider is a great one. I highly recommend it if you like action.
You too!
Sure, Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few. Do you like books written by him?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1971. It's a memoir that was released in 1971.
He writes a number of short stories, including 1835. He writes a lot of short stories and novels.
Sure, enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by David McCullough. Have you seen Marley & Me?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I liked Red Eye too. I think you'll enjoy it
Sure, I'm not entirely sure of the other horror movies, but I can recommend L.A. Without a Map and The Truth.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Do you like him as an actor?
Robert De Niro and Ethan Hawke were in Redbelt. Do you like them?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read this book before?
The genre is Historical Fiction, Cassandra Clare. Have you read The Lord of the Rings trilogy?
Absolutely! If you're interested in both of the City of Bones series, City of Bones and City of Ashes series.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
It's starring some of the actors including Chris Rock, Tim Robbins and Robert De Niro.
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a Table Tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that! That's pretty cool. He's a table tennis player too.
I don't really watch sports, but I remember Michael Phelps was a great swimmer!
You are very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Bobby Farrelly.
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
Matt Damon also starred in the film. If you like Matt Damon, he also starred in the movie The People Speak.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls with William Petty and The Fast and the Furious
Yes, it also starred Chris Hemsworth and Viggo Mortensen.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a German sports club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football
Its a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Yes, he did. He's a great actor.
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure, but I believe he's from South Africa.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it!
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in Million Dollar Baby
Sure! You will enjoy it.
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a romantic drama starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. Does that interest you?
Florian Florian also starred in the movie The Tourist.
It was released in 2010.
It was written by Nora Ephron and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I agree. I think they must be pretty good. Who's your favorite player?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Oh, I didn't know that! He's a legend!
Jane Eyre wrote Sense and Sensibility, a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes he wrote The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife
Among others is The Time Traveler's Wife,that is a great one.
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I like to bowling. What about you?
Yes, I believe he is from the United States
Yes, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
Sure. It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, it was written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction. Another book you might like is The Last Colony.
Yes he also directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but I know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale too.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a Forward as well.
No I don't but I've heard a lot about Soccer. I prefer American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
Yes, she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video.
Yes, she did. She also played a role in the movie called Call Me Maybe.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
Great, I'm glad I could help.
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Frances Conroy. Have you seen it?
It's a romance novel.
Yes, he starred in The Egg back in 1923. It's a very good movie.
The skulls genre is Thriller and Drama. Another great movie starring Robert Duvall is The Crazies.
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington.
It is a Crime Fiction Film that also stars Craig T. Nelson.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Winnie-the-Pooh and The Weeknd.
You're welcome
I don't really follow football, but I do know the team coach is Greg Schiano. Do you like football
I do. I'm not a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints, but I do like their coach, Jim Caldwell.
I like to watch the San Diego Chargers sometimes. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a book. Not much else I've been following.
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is popular. I think some of their music is really popular and they are very popular
Yes, I do. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
Yes they did, I'm a big fan of American football. They're doing well this year.
The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's recently, but I'm not a fan of the Patriots.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
Sure, have you read Utterly Cold Blooded or Utterly Cold Blooded?
Yes, it was. It was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes! It also stars Sean Penn. Do you like his movies?
Garfield also stars in The Time Traveler's Wife which is a great comedy.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not really a fan of the sport. I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like tennis better than most sports actually.
I had no idea. As far as I know, I wonder if it's not my favorite. Who was in it?
She was also in the HBO show Winter's Bone that was a good choice.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Emily Blunt.
Happy to help!
Sure. Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it was actually released in 1969
I do! I think it's a great movie. Who's your favorite Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I'm not sure what he was in but I do know he was also in The Good Doctor.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Waiting also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like True Grit because it is a movie, or because it is starring Matt Damon?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Man.
He was in Green Zone, which is a great action movie. He also starred in Rear Window which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater directed Boyhood.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie you might like.
Confused was released in 2010 and stars Justin Timberlake.
Great! You may also like the movie This is the End which stars Vernon Dobtcheff.
In the Drama genre, King Kong is a horror movie.
It is categorized as Speculative Fiction, Drama, and Comedy.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Jennifer Grey.
Yes paly is a sports team. Do you like the New Orleans Saints?
They're pretty good. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, the Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Green Hornet.
He is great! He also directed The Green Mile if you like him.
The Vow also stars Mindy Kaling and Jed Brophy. It is a great film!
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Sea of Monsters.
Certainly!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. I also like The Silence of the Lambs.
The Lion King was a great movie. Have you seen it?
If yourene Mecchi, you might also enjoy The Exorcist or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Hancock is starring Will Smith. Will Smith starred in that movie.
Sure, he also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and it is a drama.
Sure, here it is, enjoy!
I think he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Fabio Capello, are you a big football fan?
I'm actually not a big sports fan but i have watched a match from time to time. My favorite team is American Football.
Yes, he also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you seen it?
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Ok, and they are from South Korea, too. My favorite is Yvonne Zima. What's your favorite?
I'm not sure if they did, but I'm not sure if they were in Seoul. Is it a sci-fi?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Sean Penn and Todd Stashwick also starred in it.
Enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
I sure can! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was released in 1958.
Great! It was released in 1958.
Sure, do you like Hellboy because it is a Crime Fiction Film?
It starred Hugh Jackman, Kevin Spacey, and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he wrote The Godfather
I don't see that information. But he is from Spain.
I'm sorry, I don't know much about his films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
John Turturro also starred in Ziggy Marley. Have you seen it?
Are you referring to Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That's right! The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a romantic comedy.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are both dramas.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt is known for writing SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
Yes that is correct. Stephen J. Dubner is a great writer.
I have not, but I know Stephen J. Dubner is from New York.
Yes, Stephen J. Dubner is a great author! He wrote SuperBowl.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds, The Stand, and Romeo and Juliet. Have you read any of those ?
Yes, it is. Do you want to know more about the book?
Yes, you are correct! I hope you enjoy it!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It's a drama/mystery set in a rock genre
Yes I can. I like several of my favorite bands, would you like me to add it to your favorites?
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
It's a mystery/suspense book released in 2014 starring Ned Beatty
I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem!
I agree. I think he's from Oakland, play a great point guard.
I didn't know that! That's where he's from.
I have not, but I think I've seen a few games.
Quentin Tarantino have starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. They were both written by Tarantino
It was written by Robert Rodriguez and produced by E.B. White.
Sure. He also starred in Grindhouse with Rob Zombie. It is a Romance.
Sorry, I don't have any information about Big Fish.
Kenny Ortega also wrote, Toy Story and The Place Beyond the Pines.
Yes, he also wrote What's Up, Tiger Lily have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
Yes, Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia. Are you into Thrillers?
It actually has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Pratt and Tim Robbins.
The genre for Leonard Nimoy is Thriller, Sci-Fi and Comedy. Do you like Thrillers?
You are welcome, have a great day!
They are in the NBA. But, I'm not sure. Do you like the New England Patriots?
That is a great movie. Did you like it because it was a sci-fi or a action film?
Have you seen the X-Men series? That is a great action movie.
It is a action movie that also stars Kenny Baker and Ray Winstone.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. Do you like Voyager as well?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like me to add it to your read list?
Glad I could help.
I'm not sure, but I know she's a tennis player. I don't follow the sport either.
Not really. I am more of a tennis fan. What sport do you like?
Yes, she is definitely successful in that movie!
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard.
Both are comedy/crime and action.
Sure, he also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure! Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levin. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
She also wrote Cats and Dogs . You might like that one.
You're welcome.
Yes she is a singer and she sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I am not familiar with the song. Is it a pop music?
Yes, that was the year that released You're right about that.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a good actor. He starred in a lot of action movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen any of his movies, but I do know he was in a crime fiction film called The Truman Show.
I'm not sure. I know Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy them!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy.
Sure. You might also like The Lorax, it's a Drama/Biography.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors Added to your watch list.
Enjoy the movie!
He is the player, he is the current Disney player, and he is the captain of the Germany national team.
Water for Elephants is a Romance starring Roman Coppola. Do you like romance films?
He's great! I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in Boyhood.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Boy & Friends. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, and King's Speech.
Anytime. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, would you like to hear about books in the same genre?
Yes, she is a great author. I would recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome!
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film, starring Justin Timberlake, Chris Hemsworth and Jenna Boyd. It is a biographical film.
Tom Everett, Steve Buscemi, Jenna Boyd all starred in The Social Network.
Yes, The Things We Do For Love, The Magic of Reality have you seen any of these?
You are welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote a modern version of David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
He's written some great books. Some of my favorites include THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Tambling.
Zadie Smith is a great writer. Is there anything else I can help you with?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is starring Gary Buscemi and Chris Weitz. It's a great comedy, do you like those types of movies?
Yes she is very talented, as well as a writer and actor too!
I'm not sure of the genre, but I would recommend Escape from New York as starring Jamie Lee Curtis.
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien or the genre Fantasy?
Women in Love was written by C.S. Lewis in 2012.
He wrote In the Heat of the Night, The Silver Chair, and many more!
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Would you like to watch it now?
Tom Berenger, Christopher Nolan, Michael Gaston, Alan Ruck...
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Crack in the Sea. Have you read it yet?
Yes, it was written by Sarah Dessen and also is a part of a series.
The Maze Runner is a book similar to A Storm of Swords.
I'm not sure of the release date. He's also known for his book The Chocolate War.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire was an indie drama.
This movie was released in 2008
You're welcome.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
It is Adventure genre
The Name of the Wind, The Golden Compass
Kevin Zegers
Do you like books written by Roald Dahl or the Fantasy genre?
Yes, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I believe it is! The Last Colony and The Left Hand of Darkness are also in that genre.
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction as well as the Book Thief.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was a great book. You should check out The Ship of Brides, though.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns.
Oh, ok. Yes, that was a great year for films like The Stand and Paper Towns.
I would recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Wolf Brothers.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those ?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome!
He directed Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
The Goon is starring Ian McKellen and has a genre of Thriller , do you like that genre?
Black Hat is starring Ian McKellen and has a genre of suspense and crime
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a war novel written by Guillermo del Toro and is a paranormal romance novel. Do you like reading those types of books?
Yes, it is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for the movie.
How about X-Men 2? That's a great Fantasy film.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
It was a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael York also wrote The Vampire Chronicles which is a series and he also wrote Notes on a Scandal.
Yes, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like this. Have you read it?
I haven't but i've heard it's a very good book.
I haven't seen the TV series. But I heard The Godfather Part II is a drama.
You as well!
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn and is a biography . Do you like his books?
It was adapted into a movie starring Sean Penn who also starred in The Pledge have you seen it?
X-Men 2 and The Tree of Life are excellent too.
Me, too! He's a great tennis player. Did you know that Garth Williams starred in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, The King's Speech, and Les Miserables. Do you like the genre?
Sure, some of the actors you may know are Chris Crutch and Tony Cox. He also starred in the movie The Invisible Man.
Okay, enjoy!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Did you see her in Princess Protection Program?
I'm really only a fan of her music. I'm more of a rock fan myself. What about you?
Yes, I've been a fan since they're in the DJ DJ.
Yes, he is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Germany national team.
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner series is a book, The Scorch Trials, The Kill Order and The Maze Runner. Do you like Fiction books?
The author is Daniel von Bargen.
You're welcome!
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 1997
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was filmed in the movie.
You're welcome
I'm not sure how similar books are but I know it was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a fiction
Its a novel written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genres of Speculative Fiction, fiction, and Children's literature
I don't have information about the movie, but I can tell you it is based on the book.
She wrote a book called Dracula. Do you want to read any of those?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, there are no authors similar to her, but you may want to check out The Invisible Man.
You're welcome.
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I'm not sure, but I would recommend The Good Doctor. It is starring Orlando Bloom.
Sure. He starred in a lot of movies. He's also in The Good Doctor.
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, I was a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans, and owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Yes, he starred in Vatel. Have you seen it?
You're right! Emily Bront and Frank McCourt also star in it.
It came out in 2004.
Sure, it's a historical novel released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it was written by Emily Bronte. It's based on the true story of unrequited love
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was born in Buck?
It was released in 1926. Aside from being a writer, she also wrote The Good Earth which is also a Romance Film
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about her, but did you know she lost to Sarena Wiliams?
Sure. She has also been a former world No. 1 in singles. I am not familiar with that.
I don't have a favorite sports team but I do know that she is a former world No. 1 in singles.
Didn't he also play for the Pune Warriors in India?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It also came out in 1989. Two of my favorite books that came out that year were Wizard's First Rule and The Time Machine.
You are very welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like The Avengers because it stars Chris Evans or Scarlett Johansson?
Yes, he wrote the original X-Men movie as well.
I am not sure of the release date. However, I have not seen the film yet.
Your welcome enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another romantic comedy
Okay. Ryan Gosling starred in a romance called Crazy. Steve Carell starred in it as well as wrote it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is American. He is from Wolves of the Calla is from the United States.
The Dead Zone is a great book! The genre is Children's Literature.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that Breathing Lessons is a crime fiction film
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne, which is a romantic comedy. Would you like to watch that one?
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on those movies, but I can tell you it is considered a comedy/drama.
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling do you like her work?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2016 and she also wrote Vanilla Sky.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It was released in 2014 and in the English language.
I do. I'm not much of a football fan. I do know they are owned by Paul Allen. Do you like them?
Have you seen the Seahawks play at Shea Stadium? It's really exciting!
Yes, their stadium is very loud!
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli. It was released in 1999 and is a Young-adult fiction.
Sure. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee, to name a few.
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction as well as was written by Melissa Marr.
I think he is a very good tennis player, do you like him?
Yes, that's correct. He had a good number of titles. I think he's #1 in the WTA Tour and he's the current coach.
I agree. I think he's had a lot of losses in his career.
Sure, Mary GrandPre is a author, she wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Do you like young adult fiction?
You got it. J.K Rowlings wrote all of the Harry Potter books.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2009. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You are welcome. Enjoy it!
I think they're pretty good. They were runners up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season. They're having a good season right now.
I agree, he is a great person!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 , Superman Returns are some of his work.
X-Men 2 is a genre of suspense. Do you like that genre?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
Sure. She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction book released in 1964. It's in the Children's Literature genre.
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Trust.
Yes, Noah Emmerich starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that one?
Ok great! Have a good day!
Well, enjoy!
He directed Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard and Joel David Moore starred in 22 Jump Street.
He was, have you seen White House Down as a comedy?
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and is a drama. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Cool, I can add it to your list.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also written by Luc Besson.
You're welcome!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might like World War Z, or Wolverine, both great action movies.
It stars Mike White, Emma Stone and Derek Graf. Do you like them?
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
I recommend other books by Anita Diamant.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, in that case.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway? He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, or The Man in the High Castle, both are great Fiction novels.
It is a Romance film, similar to To Have and Have Not, also a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Jean-Marc Vallee and is a war film. Do you like war films?
Year One stars Alexis Dziena and Billie Whitelaw.
Yes he was also in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. It's a sci-fi action movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You may also like The Tuxedo and The Dead Zone.
Yes! It is also such a sci-fi movie. You should also check out The Maze Runner or The Hunger Games.
She was also in it, too.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt wrote and directed The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Micmacs is starring X-Men Apocalypse and Jude Apatow.
I do not know when he started his career. He was in Zambezia.
Don't mention it
Do you like the author Neil Gaiman? He wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
Cool, enjoy the books!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote The Sea Wolf.
He was also in the Wyrd Sisters, which is a suspense film.
Directed by Richard LaGravenese.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
I am not sure about it. It is a sci-fi film that was released in 1999.
It sure is! He was also in Poltergeist as well.
No problem!
It was written by Jojo Moyes. It's a great romance novel.
Sure. Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Tree of Life.
Yes, Alexandre Dumas wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and have you read it?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror that are similar novels.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those ?
Yes, that is a great movie by Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I have not, but I know it was written by Peter Capaldi and stars Paul Mazursky.
Randalkles is also in White Fang and is an action film. Enjoy
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you read the book or seen the movie?
You're welcome!
Sure, would you like to hear about other titles in the genre, Science Fiction?
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I do, Walking Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire, he also wrote Walking Disaster.
You are welcome!
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
Then you might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded. Both great Sci-Fi movies!
It's a great movie! He also starred in Youngblood which is a romance film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about her music. She composed Titanium. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry, I don't know about Lana Wachowski. She starred in Keanu Reeves, which is a biography. Have you seen it?
Okay, a couple of my favorites are The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those movies?
I'm not sure, but it starred Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead books?
She also wrote the book Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel. Have you read it?
It was also written by Richelle Mead, it is a Fantasy/Comedy.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did! It was also a Young-adult fiction
Did you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to The Lego Movie?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and X-Men: First Class. You may also like the movie X-Men released in 2014.
I'm not sure about films he's in but you might also like The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, I hope you enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
It is a Comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That's the only one I have read. I haven't read it yet. Is it a mystery?
Yes, The Modern Prometheus was written by Percy Byshe Shelley and was released in 1818.
Yes, they are written in English.
I know he wrote The World According to Garp. It's a Fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It's a romance novel set in the 1930's. But I don't believe it's more of a historical novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. He also wrote the book Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this book?
I know they are part of the NFC South Division. They are in the NFC South Division. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about football either but I've heard that the Dallas Cowboys are doing well this year.
I like hockey and baseball. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2. They are both written by Tom Hanks.
Yes, there are a few
I'm not sure, but it's very good!
Sure! Sending it now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him either. I'm more of a tennis fan myself.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was written by Steven D. Levitt and is a horror film.
William Sanderson also starred in The Wolverine which is a science fiction film. Have you seen it?
I would also recommend X-Men 2: The Last Stand.
The movie is starring Simon McBurney and Jamie Foxx to name a few.
He stars in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Omega Code. That is a very good movie.
He was in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street."
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama.
You're welcome.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow also starred in Law Abiding Citizen.
Good Crime Fiction is also a great film, that is written by Kurt Wimmer
Did you like the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I am not, I am not a huge fan of her music but I have heard of her song Hot n Cold.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. She's also been a model a screenwriter now.
Yeah, lady Gaga is very talented. Especially with her music.
Sure! He wrote The Constantine, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it was released in the year 1975.
Yes it is. You may be interested in Spanish as well.
She wrote the books called The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Its fiction.
Anita Diamant is a Journalist
Your welcome
Yes, The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion
Yes, there are several. My favorite is Titanic, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a good movie. If you like The Godfather, you should also try To Kill a Mockingbird
It is starring Michael Fassbender and Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
No, I have not. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Sure, have you watch Snatchers its a great historical drama
Do you want to know more about The movies?
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, which are young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
I believe it to be a romance novel
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Wicked Lovely.
I'm glad I could help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is similar to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Young Sherlock Holmes and the Looking Glass Wars are both fantasy movies.
I'm not sure who's in it but I do know it was written by Terry Pratchett and Robert Duvall
Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romance.
I hope you enjoy them!
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire, and Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by Mark Twain
No problem
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, which was released in 1943. Do you like her work?
Yes it was released in 1943
Yes it is
I'm a huge fan of the Belgium national football team but I don't really follow football.
Okay, thanks for the information.
I'm a fan of American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What is yours?
Yes, he's a director, producer and director. He starred in Zodiac a crime fiction film. Do you like him?
Yes, I have seen it. Do you like movies starring David Fincher?
Yes, David Fincher directed Zoom, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote The Princess Bride, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Lady and the Frog.
Yes, he wrote The Princess Diaries, which is a fantasy novel.
No problem!
Sure, she wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I would recommend Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel and The Lies of Locke Lamora.
You're welcome!
Andrew Garfield is one of the actors.
Yes he is. She was also in Battleship. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Rashida Jones was in that. I believe he was also in The Social Network.
You are welcome!
I know he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
I would recommend Wuthering Heights, Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. What genre do you like?
I did too. Is that the movie you want to see?
You are welcome have a good day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
Your welcome.
He wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read that one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Biography
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Philosophy. Do you like those types of books?
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Emily Bront, and Omar Sy. It's a sci-fi film.
I'm not a huge fan of Thrillers. I do enjoy Thrillers. Do you like Thrillers?
You're right. Echoes of Silence is also a great song. Is that another one of my favorite?
It was, and they had a great song too. I think I'll listen to it now.
Are you referring to A Time to Kill written by John Grisham?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil.
I'm not sure of the release date. The Cold Moon is a mystery novel written by John Grisham.
I'm not sure of the suspense genre but I think it is best known for being a writer of the same genre.
Yes it is written in English and is a book in English.
You're welcome.
Dr Seuss has many books including The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and Fox in Socks just to name a couple.
Then you might also enjoy The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
Well, if you like children's literature, you should check out The Cat in the Hat.
You're welcome.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is my favorite.
Is that the one with Maroon 5?
I don't watch any of those shows but I do like X Factors. X Factor is a comedy with Adam Levine.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes it is, similar to X-Men: First Class.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read either of those?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet, written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye and The Spirit
This movie was released in 1995.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder as well as The Giver.
You're welcome
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's correct. The Absolute Sandman was released in 1997.
He was influenced by Stephen King, Tom Waits, and Rita Wilson.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature, and there is a movie version of it as well.
I'm glad I could help!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and Christmas Blessing.
Ok, great movie.
Alright, and Scarlett Johansson also stars in the X-Men series, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine to name a couple. Do you like Thriller movies?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and The Salon.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I am not much into sports. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
I don't know much about him, I'm not a big fan of him.
I don't really follow sports, but I do know he was a businessman and Entrepreneur as well.
Sure, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle.
Sure, he also starred in The Apostle. You might also like You, Me and Duvall's Daughters.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I didn't know that. I think she's also a composer and a musician.
Wayman : Place of birth: Romeo and Juliet.
the basketball player is very popular so i hope you give it a try!
I think he is a really good artist, I really like him in movies too!
Totally. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
I agree! I'm sure it's hard to believe he's a good actor.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is a book written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I'm not sure, but Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
Sure! Do you prefer Young Adults books or Adventure?
I have read a book called The Blood of Olympus. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Well, Then you'll like The Blood of Olympus
You're welcome.
Sure. He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
He also directed There's Something About Mary and The Ladies Man. Do you like animated films?
Ok, you might also like The Children of Men or The Princess and the Frog. Both are Animation movies.
Enjoy!
Sure, she wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
It was. Wicked was also a play.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Crucible. It's a very good novel.
Robert Pattinson also starred in Braveheart. It also starred James Frain.
It was a really good film.
You're welcome
I'm not very familiar with him, but I know he wrote The Bone Collector.
It is written in English and is also a romance novel.
I didn't know it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
He also directed Chris Rock, and City of Ember.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like.
Yes, that was released in 1606.
Yes. It was written by Robert Zemeckis and directed by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I have not seen it yet. It is always a science fiction movie. Is that your favorite?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Green Mile, which is a great movie!
There is always a good choice, have you seen Gravity or Gravity?
I'll add them to your watch list.
I was released in 1996. I am not sure of his last album.
Yes, it was a popular song from the radio. I'm not sure of the number one. I'm pretty sure it was a popular one.
I'm not a fan of him, but I heard he's had a long career. I like him as well.
Not really a fan of them but I've heard very little about them for a while.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Unfortunately i do not have that information
Its a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I know he is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazil
He also played in the UFC 94. He was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm not sure, but I think she's American as well.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure thing. He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about this?
It stars John Ratzenberger and Kevin Dillon. I think you'll like them.
Enjoy!
I'm sorry I don't know any of his songs. Is there a specific genre you like?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Yes, it was released in 2004.
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1999.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Suspense movie. Do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a genre Thriller and Speculative Fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
It is a thriller. Seu Jorge also starred in it.
I don't know. He starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Sure, he wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Oh yes, you should read a class of young adult books like The Short Second Life by Asher.
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books include Xenocide, Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
It was released on February 19, 1922.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments came out in 2004.
There are several: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Falling Angels.
You are very welcome. I am happy to help.
The Historian wrote The Swan, The Last Templar and The Collector. I'm not sure of the titles but I do know it was written by Elizabeth Kostova. Do you like her work?
Fight Club is one of my favorite genres. It was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is one of my personal favorites.
I'm not sure. I haven't read Without Fail yet. It is written by Alexandre Dumas.
You're welcome.
Book Thief is young-adult fiction, are you into that genre?
Did you like it because it was written by Tate Donovan?
Yup, he did. He also starred in The Watch and directed it as well.
It's a Romance with a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might also try The Avengers.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, it is. Val Kilmer also starred in the movie The Day After Tomorrow.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Correct. Kristen Stewart played a role in that movie as well.
They also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Thin Red Line.
You're welcome!
I know Rick Riordan wrote that book. His books are based on Greek mythology. If you like that I would suggest The Son of Neptune.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to read it?
Enjoy!
I don't really follow music, but I do know that The Weeknd is a friend with Selena Gomez who also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight.
The Muppets also starred Demi Lovato's daughter and Demi Lovato's daughter.
What Happens in Vegas is a comedy also starring Ryan Reynolds and Nicky Katt.
I love her. At first I found her odd as a performer but I love her acting.
I'm not sure about Will Smith, but I know he starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, he did. Michael Ealy also starred in Valkyrie and The Pursuit of Happyness.
he wrote Terms of Endearment
Have you seen A Walk to Remember starring Todd Phillips? He's in that one.
I think you'll like We've Got Mail too.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great! Emma Watson also starred in The Green Hornet, have you seen that one?
Yes, This is the End is a Mystery as well as Thriller.
Enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that book?
Absolutely, Sylvester Stallone starred in The Karate Kid. He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
That one stars Olivia Wilde, Mike Vogel, and Mike Colter.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
They are Young-adult fiction
No No I don't have any information about this movie. Is there anything else you would like to know
There are 3 movies, but the last one is in the series.
Yes, is written by JK Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses, The Shelters of Stone, and The Valley of Horses.
The Shelters of Stone is a novel that was released in 1993.
If you like that one, you might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of action movies. He was in a Romantic Comedy called Where the Wild Things Are. Do you like that genre?
Unforgivable Blackness also stars Mike Colter and Jennifer Lawrence.
He did, alongside Nick Cassavetes and Nick Cassavetes.
You are correct. Keith Carradine also starred in the movie The Rules of Attraction.
I know he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you think?
I don't really know much about it. I'm more of a tennis fan.
I do. I'm not much of a golf fan. I prefer tennis.
What is your favorite sport?
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Michael Jordan was a great actor. I liked Space Jam. It's been a long time since I watched it.
I think Ivan Reitman produced Ghostbusters.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Have you read it?
It is speculative Fiction, Fantasy, and Adventure. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy the Will of the Empress or the Vile Village
There are so many great books to recommend. You might want to start with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby.
It was originally published in 2002. You should definitely read it!
You got it! He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby, two amazing novels.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton starred in Jurassic Park III. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton has written a book similar to Crichton.
Robin Cook is an American writer who has won several awards for his novels.
You're welcome!
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like The Incredible Burt Wonderstone or The Incredibles!
Yes he is! Jason Lee also wrote City of Bones which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
Sure, you might like The Litigators also written by the same author
I don't know too much about him but I do know he has a song called Kick-Ass.
Yes, it was.
I don't know a book by him, but he sang Yes, You've Been Warned.
It was a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books similar to Siddhartha?
It was written by Philip K. Dick, it is a young-adult fiction novel.
He's a prolific author! He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are, and The Little Mermaid.
You're welcome!
Yes, the movie was based on the book by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might also like The Return of the King.
I don't know much about him, but I'm sure if she's an author.
Sure! Do you like Adventures of Sherlock Holmes because it is a Mystery book?
Great! I have a couple of books written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Which genre do you like reading most?
It is a Mystery book. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
I'm not sure if there are any other films filmed, but The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller.
I'm not a huge fan of his music. I do know he's married to Smith. I love his lyrics. What about you?
I like her fathers music
Yes, Zooey Deschanel is my favorite!
I do. He's a great director! Do you like him? He directed the movie Three Kings.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well.
Do you like movies directed by Russell?
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, it is considered a Drama.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby wrote All My Sons, which is in the drama genre
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He has starred in The Girl Next Door, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she starred in it, like The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and in Thomas Crown Affair.
Sure, I can add it to your watch list.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He starred in Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them, which is a popular action/adventure film. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote Heretics of Dune, which has a genre Speculative fiction.
There is The Passage if you haven't read that one.
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It is a great movie! Stefan Kapicic also starred in Wolverine. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a good movie, similar to X-Men 2 and Stefan Kapicic.
Sure. That's a film starring J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Harry Potter series is a great book! Did you know there was also a movie version of it?
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It's in the English language, I'm not sure about the language. Did you know that it was released in the year 2014?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Matthew McConaughey, and Matthew McConaughey. Do you like those actors or genres?
X-Men is a great Sci-Fi movie, have you seen that one?
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen this one?
It stars Brad Pitt and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
OK, I would suggest Up in the Air, which is also a sci-fi film.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
Sure, he directed Law Abiding Citizen and Equilibrium. Are you familiar with them?
You're right! Emily Watson also starred in Predators. Have you seen that one?
She starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, you should check that out
Enjoy!
He is a scientist, but I'm not sure he starred in The Verdict
I don't know any other books by him but he is a scientist and poet.
I don't have that information right now
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Selection is a series written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Hope you enjoy it
You're very welcome
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance? You might like The Warrior's Way or The Sworn Sword.
Sure, Enjoy!
Sure, Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, he wrote Paper Towns.
Are you interested in any other books written by John Green?
Do you need any other suggestions?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He sure did. He also directed Restless along with Good Will Hunting. Have you seen it?
Yes! He stars in that film. He's a great actor. He was also in The Replacement Killers and The Lake of Dreams.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read any of those ?
I don't know a lot about him either. He's from India and was born in SantaLand Diaries. Are you a big fan of him?
oh that's a good one. I have not read that one either. It is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, he wrote Unwed, We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
I am not sure, but I know it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
Happy reading!
Yes, he is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction and Social Criticism.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome.
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I don't know them. I do like their music. They have a lot of different bands. I think I'm not sure of their name. Is there a specific band you like?
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 2000.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is in the English language.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and playwright.
He is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He's also a table tennis player.
No problem. Are there any other sports you enjoy?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English.
She was married to Franklin Delano Roosevelt. She wrote the Diary of Anne Frank.
You're welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Martin Scorsese. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a war film. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Robert De Niro?
What Just Happened is starring Robert DeNiro.
Yes, it is. Art Linson wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
You are welcome! Art Linson also wrote Wedding Night.
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Donna Reed starred in What Lies Beneath. She also starred in House Bunny.
I don't have any information on the release date.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Sometimes. Do you know who owns the team?
I do, I'm not a big fan of the Lakers. Who is their coach?
I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist with Thomas Kretschmann.
Yes that is true. Do you like movies starring Jason Statham? He's from Lily.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is considered a children's book and was released in 2011.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy!
Yes, do you like The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it is a comedy?
He also produced Independence Day, and starred in The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes it is, and Tom McCarthy also starred in that movie.
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, do you like that movie?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Sorry. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry I don't have information on the Sci-Fi aspect of Gravity. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders are doing well this year, but I think they are doing well this year. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. Do you have a favorite team?
Definitely. Do you like the San Diego Chargers?
Sure, The prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
Sure, it starred Ralph Fiennes, who also starred in The Dark Knight
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a horror film
You are welcome
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
I don't know much about it, but it is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
I don't have any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel which is similar to P.C. Cast.
Yes, it was released in 2007 and is the second book of Tempted.
You are very welcome!
Yes. It's a good book. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities is written by Richard Maxwell?
It is, similar to White Teeth.
It is a great novel. You should check it out!
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Taken. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2004. That's a great movie, too.
Yes, Sean Connery starred in Cars 2 along with Justin Timberlake.
You're welcome.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere.. she starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, you should! He's also in Virtual Light, which is a great film.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and The Jacksonville Jaguars. What is your favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. They are a part of the AFC West division.
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
I would recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is with the Warriors just like Kevin Durant
No problem
Do you like him because he wrote The Silence of the Lambs?
The Silence of the Lambs is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You should try The Silence of the Lambs, it is a thriller that also stars Anthony Heald.
Enjoy your film!
I have not watched all of the Transformers. Did you like it because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Sure, you might like World War Z. It's a thriller.
Russell is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard. He was born in Long Beach, California.
Yes, I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they did. He played a great game against the New Orleans Saints.
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
I'm not sure about that but Spells is a series
Yes it is! It was written by Maurice Sendak
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I see. I'm not much of a fan of golf either. I like to watch some golf a little. I'm more of an American Football fan though.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too.
The are a football team in the AFC East. I'm not a big fan of the Dolphins but I do know they are in the AFC East division. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. I've only really watched the Superbowl.
Not sure, but they were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1963 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I did not know she was in The Giver. Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, The Giver is a science fiction movie. It was released in 2011.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
If you like young adult fiction, i would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Utterly Cold Blooded.
Actually, I have not. I will have to add it to your watch list.
Sure, Nathan Greno wrote "The Warrior" which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! Have you seen Welcome. It's a great family movie.
Yes, you're right! Tim Allen was also great in Toy Story. He was also great in it as well.
Yes, he and Julia Roberts were also in Larry Crowne.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great book written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by him?
The Goonies is a good one, so if you like Sci-Fi you may also enjoy The Goonies. Have you seen it?
This movie was released in 2010. You might also like The Goonies if you like.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr. and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also directed Dumb and Dumber.
He also starred in Zombieland. That's a great Sci Fi film.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, the main star was Marlon Brando, one of the actors in The Godfather Part II is Marlon Brando.
Guillermo del Toro and Cameron Diaz directed the film.
I believe he did. He's also a director though.
I'm sorry I don't have information on his films.
Sure! It's a drama. It also stars Jane Fonda and Eddie Marsan.
Sure! Witless Protection is a great Crime film! I think you would like it!
Glad to be of help!
Glad to help!
I don't know anything about her, except that she is a singer. Is she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Bridesmaids, Pink Friday and Faithful
Yes, I'm a huge fan of their music. I do like their song One Step Closer. Do you like it?
I personally don't know any of their music, but I do know they are signed by Linkin Park, owned by Linkin Park. I think some of their music are really good.
I like dance songs. I prefer to listen to some of their music. How about you?
Sure, he starred in movies like Wag the Dog, The Devil's Advocate, and Lolita. Have you seen any of those?
He was also in The Incredibles. It also starred Samuel L. Jackson.
He was in quite a few including The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're right! Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. It's a very good film.
She was also in Monster's vs. Aliens.
Sure! Enjoy.
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a Book, and he also wrote The Collected Poems, and The Bell Jar.
The Collected Poems was released 1963, and it is a Book Club.
I'm not sure of the most popular song of his. I do know he was in the movie The Wiz.
Alright, I'm not sure about that. He also starred in the movie Groundhog Day, which was a pretty good movie.
Sure! It was written by John Lennon and stars Paul McCartney and John Lennon.
Sure, I can tell you he directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Have you seen it?
Steven Spielberg directed Zoolander, he also directed Monsters vs. Aliens.
You're welcome.
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Unfortunatelly, Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in 1513.
Oh you must give Il Principe a try! It was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in 1513.
Sure, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The River King, and The Last Man. Have you read any of those?
It came out in 2005.
Yes it is! and is in English.
She has written many great books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
It is genre Speculative Fiction, similar to Alice Walker
Yes, it is genre Speculative Fiction
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christian Bale and Christopher Nolan
It stars Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox, it is a psychological thriller and was released in 2000
You are welcome
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the information.
I like them both. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
The Scarlet Letter has genre Speculative fiction. You might also like The Princess Bride.
He wrote The Cider House Rules. It is a Fiction book. Do you like Fiction books?
It is a country similar to The World According to Garp.
It was released in 1981.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox
Yes, she starred in Princess Mononoke, which was written by Hayao Miyazaki.
It also stars Chris Weitz and Laurence Fishburne. It is also a comedy.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Sure. Matt Damon starred in Ocean's Thirteen which is a drama. Do you like his acting?
Sure. The Fight Club is a Romance film that was released in 2009. Does that interest you?
I don't think I've heard about a comedy but I might find it interesting.
Brad Pitt has starred in all of the movies including The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
You're welcome
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer and released in 2011. Do you like romance novels?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games starring Emily Watson. It is also a Romantic Comedy.
It is a Romantic film, similar to Wild Grass and Where Rainbows End.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is a a graet athlete.
You should watch Cricket sometimes. It is a game.
That's a great fact, another athlete who plays cricket in India.
I agree. The Los Angeles Lakers are a great team. Who is your favorite player?
Mike Brown is a good coach
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1845.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Would you also like to add it to your book club?
I know that he's a basketball player. He plays point guard. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
They are all basketball movies. Basketball is a great sport/crime movie. Do you like it?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar is a 2018 science fiction film written and directed by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith produced the movie. Kevin Smith produced the movie.
Sure. Vulgar is not a book set in the steel towns of America. It is a mystery and a drama.
Kevin Smith is a writer and a director, producer. He starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and he creates a TV program called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Absolutely! You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I know it's a German sports club coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I actually don't know much about soccer, I prefer American football to be honest.
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure, have you read The Pillars of the Earth, The Confessor, and The Pillars of the Earth.
It is a novel called Legend of the Seeker.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. It's a Social Criticism novel. Do you like social commentary?
Yes it is a fiction novel. Do you like George Orwell? He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Yes he has. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer and Nineteen Eighty-Four.
I am not sure of the genre but I do know Nineteen Eighty-Four is Fiction and children's literature
I will add them to your reading list.
It is a fiction book.
I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Did you know their team is owned by George Lucas? I think he was a great quarterback though.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's on the TV right now. I think he's a good guy too. Do you like him?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yeah, I'm not too sure. I don't know much about him. Is he a boxer?
Oh I didn't know that. Is he a boxer?
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare.
I would categorize them as well.
Yes! Are you interested in other films written by Meg Cabot?
Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? It's in the romance genre.
Sure. It stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Rock. It's a sci-fi film.
Great. I think you'll enjoy the film.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a Speculative/Science Fiction starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2013.
Yes, she did. She's a talented actress. She also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
Sure, How to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
Yes, one of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch Jack Reacher?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, I do. Do you like Ziggy Marley's music?
Reggae Music is great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend Ratatouille. It was released in 2008. You may also like Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Steve Buscemi wrote it and made it a great movie. Are you into any of his movies?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are crime Thrillers.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I hope you enjoy them!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. But, I heard of it's a pretty good read.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yes, it was!
I don't really know much about her other than she's a singer. Do you like her music?
I like Stronger. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
I don't know if she has any celebrity friends. I do know that she is a regular judge on The Voice.
Yes, I do like reality television.
If you enjoyed City of Fallen Angels, City of Bones is a great novel.
City of Fallen Angels is a book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Sure, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Fallen Angels, City of Glass, and City of Fallen Angels: City of Fallen Angels.
No problem!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It's an historical drama based on the true story of Hotel Rwanda.
The Other Boleyn girl starred in The Silence of the Lambs, along with Johnny Depp.
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Film.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a classic, similar genre is The Smurfs.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was actually written in English and released in 2003. It's a book about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to save his own name.
The book America is a romance novel, similar to Wyrd Sisters, which is also a historical novel.
You're welcome!
His latest directorial movie is Avengers: Age of Ultron. Have you seen it?
I don't have any additional information on that movie. He's a great director.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was. The movie was produced by Paula Hawkins
No problem!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Are you a fan?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
If you'd like to read young adult fiction, i suggest The Siren. It's similar to The Selection.
It was written by Percy Byshe Shelley and Percy Byshe Shelley and Percy Byshe Shelley
It was released in 1818. Anything else I can help with?
He was also in The Last Days of Downtown and The Invisible Man.
Yes, she also starred in Wedding Crashers and The Time Machine.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you interested in any of the books that are written by John Green?
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
Oh yeah, he starred in Space Jam. Did you know that?
Yes they did. They also become a football player.
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by John Preble. It's a Sci-Fi and was released in 2012.
Yes, Way Station is a great book.
I have not, but I will add it to my list of science fiction books.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I'm not sure how similar ones are, but I can recommend X-Men: The Last Stand and Inside Man.
Charlize Theron starred in Planet of the Apes. Do you like her movies?
Volcano stars Denzel Washington and Kevin Spacey. It was released in 2011. I don't have any more information about Volcano.
I have not, but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes! Missy Eliot was in a lot of TV shows, but I'm not sure about Pink.
It also starred Joe morton and Jed Brophy.
You're welcome
I know he's a member of the Portugal national football team and a midfielder.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan. I like Serena Williams. How about you?
I do, I love the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
I hope they do, they will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Which genre do you prefer?
Well, as a matter of fact, he starred in The Doors and The Vow if you like Oliver Stone.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Maze Runner. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine. He's also a writer and a musician.
Yup, it's a very good film.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Well, I know he's a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I don't know a lot about his music. But I'm not a big fan of his. Wasn't he married to Jordin Sparks?
I haven't heard much of her music. But I've heard she's a very good business person and has a lot of money off him.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was released in 2009 and is written by Liane Moriarty. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary by Liane Moriarty.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and Speaker of the Dead are Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by George R.R. Martin..
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, do you like the actors who starred in Aladdin, or do you like the genres?
George Lucas directed The Princess and the Frog
You're welcome
I know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy.
Definitely! Lady Gaga has a new version of The Edge of Glory.
She was also in The Muppets too.
Do you like Coldplay because it is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal?
I like Yellow too. I think I'll watch this album right now.
Yes they did. It was indeed!
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
I like comedies. He also starred in The House of Mirth and The Lorax.
She is starring in X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man.
it is a Romance. what else can i answer
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
I think he is a romantic actor. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Sure, a few of his songs are World Without End, Wide Sargasso Sea, and Vince Vaughn. Have you heard any of them?
I'm not entirely sure genre, but it's a sci-fi film.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in Wreck-It-Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's about the life of young girl whom will stay face to face to life's problem
It came out in 1999
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Sci-Fi
He wrote Rise of the Guardians, a Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
Yes, the movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Mike Starr has starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Do you like comedies?
He also starred in The Mask and The Right Stuff.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in the film. Do you like them?
Yes, Tate Donovan also starred in The O.C. which was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it was starring Sofia Coppola?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a great choice.
I do not have any information on who stars in the movie.
Yes, Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Olivia Wilde. Do you like them?
Sure. She also starred in a few like The Secret Life of Bees and The Green Hornet. Have you seen any of those?
Yes! She was in it as well!
Yes. That was a good movie too.
Owen Wilson was in Zoolander too. It's a good comedy
He's on the Germany national football team. He's a midfielder.
I'm not sure of that information, but I believe he's a Midfielder.
He also plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder.
I know he's a player with the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer movie written by Luc Besson. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is also a Midfielder.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
Sure, some similar films are The Return of the Native and The Last Airbender.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. Would you like to watch Zombieland?
I hope you enjoy it.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery as well. I think your Highness is a thriller.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good comedy. I think I haven't seen Pacifier yet.
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Some of her books include Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation.
I'm not sure about that. Is it a romance novel?
I love the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He's from New York City.
Yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Have you seen it?
I can't remember who produced it, but I do know he directed it.
He also produced That Thing You Do! that is a crime fiction film.
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that Tom Everett produced it too.
I'm not sure of the whole story but I do know that Tom Everett and Steve Carell also starred in it.
Yes, he also produced it too!
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon, Matt Damon and Julia Roberts. Do you like drama films?
It is, Robin Williams also starred in it.
Yes, The People Speak is a Mystery movie right?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Yes, he was a great player. I like the New York Giants and my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yeah, I had no idea. The Steelers were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like the genre Drama or the Thriller?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Speculative Fiction.
I'm not sure about that. But it was released in 2002.
Oprah Winfrey was in a Romance film called The Mysteries.
Wonderful. Have a good day.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was also the year that released Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald. Would you like to read it?
The Mist was also released that year and The Maze Runner was written by J.K. Rowling. That is a great science fiction book.
You might enjoy The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Frank Darabont and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure, I would suggest watching it.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion stars Michael Caine and Matt Damon. It was released in 2014. I'm not sure about the actors.
She also starred in Will Ferrell. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know he's in a relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
Cadillac Records is one of her latest movies. Did you know she starred in the movie The Shining.
I agree! I love lady Gaga. She starred in Scream 4 and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good comedy?
It also stars Will Smith: The Muppets! I'm sure you'll love it!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-believer is an Adventure. It's part of a series and the next series is Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
I believe Thomas Hobbes also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which was released in 1865.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Orlando Bloom or because it is a Fantasy?
He was in Troy, Wilde and Zulu. I could play one for you now.
He starred in Troy, which is a very good crime fiction.
You're welcome
Yes, She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I know he's a professional golfer from Murrieta. I don't follow golf too closely. Do you like him?
I like Adam Sandler in that movie. How about you?
Yes, he was also in Hot Tub Time Machine too.
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
It is a psychological thriller and horror film. Are you interested in those?
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Jodi Picoult or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
The Pelican Brief is a drama/crime movie that was released in 1993. It is a romantic comedy.
I like Crime Dramas. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy Wicked Lovely or When You Reach Me.
Yes, it is a comedy.
J.J. Abrams is in Young Adult Films.
Bradley Cooper was in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Yes, he also starred in The Words, which is a comedy.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you should like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt .
Would you like to add it to your watch list?
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
George R. Martin wrote Lullaby.
I'm not sure what else he wrote, but he also wrote Persuasion, Persuasion, and Emma.
Yes, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
He is a great actor. He was also in The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
I don't have any information on Peter Gallager. But, I know he was in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Secret Life of Bees and The Perfect Score.
Rocky is a film written and directed by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might like The X-Men 2 or The Lorax. Those are good ones.
It's a martial arts film, similar to Rocky.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen and a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Great. Then you should check out Wicked by Sara Gruen or When You Reach Me.
Yes, it was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I didn't know he's a basketball player. Who does he play for?
I am not a big basketball fan. Are you a fan of Will Smith?
Yes, they both play in the NBA.
Wow, what is your favorite team?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Do you like The Godfather because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Yes, it is. It also stars Tom Hanks and Chris Mulkey.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Sure! She is a great actress. She is married to Gloria Stuart.
Sure, have you see X-Men 2 or High School Dazed?
I really liked Wildcats with James Newton Howard.
He's a Parody starred in The Marriage Plot and The Virgin Suicides
You're welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp.
Released in 2012, it is a science fiction book.
I don't know any others. However, she wrote Half Blood & Starlight.
You're welcome!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Brad Pitt played a role in the movie War. It was released in 2012. I think you'll really like it.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
It was released in 1974.
Yes, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
No I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Serena Williams is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Oh really. I don't know much about tennis but I'm not sure of the other tennis players.
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Yeah, that is right. I liked Tuesday Night Football as a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I believe the X-Men is a book. but i'm not sure of the title.
127 hours is a Thriller, Drama, Comedy. Do you like Thrillers?
James Franco is a great actor. He starred in The You, Me and Dupree. Have you seen those?
He was in rom-com called X-Men. Have you seen that one?
Sure! The Wrestler is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. It is a sci-fi movie.
It is a drama.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player? I don't really follow that sport. Do you like the sport?
No, I don't think it is. What sport do you like?
Well, Virat Kohli also plays for Chennai Super Kings. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. It's next series is The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read it?
Sure, he also wrote The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
I believe it was a fiction book.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke.
Sure, do you like Peter Pan because it's a Historical period drama?
Sure, there's The Golden Compass, which is a great one.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a genre of Children's Literature.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a novel written by George R.R. Martin and is a fiction book.
Sure! The book is written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
That is also by Richard Pevear. He was born in Addis Ababa.
I'm not sure but it was released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is starring Kristen Connolly.
I believe it was written by Walter Hill. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes it is, I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Dave Pelzer
Perfect. Enjoy!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
If you like his movies, you should check out The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes he wrote The Lost World: Jurassic Park and The Green Mile
Ok. Armageddon is also in the genre Sci-Fi
That's the same year The Killing Room was released.
I'd definitely recommend The Blind Side. It's a great action/adventure film.
Biography is a good one, as well as White House Down. Two good Biographies I would recommend are Uglies and We Bought A Zoo. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that. Something else I can help with?
I'm glad I could help!
She is a very good tennis player? She and her sister Serena live in Florida.
No. I am not a big tennis fan but i like Serena and her sister Serena
Serena has a double number of records on the doubles as well.
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like them?
I haven't seen Woman in Gold but The Proposal is a drama. It is starring Ryan Reynolds too.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a Romance film.
Yes, It is a Mystery and Drama flick. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
It was directed by Neil Gaiman. Do you want to know more about him?
It stars Scott Bakula and Emma Twist.
It came out in 2004.
Yes, it was a great movie! Do you like them? I haven't seen Superman Returns.
It is a crime drama. Do you like those types of films?
That is correct. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes, Tom Hanks also appeared in it. It was a great movie.
I'll add that to your watch list.
your welcome
Do you like the Deception Point because it is a thriller, or because it is a thriller?
you have The Reamde. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you today?
That one is a romantic comedy. Is that what you had in mind?
Perfect, is there anything else I can help you with?
The movie stars Ryan Reynolds and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct. In fact, Daniel Handler was a screenwriter as well.
You're welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
I have not read Outlander, it is a science fiction book. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, she wrote The Fiery Cross and I Am Number Four. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
I'm not sure if she has any other books about her but I do know My Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
Probably the second book in My Own Heart's Blood is the second book in the Outlander series.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Not really. I don't follow the sport. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes they were, and Hayden Panettiere was in The Titans. You should check it out!
Yes! Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That's a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on him, but I can tell you he also starred in X-Men 2.
I'm not sure who directed that movie, but I do know it was released in 2002.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
I don't have a favorite, but Madonna's style sort of reminds me of Britney Spears, I think she is her best.
Michael Jackson is a favorite of mine, one of my all time favorite songs. What's your favorite?
They're in the AFC East, right? I'm not a big fan of the Jets.
I'm not a big fan of football. Are you? Who's your favorite Jets player?
I know that they made a lot of money out of their contract. Are you a football fan?
Sure, he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it was released in 1987 and stars Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemswortth and Scarlett Johannson.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, they are a south korean boy band. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of their music. I haven't listen to them much now. Are they a good team?
Sorry, I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg. I wonder if they are friends with him?
Yes, he did! He's also a composer and he wrote The Wash and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits, a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a comedy. Do you like Johnny Depp? He also was in The Mask.
It's a comedy about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It also stars Olivia Wilde.
She was also in Dancing with the Stars. Do you like her?
Donna Tartt wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction? You might like The Little Friend or The Goldfinch.
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
Yes, it's a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Michael Bay has starred in a number of movies. He's been in a number of things. Two of my favorites are The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Dead Zone and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Yes, Armageddon is a classic. It's also been made into a TV series by Michael Bay.
It's a political drama. Dwayne Johnson also starred in I'm not sure of the genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an Indian crickter, is the vice-captain of the India national team in limited-overs formats.
I've never really followed him but I have heard of Rohit Sharma. I don't really follow international sports, though.
Yes, I think he's a forward and a midfielder.
Well, I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
Sure, she starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life.
I think so too! She was also in Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that. However, Lea Thompson starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is a Romance film. Have you seen it?
I've not seen it but I think I'll add it to my watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife, which is a great book. Have you read it?
It is a sci-fi film.
George Lucas was the author of Stanlee.
Jorja Fox starred in the Revenge film called Memento.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is a very popular movie. Have you seen it?
Added to the watch list.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that makes us rivals!
I think they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't. I'm sorry.
He has written some good books, would you like to know about any of them?
I haven't read any of his work like that one myself yet. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in the genre. Can I suggest something else?
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
Timothy Dalton is one of the actors in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool was released in 2008 and starred Ryan Reynolds.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help with?
Isn't he that Belgian soccer player?
Soccer is a big sport to follow. Do you like soccer?
Thanks for the information!
Yes she is an actress too. She starred in No Strings Attached.
I don't think I've seen him in that movie. He is a good actor!
I haven't seen it yet. I think I will watch it now!
Sure, Step Brothers is a comedy film. Is that what you'd like to know about?
John C.Reilly also wrote Shrek. Do you know that one?
It was released in 2009
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606, the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra. Have you read it?
It was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tragedy of Macbeth.
It's genre is Children's Literature.
Yes, that is true. He is from Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do any of these sound interesting?
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG was rated PG. Do you like his movies?
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that. I think he's a very good business person.
I didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, the main stars are Nicolas Cage, John Travolta and John Travolta.
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth were in it.
You should, also a great movie. He starred in The Wildest Dream with Ralph Fiennes. Have you seen that?
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I preferPop and Pop.
I'll add that to your list.
No, I have not, it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should have also been made into a movie yet.
Yes, he was. He also wrote The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
Yes, that is a great movie. It also stars Olivia Munn. She was also in Bridesmaids.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He has also written Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read those?
Juraissic is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
The Polar Express is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine, but I am not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Some of the actors include Angelina Jolie Pitt, Chris Pine and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Some of the best adventure movies are, Wolverine and the X-Men
He does star in some of the movies as well
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. Stephen King also wrote Under the Dome.
Yes, that is true. He's also a writer as well.
You are welcome!
Yes, what do you want to know about the movie Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The team coach is Lovie Smith. Do you like football?
I don't have a favorite. Who is their coach now?
I think he's a forward. he's a forward.
I think they are doing well
Yes, I think she is one of the best singer of our generation. Is she an actress too?
I have never seen her play, but I know she has been in a lot of events. Would you like to know about any of those?
Yes, they are good, they are good. I like Liam Neeson as well.
No, I haven't personally listened to his music. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he was in Desperado. its a great movie. Did you know he was also a musician?
I'm not sure what it's her latest album but I've seen her in Princess Protection Program.
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of historical fiction?
Certainly! It was released in 1854. She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Ok, I will add that to my read list.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was actually born in 1867.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with the other book Last Night.
Of course, she also wrote Last Chance to See and have you read those two yet?
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author, Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do. He wrote quite a few books including The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, The Last Star and The Infinite Sea are also written by John Irving.
Sure, he wrote a book called The Wimpy Kid. Would you like to know more about it?
Robert Jackson actually wrote it and it also wrote Time Bandits
It was released 1595
Sure! Do you like the book because it's romance?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest We Bought a Zoo and Dear John. They are very good!
No I don't have that information.
Sure thing!
I do. Is it the book written by Jamie Ford?
You're right. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013
It appears that it's somewhere in United States of America.
That is correct. Sounds like a great book.
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
Sure, I'd recommend The Civil War. It's a thriller and stars Morgan Freeman.
He starred in The Civil War and Inland Empire.
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham. Are you interested in other books by Grisham?
Then you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Reservoir Dogs or The City and the Stars.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on him.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for recommendations?
Yes, he wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She wrote the books the Cookoo's Calling and Silkworm.
You are welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
it is speculative fiction
The Looking Glass Wars is a great book
The genre is Adventure Fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
It was a book written by J.D. Salinger.
Dan Simmons has also written Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but he also starred in he's been in a lot of TV shows. He's been in a lot of TV shows. He's been in a lot of TV shows.
Ok I'm not sure about that. I also know he starred in The House of Mirth.
Thanks for the information! I hope you enjoy them!
Great, enjoy!
I agree. He's a great point guard. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
Since he is a Point Guard, I'm not a huge basketball fan, but he is a point guard for the Miami Heat.
He is a point guard. One of my favorite players is Vernon Davis.
Sure, Do you like books written by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
I don't have any examples of literary Realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she from South Korea?
I know it is a fiction book, similar to The Gods Themselves it has a similar type of Fiction.
It was actually released in 2008.
I would also recommend World Without End, if you liked it.
What is that about The Clan of the Cave Bear? I'd suggest that one as well.
Enjoy!
Looper stars Bruce Willis and Cameron Diaz. It's a great comedy.
That is correct. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he wrote A Beautiful Mind which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote Someone Like You and The Man from U.N.C.
It is a comedy
Sure, Anything else I can help with?
It's a great book. It was written by J.D. Salinger. It's a great book.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by J.D. Salinger
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football but I do know he was born in Argentina.
It came out in 1960. Do you like young adult fiction?
It starred Naomi Watts and Kate Beckinsale.
You might like The House of Seven Gables also written by George A. Romero.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a Romance novel. Are you interested in that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It's a Historical novel that was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
Your welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I think they won their game today by 3 points.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How are they doing this season?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actress. She starred in several movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
I'm not sure about that novel, but I'd recommend Xenocide.
I haven't read the book yet but I know it was adapted into a film.
Would you like to know anything else?
The are a football team in the AFC East. I'm not a big fan of the Dolphins but I do know they are in the AFC East division. Are you a fan?
Not really a fan of a lot of sports. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's really cool. What is yours?
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
The main star cast would be Steve Buscemi and Jenna Boyd
I'm not sure of the exact year but I do know it was released in 1990.
You're welcome
Yes, I agree. I think she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J. Do you like her?
Yes, Victorious was also a tv show. Do you like tv shows?
Yes, Victorious also starred in Zoey 101. Have you seen it?
Great actor, she is very talented.
I love Downfall. It was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
That's a great war film! It was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced the sequel.
I'll add it to your watch list.
The genre of Catchter in the Rye is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have you read Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Water for Elephants?
Sure, do you want to add it to your list?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action thriller. It was written by Daniel Henney.
Yes! He's also a writer and a screenwriter.
Yes. She also starred in Dancing with the Stars. She is a great actor.
Besides being a writer, Mindy was also a voice actor and comedian.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like that team, they are doing well this year. Who is your favorite player?
Tony Romo is also a director! Did you know he was born in Benton Harbor? He's a great actor.
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you heard of that one?
Owen Wilson is the main actor, he played Mr. Wilson. It was released in 2002.
Owen Wilson does not play Owen Wilson but he does star in the film. Anything else I can help with?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't know much about him. I'm more of a golfer from England.
I don't have any more information on him. Can I give you anything else?
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse, The Waves, and The Waves.
Sure. She wrote The Waves, The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner, and many others.
It came out in 1927. It's a great book.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, The Apostle, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Time Bandits would be considered comedy and action, from what I can tell. Did you know that Shelly Duvall starred in it?
You're welcome.
Oh yes, Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a horror film. He also directed The Manchurian Candidate.
It is a Tom Cruise action film.
Would you like Frances Mayes is an author, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
Would you like to know anything else?
I don't know much about her music since I do not like country music.
Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway?
Oh, ok well she isn't only acted in other movies herself
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Me either, because I don't like Tomlin or because I don't like him. He's a pretty good actor.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
Shadowland is part of a series. Would you like to hear about other books in the fantasy genre?
You're right! Oliver Twist is also in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team. He played midfielder. Do you like him?
Do you have any favorite football teams?
Yes, Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, it is an action movie. It is starring Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. Do you like that kind of movie?
It's a romance.
There's The Sorcerer's Apprentice which was written by Tom Schulman.
Would you like a suggestion for you based on Drama?
You're welcome.
He's the sibling of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two and two.
Yes, he did and it was also a graphic novel.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Its a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon and Nicky Naude, have you seen it?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - he also directed The Scarlatti Inheritance. Do you like his work?
Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson starred in The Bourne Identity. Do you like them?
Sure, she wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
Sure. Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption are all released in the same year.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. The movie was a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure about that fact. But I can tell you that it won the Bravo Award for Best Original Score!
Sure! White House Down and Beautiful Creatures are considered Romance films as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to see more of his works?
World Without End is a book similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Ok great, I will add it to your reading list!
Sure, Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud and Dredd is a drama
He also stars in the movie Disclosure with Demi Lovato
Ron Clements also stars in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse a man Called Horse was released in 1989.
Yes, I'll add it to your queue.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
William H. Macy starred in The Other Guys which is a comedy.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome!
Sure. He starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
You are correct. Are you interested in Ned Bellamy movies?
Yes. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Green Mile if you haven't seen it already.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is an Indie film starring Robert Downey Jr.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's great. Did you see him in The Aviator?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
He did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. Another Romance movie you might like is Shopaholic and Romance.
I don't have any information on the actors, but I can tell you that Russell Crowe starred in this movie.
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Don't mention it
Yes. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes they are. The Washington Wizards are a basketball team too.
I have seen Nanking. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in it?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
Sure. The Long Winter was co-written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and it is a drama.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wolves of the Calla by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Sure thing. I'll add these to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that book?
Then you might like Catching Fire or Xenocide.
Sure! Other books in this genre include The Crucible, Maniac Magee and The House of Mirth.
It's a play released in 1599.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Do you like comedies?
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like romance novels?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2003.
Happy to help!
Oh its a good movie, starring Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway.
The characters are Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
Sure, You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and Welcome to Temptation
It was directed by Kate Beckinsale.
It came out in 2011
Great! Enjoy the movie!
Sure, she starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder. He is also a midfielder.
I don't know anything about him. Did you know he was born in Rio de Janeiro?
I believe he was a Midfielder on the same team, but I don't know much about him.
No I don't have that information. Who is one of the most famous actors from Columbia?
Yes, it was actually a great movie. Will Smith, Shia LeBeouf, and James Cromwell star in I, Robot.
Peter Jacobson stared in As Good as It Gets and Purple Violets so the two might be similar.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
It was released in 1999
Enjoy!
They are a National Football League, owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I'm not sure who owns the team but I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes, I enjoy watching the Patriots game.
Yes, she does play badminton and was born in Hisar. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes! The 2012 Summer olympics was a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I like tennis and just watched the 2012 Olympics.
He was born in London. He's a star.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
It was released in 2016
He also wrote True Believer, by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David Hayter and produced by Stephen King.
Yes, he is a famous author as well.
You too!
Pulp Fiction was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Reservoir Dogs, Repo Man and Death Proof are the sequel.
Yes she is. She was in Pulp Fiction as well.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse.
Sin City is a crime fiction film
It appears that David Gallagher starred in it, as well as produced it!
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, it was released in 2005.
Sure, there is a book called Stones into Schools written by David Benioff as well.
Sure, enjoy!
Well, she was born in It's a Fiction, are you a fan of hers?
Yes, he did. It's a book set in the English language.
Yes, The Pilgrimage was directed by Frank Darabont and is a thriller.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke.
Yes it is a story. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's a novel and speculative fiction.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1999.
Sure, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a similar book in the same genre.
It was written by Benjamin Button, and it is a novel.
It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
Yeah, The Fighter is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa Marr. You should definitely watch it.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction novel. Do you like Speculative Fiction?
Glad to help! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
It's the only book I've read.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
That was a great movie, including Steve Kloves, J.K. Rowling and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Can I help with anything else?
I think he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure of the name. Are they a part of a series?
No. I am not a huge fan but I do follow the sport.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Eddie Marsan, Michelle Pfeiffer and Richard Donner to name a few.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yes I do! It's a great comedy written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to hear about other movies with him?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo too. It is such a fun movie to watch.
The Princess and the Frog is indeed a fairy tale. I think you would like it!
Yes, that is a great movie, isn't that right?
Yes, The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a wonderful book. Have you read it?
White Fang is a great fiction book. You might also like The Sea Wolf.
It really is! Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. He also wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you read it?
I agree, that is a great book! Did you know Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Disaster?
I'd suggest Beautiful Sacrifice, if you're interested in other books by Jamie McGuire.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone. Do you like her movies?
Yes, he starred in Silver Linings Playbook.
Yes it is, it is also a comedy.
You're welcome
I don't really follow football. I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. How are they doing this season?
Yes, they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
Do you like the Beloved because it is a historical fiction?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also historical fiction.
That was also a really good movie. Billy Bob Thornton was also in it as well.
Ariana Grande is a great performer. Do you like her music?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre too?
Yes, Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Last Song and he also starred in it as well.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
The Lucky One is a romantic comedy and is also a romantic comedy. Nicholas Sparks also a writer as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée is a/an Celebrity. I'm not sure but it is a historical fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Well, from what I've heard, it's predominantly a war film and a romance film.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
Matthew Macfadyen stars in Young Victoria.
Okay, I'm not sure if they're in it.
Have you seen Lady Gaga?
Sure, will do.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Would you like to know more about him?
Have you seen Fast and Furious 2 or Fast and Furious 2?
Both Vin Diesel and Paul Walker are in it. It's a very good movie
You're welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was directed by Brad Pitt or because it was a crime fiction?
World War Z was directed by Mike White, who also directed Zombie.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men 2 and Wedding Crashers.
I can't seem to find any other movies he's acted, but did you know he also starred in The Return of the Native
What is your favorite genre?
Sure! Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and The Sirens of Titan.
Yes, it was. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You too!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know that. He played for the New Orleans Pelicans as well.
I didn't know that! Isn't he married to Eva Longoria?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great songwriter. I like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like that song?
I do not have any information on any of them. I can find some by Sam Smith, though. Would you like to hear something else?
Yes that is true. playwright is also a screenwriter.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
I didn't know that. I did know that. Are you a fan of The Madison Square Gardener?
Do you like the New York Yankees as a point guard?
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He was also in Zoolander.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I did. Didn't he also star in The Crazies?
I don't know if he's a actor. He's a pretty good actor. I liked him in The Crazies. Have you seen it?
Yes, and also Steve Buscemi. They're a great actor.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, I didn't know that! That's a pretty good team.
I didn't realize the Men in Black II, but I've seen a couple of times in Chicago.
Oh I didn't know that! That's a great movie. It's a biography.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Are you a fan of romance novels?
Yes, it was. It was also released in 1844, the same year The Breakfast Club was released.
Well, if you like speculative fiction, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It was written by Alan Ball and also starred Sylvester Stallone.
Kevin Spacey wrote and produced Beyond the Sea, have you seen that one?
Yes she is. Did you know she lost to a lot of matches against Serena Williams?
Of course, did you know she starred in a relationship with Justin Timberlake?
Good Deeds is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre too?
Yes he produced The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, It was starring Natalie Portman and Johnny Depp. It was released in 2003
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I'm unsure if she has a new album, but I like her song Whenever, Wherever. Have you heard it?
Cameron Diaz and Vivica A. Fox to name a few.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award, amoung other famous authors like Tony Kushner, Shakira and Kirsten Dunst.
I love Coraline! My favorite children's picture book is How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Do you like it?
I do not have any genre information for the movie. However, I do know that he also wrote Stardust, which is another great book.
You might like the movie Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back or the Incredible Hulk.
Sure! Wicked City is a slasher book written by John Hodgman and is about a paranormal romance.
Sure. Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes to name a few.
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Wilson Rawls has also written Walk Two Moons, another great one.
It was released in 1958
Enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes Nicolas Sparks also wrote Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Seas, and Where Rainbows End.
Sure, you might like The Wedding Date or The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are excellent reads!
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
Yes, that's right. It was co-written by Tom Quirk, who also wrote The House of Seven Gables
Glad to be of help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go, Dog, and There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller, Mystery, Suspense genre.
Some of the actors starred in this movie are Leonardo DiCaprio, Michael Fassbender, Jodi Foster, Christian Bale
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Ben Stiller.
Sure. added to your list.
Danny Boyle wrote Young Frankenstein. Have you seen it? It's a great crime fiction film.
Apparently he was in Trance, which is a romantic comedy.
It's a drama. Would you like to star in it?
Brad Pitt starred in all 3 of the movies.
I don't know about any movie
Rosario Dawson also starred in this movie
Zach Galifianakis was in that
Okay sure enjoy!
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
I don't really follow soccer. But, I know she won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Spirit. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Have your read the Lord of the Rings series?
Yes, he wrote Die Verwandlung.
It is a romance novel released in 1915. Do you like romance novels?
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker.
I haven't seen it but he did star in Taking Chance.
Yes, Linus Roache is the lead. She also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, he also starred in House Bunny.
Cool, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Ian Flemyng and Ian Flemyng.
I'm not sure about that one, but it was released in 1996.
I am not sure of the release date. It was written in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like Cloud Atlas, because it starred Jim Sturgess or because it was written by David Mitchell?
Aeon Flux is a popular Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome
Great! Anything else I can help with?
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like X-Men 2 or State of the Union.
Some of the best one would be X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Death Comes to Say and 50 Minutes of Heaven. Just to name a few.
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's written by J.J. Abrams and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is another great thriller.
It was an epic film of the same name written by Anita Diamant. It was released in 1895.
Sure, she starred in The Diary of a Young Girl. Are you interested in that movie?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Diary of Anne Frank by Anne Frank.
Well it appears that several people have followed up with The Diary of Anne Frank and Anne Frank. I think you'd enjoy it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
He was also in What's Eating Gilbert and Tombstone. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Sure, you might also enjoy the comedy What's New Pussycat. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it's an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes, the movie is about football. Stephen Curry is also in this movie.
I don't have access to that information. However, The Game of Their Lives was a comedy staring Liam Neeson.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Oh, yes. He's also a linebacker. I had never heard of him.
Great! Have a great day!
I do agree! She's a talented athlete who is currently ranked world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I'm actually not a big sports nut. I prefer American Football
The Dallas Cowboys and the Denver Broncos. What team do you like?
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, Tori Spelling starred in the movie Scream 2 and Sarah Kennedy.
You might also like Wild Hogs.
You're welcome.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy. It also stars Natalie Portman and Stephen Fry.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Redeemed and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a romance novel.
It's a drama/sci-fi movie released in 2005. It starred Naomi Watts and Anne Hathaway.
Naomi Watts has starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen either of those?
It is a historical period drama. It also stars Naomi Watts. How about you?
Your welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's a pop music. Gary Chapman is also a musician.
Yes, she wrote the book, The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you read that?
I'm not seeing any information on him, but I can check if you'd like to check if you'd like to.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. What else can I do for you?
Sure, He is also a producer. He wrote Sure, A Christmas Carol, and also he is the executive producer.
I can't read that one, but i know it was written by Philip Van Doren Stern
Did you know Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life?
She stars in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should watch that one.
I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
Great question, I am not sure about that
Yes it does have English and was released in 1958
I'm not sure of the audiobook but it was written by Marion Wiesel now
It is a crime drama. Is that the type of movie you like?
It's considered a thriller and a crime film.
Oh yes. It was written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
Woody Herman wrote Vampire Academy. It's also a film.
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders? I've been following them too.
I guess tennis is great, but I prefer college football. Do you like the Raiders?
Sure! Do you like movies directed by Steven Spielberg? He also wrote The Camel Club.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good drama book. It was released in 2012 and was written by Tammara Webber.
Tammara Webber wrote Where you Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy the books!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies, starring Danny DeVito and Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
George Clooney and Stephen Dillane are in it. They're really good.
He's been in quite a few films. He's been in The Right Stuff, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, and The Wonderful Spider Man.
Enjoy!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen. He's a great writer. He also wrote V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
Yes, V for Vendetta was released in 2005.
You are welcome!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Sure, it's genre is more like Gothic fiction.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Definitely, she wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
It was released in 2004 and is considered a historical fiction.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
It's a Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Yes, Leo Dickens was influenced by a lot of different people. My favorite is The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle
Yes, it is. Have you read The Great Britain by Charles Dickens?
I'm not sure, but it was written by Rebecca Stead.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. He also directed The Longest Yard.
He certainly did. He also produced The Longest Yard too.
Adam Sandler also starred in Grown Ups with Adam Sandler. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen that one?
J. K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
It appears to be a popular series. Is there anything else I can help with?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings and it's a Speculative Fiction.
Yes. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them might be a speculative fiction book as well.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a crime drama and Seabiscuit is a historical period drama.
Have you seen White House Down? That's a crime drama.
You're welcome!
He's a player on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the sport. Do you like any other sports?
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Temptation.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It's a romance film.
I like murder mystery as well. Do you have a favorite genre of films?
That is a great murder mystery film.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you want to know more about this author or genre, it is a mystery?
Persuasion was written by Christopher Paolini. Would you like to read it?
It was originally published in 1817. Would you like to read it?
I have not heard about it but relating to what I have seen it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems interesting!
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane but Michael Markowitz also wrote Inside Man, and he directed it.
Me too! Kevin Spacey wrote and starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watched a match from time to time. Who is your favorite tennis player?
No, I don't watch tennis at all, but I find it interesting when it comes to watching a match.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
The Sneetches and Other Stories are similar to Inkheart.
I have not read The Giving Tree or A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama and suspense. Do you like those types of books?
World Without End is a really good one. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale star in that movie. Do you like either of those actors?
I don't but I think I've heard of it. It's a really good film.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you should check out You, Me and Dupree. It is a Crime Fiction movie.
No problem. Enjoy the movie
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are great. Have you seen them?
He's a soccer player from England. I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a historical fiction novel. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
You're welcome.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
They are also part of the Manchester United F.C team.
No I don't know him. Is he a midfielder?
Yes I do. It's a good book written by Patrick Rothfuss it is a young adult fiction book.
Okay, you should check out The Wise Man's Fear.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film that became a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also wrote The Siren, which is a great film.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
His genre is mainly Crime Fiction.
That was a good movie. Do you like films starring Justin Timberlake?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The National Treasure and The Green Mile.
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2004.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, you will like The Butterfly Effect. It is also a great book.
I did. That was a good movie, written by Steven Spielberg, and directed by Stieg Larsson.
He was also in Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes his role was in that movie.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't seen it I'd highly recommend it.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote the book Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption, which are you interested in?
It was released in 1982. Anything else I can help with?
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the actor Chris Hemsworth or the genre Young-adult fiction?
Sure. You might also enjoy The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
The Lion King came out in 2014. It's also a Fantasy, Adventure, and Children's Literature.
Sure, no problem!
Hemingway has written a lot of books. Two of my favorites are To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You could try Short Stories by Ernest Hemingway if you like short stories.
It was released in 1865.
My pleasure.
OK. Have a great day!
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who would you like to know?
Yeah, I like him too. I'm not much of a fan of him.
Isn't he with Mary Steenburgen in that movie?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
The Soloist also starred Rupert Everett and Michelle Pfeiffer.
It is a Crime Fiction Film, similar to White Oleander.
I do! A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
I don't have that information, but I know it was adapted into a film.
That is a great book! The Weight of Glory was released in 1950 and is a classic.
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent
Yes, Mike Woodson is their coach and he is hilarious.
Not yet. Are you a fan of Woodson?
Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to Michael Fassbender? He also wrote and directed it.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a TV mini-series that he produced.
He sure did, he also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know too much about him. Is he a German football player?
Yes, you're correct. Do you like American Football?
I would have to say he has a stats like he plays the forward position.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
Well, there is a few westerns called Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
It is a horror film
Nolan wrote The Dark Knight, which is starring Hugh Jackman
I am not sure about Memento but I can tell you Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier which is a very good film
You're welcome
L. Frank Baum wrote The WOnderful Wizard of Oz, published May 17, 1900.
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is considered a fantasy novel.
If you like Voyager, you may want to check out The Great Gatsby or The Golden Compass.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote that novel. Are you interested in any of her books?
Beautiful Darkness is also speculative fiction and written by Diana Gabaldon.
You're welcome!
Yes. It is the latest one. It was released in 2017.
I'm not sure, but I also know The Holiday was released in 1996.
It is a romance-drama film.
X-Men 2 starring Sarah Parish is a great thriller.
Yes, she starred in The Other Guys which is a romance film
WALLE is a Speculative fiction do you like this genre?
He wrote X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: First Class.
Sure! Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes! State of the Union is a sci-fi movie. You should definitely watch it!
Glad to be of help! Laurence Fishburne was also in Wolverine.
Yes- the union was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Do you like young adult fiction?
Sorry, I don't have much information on this book. You might also like What Happens In Vegas written by Sarah Dessen.
Sure, there's also The Truth About Forever and The House of Seven Gables just to name a few.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well as several others. Do you like fiction?
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not, but what do you know about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
It starred George Nolfi and Ocean's Twelve.
Good, enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan. I prefer American Football.
I don't know much about him either. I'm more of a baseball fan.
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child. Have you read that book?
It's considered children's literature. He was born in London as well.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well. He was also a producer in the movie The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, I hope you enjoy the movie.
Snow Flower
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is an English language book.
I'm not sure about that story. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome !
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
You might also enjoy Grindhouse by Rob Zombie if you liked him.
It stars Rob Zombie and it is based on a novel that was released in 1994.
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and released 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005
Sure The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery and was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Parks starred in Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of genre do you like?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction Film. It's also a movie starring Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a fiction book. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Oh, I'm sure you'll enjoy it, it is a very good book!
Great, enjoy!
He is a professional basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
Well, Patrick Ewing was in Space Jam. He's a great actor.
Yeah, it was a fun movie. I liked Ghostbusters. Do you like any of them?
Yes, he wrote the movie. It's a great movie.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with William Peterson and Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, the movie A Man Apart was released in 1999 and starred Keanu Reeves.
You're welcome!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of Our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he wrote What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Yes he did. He also wrote What Lies Beneath too.
I'm not sure what Lies Beneath is thought to be a drama but it is a great movie
I do too, they drafted Kenny Phillips, and Aaron Ross.
I'm not a huge football fan but if I'm watching the Patriots game, it must be a hard time for them. What's your team?
I would prefer action if you have a favorite. Have you seen AFC or X-Men 2?
I sure can! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
Circling the Sun was a romance novel set in the Pacific Northwest.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psychological thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
Eraserhead is starring Ryan Reynolds. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Do you like his movies?
It is a romance and drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
Sure, it was written by Nelson DeMille who also wrote The Quick and the Dead
Yes, it is a great war movie. It also starred Rosemary Wells and Rebecca Hall.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011.
2011 was a great year for books. The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Sirens of Titan and The City of Ember were released
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you seen it?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
OK. Top Secret was written by Ridley Scott who also produced Twins of Evil.
It was written by Oren Moverman.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Everett wrote it. He's a very good actor.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto also starred in Witless Protection.
Some other action movies are The Running Man and The Core.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know about Hush Hush but I know that she co-wrote the movie The Incredibles.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Winter's Bone, which is a Psychological Fiction novel.
Crescendo is a romance novel set in the steel towns of America. Have you read this one?
You bet! I hope you enjoy.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. It's a memoir. Do you like that genre?
She is the author of The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It is a book set in the steel towns of America. It was released in 2005
Okay enjoy!
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Thrillers?
You're right. Escape from New York is starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like horror films?
Yes, you can try The Fault in Our Stars.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
I do not have any other authors but I do know it was written by Sean Byrne.
Greider wrote a book called Nowhere Boy which was turned into a documentary. Have you read it?
He's been in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in those?
The Rat was a animated film that was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure it's a childrens animated but it was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I've read Where the Wild Things Are. It's a romance novel written by Maurice Sendak.
The BFG is a great family friendly film. You should check it out.
Sure! Anytime.
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. It's a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy genre?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and the other Hobbit films.
Yes, they were. The Red House wasadapted into a film which was released in 2003.
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Have you seen it?
Your welcome enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre that you like to watch?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but it also starred Kevin James and Frank Coraci.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by the same man.
You might like The Good, the Bad, the Ugly or The Long Goodbye if you like crime fiction.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. He is a great actor.
I'm glad to help!
I know he is a professional basketball player for the Green Bay Packers, and the Brother Grimm. Do you like him?
The Order was released in 2003
Woody Allen was also in it. He's a great actor.
Sure, no problem.
It is a great movie starring Tom Everett Scott. It's an excellent movie.
I don't have the information for the movie The Blind Side. I'm sorry about that.
It stars Brad Pitt and it is released in 2011. Michael Lewis also directed The Alamo, which is an excellent movie.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Fallen Angels; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Fallen Angels; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Fallen Angels. Do any of these sound interesting?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex both fall under the genre Fantasy.
You are welcome.
Sure, he directed Children's Literature, which is a drama. Do you like to watch it?
Yes, he did. That's a great movie.
I'm not sure about that. However, I can tell you he wrote a book called The Godfather.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that novel. It was written by C.S.Lewis. Would you like to know more about it?
He wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Weight of Glory.
You're welcome.
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Oh ok, that's right. I've never heard about him.
I have never heard of him. Is he from Liverpool?
I do not know of him, only that he is from Liverpool. I love the song he did with the Beatles.
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife of Memory.
Sure! Wintergirls is a novel released in 2011. It was written by Laurie.
Sure, downloading now.
Yes, I do. There are a few Rihanna songs from Rihanna. She starred in Wedding Crashers and The Count of Monte Cristo.
Yes, Rihanna has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown. Do you like him?
It is about time travel.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Yup, The Bodyguard and The Republic of Love are two great movies Marc Forester starred in.
I'm not sure what it's about but it is a romance film.
I hope you enjoy them!
It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
You can try Wildwood Dancing. It is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes, that is correct.
He is a actor. He starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Elizabeth was not in the version of Elizabeth. The film is based on the true story of Elizabeth.
I think it's okay. She has a good voice. She's from Virginia and has a wonderful voice.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a book written by Nicholas Sparks. It's genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like books in this genre?
Romance Novels. Do you want to read it?
Yes, it was also a play written by Nicholas Sparks.
Check out Without Fail by Lee Child. It is a Crime Fiction as well.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski.
I'm not sure, but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River."
He has starred in The Shawshank Redemption, have you seen that one?
It was directed by Woody Allen who also directed Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Stolen, and many others if you're interested .
Yes, he did direct the movie. Did you know the man is a great actor
He hasn't seen the latest movie but he did star in the movie The Mechanic.
You're welcome
I'll add that right now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure. He also directed Independence Day, a well-known film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
I'm not sure, but it's a comedy genre.
It came out in 1938.
Your welcome.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, they do play in Lambeau Field too.
yea hes great. David Thornton and Tom Brady just to name a few.
He is a great coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year
I am a fan of him but I haven't seen him in a long time. Who does he play for?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Justin Timberlake I know starred in the movie Friends with Benefits with Emma Twist. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music so I try to watch it.
I don't remember someone else, but he was a great host as well. I think Cassandra Clare and Paul Walker also starred in it.
Yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one. It was produced by her co star Bradley cooper.
Sure, Joseph Sikora starred in Taken with Joseph Sikora. Have you seen that one?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora. He also starred in a version of The Watcher.
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He was also in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Me, too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
You might like Vanessa Lengies, have you heard of it?
Can I help with anything else?
I know it was released in 2014 and is in English.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tarantino, and many others.
Its a mystery
You might like The Fiery Cross or the Great Gatsby
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You're welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Other movies in this genre include The Baader Meinhof Complex.
Benedict Cumberbatch starred in this movie. He also starred in The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like science fiction movies? He directed Slither.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, Tom Everett wrote the movie. He also starred in The Godfather Part II.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to see more of his works?
Well, The Great Gatsby is a 2012 dystopian novel written by Nora Ephron. Are you a fan of hers?
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote "The Warrior's Way", which is also a play written by him.
You are welcome! Enjoy.
He's a great actor! He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus Has Fallen.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1999.
Sure! I'll play it for you now.
I never watched the movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know?
Thekla Reuten also starred in the movie Seven Psychopaths, which was released in 2003.
Yes, he starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also produced the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a comedy. Chris Weitz also directed Pineapple Express. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he directed Hotel Rwanda, which is a romantic film, do you like romantic films?
Yes I would. It's a great speculative fiction book. Is that the genre you prefer?
Sure, she also wrote "The Nightingale" and "The Lorax." Both are good books.
It was released in 2011 and written in English.
I don't know much about him. Didn't he star in The Expendables 2? I don't know much about him.
It's a very good film. Do you like Novak Djokovic? He's a tennis player as well.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he did. Another great Crime Fiction movie is Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is a Romance Film, would you like to watch it?
Yes, Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Lorax and the Hat!
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and is a children's literature.
Thank you. Glad I could help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
Jennifer Benoist also starred in The Longest Ride along with Tom Waits.
Yes it is a romance as well as Rhythm and Blues.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor!
You're welcome
I would highly recommend. They're coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
I have never seen a TV game one of my favorites. Have you ever seen him play for the Los Angeles Lakers?
Yes, Lakers will be awesome. They play a lot of teams, including thr.
Larissa wrote асска и овести, рат арамаов, and рат арамаов.
I do not have any other information on Eecbl, but he wrote ес.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Did you like The Notebook because it's Romance or because it's romance?
Have you read Apocalypse Now? It is a Romance.
It is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I don't know much about them. Who are their coach?
I think they are doing well this year. Who is your favorite player?
Oh cool. I'll have to check that out, thanks for the information.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome.
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling was written by the great by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2013.
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling. It was released in 2013 and is a drama.
It is a romance novel. Are you interested in any of her books?
Any time! Enjoy!
I liked him in The Pacifier, which is a crime fiction film. Do you like action movies?
Yes it is. It is on Comedy Central. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a Crime Fiction? I've heard it's very good?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie
Yes, some similar books are Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School is Falling Down.
Little House on the Prairies was written by Jean M. Auel. She also wrote Little House on the Prairie
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister. Do you like her?
No, I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
I didn't know that. But that's still a fact, I did not know that.
I think so. The Lost Symbol is definitely one of the best sellers list. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't have any idea about that. Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. If you like his movies, you should check out The Da Vinci Code. It is a thriller.
He produced The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Sure, have you watch The Da Vinci Code or The Lost Symbol? They are very good dramas
You're welcome
Yes, I do! He starred in Unbound Captives, which is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a thriller. Similar to X-Men: First Class.
Sure, you might like White House Down, or X-Men.
Yes, he's a great actor! He was also in X-Men: First Class.
Sure, he wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a fiction book. It was released in 1891
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Riordan wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of these?
He wrote Seven Pounds, The Selfish Gene and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a wonderful day.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Zoolander. He's a great comedy as well.
I think you will enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Ok, you might like World Without End, The Time Traveler's Wife, or The Bone Collector.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and was written by Ernest Hemingway.
You are welcome.
Did you know that that was written by Nicolas Sparks?
Sure, The Wedding Planner and The Wedding Date are two of his books.
Well, The Wedding Planner is another one of his books.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a popular book that became movies.
Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
Its a romantic comedy starring Nicholas Cage and Kate Beckinsale.
Your welcome.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a romance novel like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
I'm always happy to help!
He is a cricket player and was in Hook Ya Crook, have you seen it?
That is true, do you typically like sports?
Sorry, I don't have access to that information. Something else I can help with?
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre?
There are so many! The Hobbit series is a children's literature that you might like.
I don't know any autobiographies by Quentin Blake but it is the book is categorized as Speculative Fiction.
You are very welcome!
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like detective or mystery type books?
Sure! Do you like movies in the same genre or the actors?
Sure, he also starred in Valkyrie and The Skeleton Keys.
Sure, some names you may recognize are Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and Thor.
You're very welcome
There are different movies directed by Diana Wynne Jones, and it is starring Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Joe Johnston wrote The Wolverine which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
You might also like The Transporter starring Chris Evans.
Yes he did. He was also in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She wrote The Talented Mr. & Mrs. Smith Gould.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2010 and is a mystery genre.
It was released in 2010. You might want to check it out.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
It is a Crime Fiction novel. Have you read it?
Sure! Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams, Josh Hutcherson, and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Goonies.
You're welcome.
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote New Moon: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, and Eclipse: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Would you like to read it?
They turned into a movie as well. It's a pretty good series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It's a good one. Seven Psychopaths stars Sean Pertwee and Scott Bakula
You're welcome
Sure. Did you like the book because it was written by Billie Letts or because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a novel that also appears to be written by Lauren Oliver.
Sure, enjoy!
Enjoy!
I know he's a professional golfer from Murrieta. I don't follow golf too closely. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Golf, but I've seen Adam Sandler in that movie too.
Yes and Julie Bowen wrote a version of the movie too. She starred in a lot of TV shows
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were both in the movie. Do you like them?
It is considered a action and adventure film.
The 5th Wave is a Thriller released in 2013 written by Rick Yancey.
It was released in 2016 as a sci-fi film. It's starring Kristen Stewart and Steve Buscemi.
I also like books with the same genre. I also like Vespers Rising and The Last Star.
Sure! The Last Star is a good one with a lot of suspense. I recommend it.
Sure! You're welcome.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
I did like her in the movie, Valentine's Day with Anne Hathaway. She did a great job in that movie.
I actually didn't know she was in a movie, I'm not sure about her but I did see she was in a movie as well.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Ryan Reynolds too.
Ted is a great movie. If you like Ryan Reynolds, he also starred in Wolverine.
Excellent. I'm glad I could help.
Me, too! He's one of my favorites. My favorite song of his is Never Let You Go.
I like the song Love Yourself, would you like to hear it?
Yes, he is a great singer and a model too.
Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayden Christensen?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the X-Men
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did, would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1595. It was also made into a movie.
It sure was. Another good book is Notre Dame de Paris, have you read it?
Cool, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in There Will Be Blood starring Paul F.C.
I am not a big fan of her music. I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. How about you?
I haven't heard any of his music but I have heard he's signed with Def Jam Records, I think I'll listen to it now.
Yea, he is also a lyricist as well as Rhythm and Blues and Blues. Those are similar to this band.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Bobby and Paul is a romantic comedy. He also stars in What Happens in Vegas.
Sure, that's a great film. Matt Damon and Bobby Fischer also starred in it. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
I actually don't follow football much I'm not sure. I just know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I hope they do, they're still a pretty good team.
I do! Isaiah Thomas was a professional basketball player.
I didn't know where he was with the Denver Nuggets. I haven't watched a lot of games.
Space Jam was a great one! I also liked Space Jam a lot.
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is a very good read. Have you read it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 1595
Ok glad to be of help
She is a tennis player. She is from Constanta and has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I think they do win a lot of games, but i don't follow them a whole lot. How about you?
Yes, Venus has lost a lot of matches against her sister Serena and Venus. Do you like her?
I don't really follow football much, did you know Jim Caldwell owns the team?
He coached the New England Patriots before, he was a quarterback.
It was Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a star in The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was a thriller that was released in 1886.
You might like The Skeleton Key or The Last Airbender.
It's starring Robert Pattinson and Liam Neeson.
I'll put it on right now.
Yes, there was a movie based on both of the Harry Potter books. Would you like to know more about the book?
The movie was written by J.K. Rowling, and directed by Steve Oedekerk.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote House of Seven Gables, which is an autobiographical novel.
Its a suspense movie. It's a self help book.
Your welcome.
Yes, it was written by Fountainhead. Are you interested in Novels?
Yes, she did write We the Living. Besides being a writer, she also wrote The Fountainhead, have you read that one?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
There are a number of books written by Bram Stoker, including Winters Tale, The Time of My Live, and The Invisible Man.
It was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more of his books?
He is also a professor, and he was born in Los Angeles
Sure, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Absolutely, it's a romance novel and its more of a Drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the book!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman starring William Windom
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you like crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I have seen The Godfather Part II.
I see, I'm not sure about that one.
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he starred in The Godfather Part II.
I see, it is a thriller. Tomorrow Never Dies stars Brad Pitt and Jake Gyllenhaal
No problem!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Perhaps you'd like Romeo and Juliet or Taming of the Shrew.
It was written in English.
He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order.
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Dashner and also stars Brian Thompson.
Woody Allen also starred in the film.
Liam Neeson also starred in Harrison Ford
you are welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter starred Jason Statham and Kevin Corrigan.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. It was directed by Martin McDonagh.
I agree. He's won the Bravo Award.
I watch a lot of basketball. I don't really follow the sport. Do you have a favorite player?
Wilson Chandler so he's such a great player! I haven't watched a lot of games. My husband likes to watch a lot of basketball.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. There are a few Alien movies. Have you seen them all?
Yes he is, he is the program creator for the movie Righteous Kill.
He actually does not produce anything by Pittacus Lore, he also wrote a version of the original.
Sure! Enjoy.
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she wrote The Rosie Project and it was released in 2013.
Yes, it is. Do you like sci-fi?
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Robert De Niro also starred in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is another great movie.
He also Produced The Last Summer and The Talented Mr. Ripley.
It was written by Steven Spielberg. Anything else i can help with?
Yes, he's a really good actor. I like him in Shrek 2. Do you like him?
It was a romantic comedy. He was also in No Country for Old Men.
I'm not sure if he's friends with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he's a celebrity.
Sure, do you like books wirtten by J.D. Salinger?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was J. D. Salinger. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and has won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and The Presidential Medal of Freedom.
You're welcome!
Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was. The Shadowhunter's Codex was also written by her.
No problem! Enjoy.
I'm actually not a fan of the Yankees. They're in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
That's right, he owns the Yankees.
I'm not sure of that fact. Did you know George Steinbrenner was born in Houston, Massachusetts?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, I know he's a composer and a musician.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think about Saina Nehwal? I've seen a couple of games including the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ok, West Europe is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I haven't seen it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction, and adventure film. Is that the genre you like?
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It was released in 2012. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
She was also in Wonderland, have you seen that one?
ok
Gillian wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects. I don't know about Gillian Flynn. What is some of her work?
It is a fiction book
Yes, he also wrote Defending Jacob.
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which has great reviews
Have you heard of What Lies Beneath? It is a Psychological Thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy?
Then you might like Zombieland, it is a great comedy.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
It is a great movie. If you like thrillers, you should check out The Marvellous Land of Oz. It is also a part of the Wizard of Oz series.
Would you like to add it to your queue?
You're very welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a romance film. Some similar movies are Nineteen Eighty-Four and Little Miss Sunshine.
It was released in 1999 and is a Romance/Comedy. It's also a movie.
You're welcome!
I haven't read it but I hear its wonderful. The book is written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
I have not read it. Do you like that genre?
Yes I have. Ape House is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I will add it to your reading list.
What do you think about it?
Great, have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know any other of his work, but I do know Jamie McGuire starred in Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2016
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in The Fault in Our Stars
She was in Walk the Line which was a biopic about Johnny Cash, as well as Self/less and After.
Sean Connery was also in Walk the Line.
It also starred Noel Guglliet.
Yes he is. He wrote The Dark Knight Rises, The Postal Service and The Shield. Have you read any of those ?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't really know much about the Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers player?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote a number of novels. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
Zodiac was released in 1991.
It also stars Michael Rispoli and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 2004.
Marion Zimmer Bradley has written The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
The genre of this book is Fantasy. Would you like to know more about Marion Zimmer Bradley?
The author is Frank Beddor. The genre of the book is actually part of a series.
You're welcome!
John Ratzenberger wrote The Messenger which is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
That's great! Bill Murray and Chris Hemsworth also starred in it.
It's considered a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. Would you like to know more about this novel?
Yes, it is a Comedy-drama. Is that of interest?
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels is a famous actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2007. Would you like to read it?
Yes it is. Wicked Appetite was also released that year.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he was, along with Yvonne Zima and Jennifer Lawrence.
Did you mean the actor who starred in Leo Tolstoy?
Sure, he starred in The Dark Knight Rises and The Empire Strikes Back.
I'm afraid I don't know any other other movies but I do know Leo has starred in a lot of action type movies like The Lost Symbol and The Road.
Lukas Haas starred in The Lost Symbol and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
They both starred in The Exorcist and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Joel Coen, it is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you read it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is a great read.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies!
Yes, it's a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she sang Call Me Maybe and We Found Love. Are you familiar with those?
I have only heard about her in a lot of songs. I'm not very familiar with her though.
No problem!
Yes, he is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Some of the players include Yuvraj Singh and Vincente del Bosque.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he is also from Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You
If you like comedy films, you should watch Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
Jim Carrey also starred in I Spy. I haven't seen it already.
Happy to help!
Yes he plays basketball. He's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if he's again. He's a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
I do, actually! I'm not much of a basketball fan either.
Sure! Lois Lowry, it was written by Lois Lowry. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, she wrote Number the Stars in the Speculative Fiction genre.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits and The Witches of Blackbird Pond.
Well it's now a book, so I'll add it to your watch list.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to read it now?
You're welcome
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars is a novel. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
Sure, it was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
It's an action film. If you like that genre, it's the next book in the series.
I hope you enjoy!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it was. That's the same year that The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Great Book of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome!
OK, enjoy!
Sure. She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All of which are very good movies!
That's also a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a highly rated movie!
Yes, she was in that. That's a great film. I think you'll enjoy it.
Shark Night is a crime fiction.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those ?
It's a non fiction book. It was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released the same year. That was also the year Zulu was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know that she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I don't know that, but I've heard she's a pretty good actor. Do you like her music?
Yes, she starred in Gone Baby Gone. That was a great movie.
Robin Williams starred in The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and the Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen any of them?
Yes it is, do you want to know anything else about the movie?
Yes, Lelie Dixon also starred in The Station Agent, which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
Enjoy the movie!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Tony Gilroy or because it starred Matt Damon?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Matt Damon are in Fair Game. Do you like them?
Sure, you might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Sure, The movie version was released in 2008 and is based on the book The Crucible.
Sure, have you seen The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle or The Importance of Being Earnest? They are very popular.
Yes, I can. The Return of the Native is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player but I'm not a fan of him.
He is a point guard. Do you like him?
I don't know a whole lot. But, I know he played for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He's one of the best point guards of all time.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and The Lies of Locke Lamora. Have you seen these?
Mary is a genre Crime Fiction
Your welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to hear more?
He wrote the Matrix Revisited.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allengiant stars in Flightplan, which is a sci-fi, and comedy film.
It is an action movie that was released in 2010 and stars Naomi Watts.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
Yes, it starred Alicia Vikander and Michael Fassbender.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American screenwriter and he wrote The Bounty Hunter. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Bounty Hunter which is a romantic comedy.
Fool's Gold is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Yes he did, he played the role of Fool's Gold as well as he was the executive producer.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information about the book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
you're welcome
Yes, that movie is a good film. Do you like it because of its genre?
Sure, If you like Taxi Driver, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Enjoy!
I know that he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team, but that's it. What can you tell me about him?
Yes he did. Liverpool is also a winger.
Yes he is. Do you follow any other sports he plays?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. The Patriots compete in the Super Bowl XLI.
They were written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know more about them?
Thanks for letting me know.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, it was written by Roman Coppola and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The movie is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Jake Gyllenhaal.
No problem. What else can I do for you?
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more?
That is a great story. If you enjoy reading it, you should give it a try.
It's a drama that was released in 1945.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and The City of Ember.
It stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Ponyo.
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I am not really sure about that. I do know that Ma Long is a table tennis player from China.
2004. It was a place to visit. Have you been there?
I can't remember when they came out, but I do know they're owned by Magic Johnson.
I am not a huge fan but I do know the team is owned by Steve Tisch and John York. Do you like them?
I am not a huge fan but I do know they are owned by The Dallas Cowboys.
I know a little bit about them. I'm not much of a fan of soccer, but I do know they're coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a fan of soccer. I prefer American Football.
I'm a huge Dallas Cowboys fan. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy isn't it, but it was written by John Lennon
Yeah, i'm not sure about that. But I do know it was written by Steve Coelho and Nicole Kidman.
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote In Her Shoes. Are you a fan of that genre?
That is a great book, she also wrote The Pursuit of Happyness.
Okay, I think you'd enjoy her movies. She also wrote In Her Shoes a comedy.
Have a great day!
Great, and she also produces some shows as well.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, it is written by Dean Koontz and stars Morgan Freeman. Are you interested in his movies?
Dean Koontz also wrote Angels & Demons which is also a thriller. It's also a suspense film.
Worth Dying For is written by Robert Zemeckis. It's a Thriller and was released in 1988.
She wrote many books, including Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and City of Bones.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. It's a historical novel.
Yes, it stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. It's a great comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, There Be Dragons and The Statement are excellent Historical period dramas.
Then you might like You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail. Do those sound good?
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
You might enjoy Winter's Tale or The Giver.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes. I believe she also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you read that one yet?
It's genre is historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend The Mystery of the Blue Train by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it also is a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
I see. Both Ralph Fiennes and Mirna Richardson starred in Mirnan's Garden.
He directed, directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is a Thriller starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a horror film. Would you like to know more about it?
You might also enjoy the War film X-Men 2. It is also a war film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Madagascar has produced a couple of movies written by Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like his work?
Darnell is a director, producer, and he produced Madagascar which is an animated film. He also directed Madagascar if you like that genre.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a great one he directed.
I think Scott Pilgrim starred in a lot of TV shows, but he's not only a director, but he did write and directed The Worlds End.
I'm not sure Shaun of the Dead is starring Zoey Deutch and Ed Harris who also directed Shaun of the Dead
I'm sure you will enjoy
Did you know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
He is a basketball player, actually he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
Yes, he is the point guard for the Seattle Seahawks in the league right.
Sure! A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player, do you like him?
I don't have any information on that. What sport do you like?
That's really cool, I didn't know that. I know he was from Oxford, and was born in Lyon.
I'm not sure. I hope that's what you'd like to learn more about.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman wrote the book Elliot. Do you like his work?
It is considered children's literature, and was released in 1936.
Anytime! Enjoy!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is a crime fiction, written by Gary Scott Thompson.
Yes, he's been in several of his movies. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't know if he passed, but he was in The Fast and the Furious 2.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
It's a Comedy. It also stars Peter Krause and Jed Brophy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
No I haven't. I think I have heard of him. He's a cricket player.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
I actually don't have any more information on that, but I can tell you that Fannie Flagg also wrote a book called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I am sorry, I don't have any information on any of the recommendations.
Sure, no problem!
That's a great film. It was written by Joel Cohen and is a great animated movie. Have you seen it?
He's a great actor. He starred in Toy Story 3 and he is an animated film.
Sure, In the mood for love. It is also a book written by Jeanne Moreau
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Sounds like a great psychological thrillers you might like. Where Rainbows End or The Time Traveler's Wife are some good ones.
I'm not sure who starred in Wicker Park, but I do know it was directed by Christopher Nolan who also directed Superman Returns.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
Yes, you are correct. I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It's part of a series. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Sea of Monsters. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, The Lost Hero is a young-adult fiction novel by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich. Do you like soccer?
I think he's with Germany as a midfielder.
I don't know much about him either.
not really. I am a huge fan of the New England Patriots. are you?
oh ok well I'm not much of a fan either. are you?
I agree. I think Vanessa Redgrave also starred in that movie.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is famous for writing the T.V Drama show called The Secret Life of Bees, it is also a screenplay by Kylie Scott
No problem, enjoy!
I do! It was written by Oren Aviv and is a Fantasy. Do you like like genres?
Yes that is a great family movie. Are you a Warrior fan?
Yes that is a great movie. Then you might also like Without Fail by Lee Child.
Sure thing!
Enjoy!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Children's Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
The Secret River is a novel by John Steinbeck, it's about a boy who goes searching for his life after the end of the Great Depression.
I know a little about her. She was born in London and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
It was directed by Vincent Pastore and produced by Ben Stiller. Do you like football?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Soccer fan myself.
I'm not sure. However, I know they play in London.
I don't really follow football much but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Michael Higgins wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, have you read that one?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he also wrote The Hero of Ages, The Hero of Ages, and The Other Boleyn Girl
Yes they were, which is the same year The Hero of Ages was released
Cool, enjoy!
It's a crime fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr.
Sure, he's also in Zodiac as well! That is a crime Thriller with Robert Downey Jr.. Jake Gyllenhaal and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Okay, a couple of my favorites are The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Captain America: The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2.
I believe it is a Thriller/Sci-fi film.
I like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You are welcome!
That's a good thriller. He also starred in Unbreakable. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I would also recommend X-Men The Last Stand and X-Men 2.
Can I help you with anything else?
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Adventures of Doctor Parnassus is the only film I have ever seen it before.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama, do you like this genre?
Have you read The Notebook or The Time Traveler's Wife? The Notebook is really good.
The Wedding was released in 1999 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like that kind of book?
Yes, Zane Grey is a woman influenced by her husband Zane Grey
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 and is a romance film.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear because it was also a Historical novel?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen it?
Yes this movie is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is a fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Glad I could help!
Do you like the author Gillian Flynn or the genre Young-adult fiction?
Sure, The Scar is a novel written by J.R.R Tolkien, it is a fiction novel and was released in 2000.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer, and released in 2011.
Sure, he also directed The Theory of Everything. Do you like dramas?
The King was released in 1999 and is a drama, and the genre is starring Mike White.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to see it?
I don't have any more suggestions about movies he's in but he was in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted.
He was in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Have you read any of his books?
Brave was directed by Dave Pelzer. Would you like a specific genre?
The Edge of Tomorrow is a great one for kids. It's a family movie.
Great, enjoy!
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
I am not familiar with that sport. Do you follow soccer?
Yes and Luis he also plays for the Spanish national team too
Yes he wrote the Dark Knight, have you read that one?
Yes. To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are a couple good ones.
It stars Janet Jackson and Jason Bateman.
Sure thing!
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, I'm not a big fan but I've heard a lot about it.
It's not playing it right now. I do know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and many other titles.
Yes it was. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I am not sure of the exact date. Can I help you with anything else?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Simon Elkeles starred in Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction.
I don't sure about that. However, Simone Elkeles wrote a book in English including Rules of Attraction.
Yes, I agree that she writes a lot of interesting books. Then I think you'll enjoy Perfect Chemistry.
Harold Ramis wrote, Written, and directed Stripes. Do you like his movies?
Since you like comedies, you may want to try Undead and Unwed, another comedy.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson.
Sure. Similar books in that genre include X-Men, The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and The Human Stain.
He wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy for more of his life.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy novel.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he wrote True Believer and The Wedding Song.
It is called True Believer and it was released in 2003
It is a Crime Fiction Film.
No problem!
Yeah, it's a great movie. It was written by David Benioff. What else can I answer for you?
I don't really know much about him, but I'm sure he's from Pennsylvania. He's a great player.
Yeah, I'll have to check out them once.
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, you're right. Slumdog Millionaire was an indie film.
Do you like horror films like Slumdog Millionaire? I think you'd like that.
Sure. The Grand Sophy, The Giving Tree, The Confession, The Autograph Man are a few similar books
Yes Go Set a Watchman was written by Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he is a Swedish professional footballer.
Yes, I have heard of Venus and Serena Williams, it is a tennis player.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes she is. I love her song Give Your Heart a Break.
Sure, there's also Unknown Woman on Top, which is a TV series.
Yvonne Zima starred in Kick Ass.
It is a really good Drama. Nicolas Cage also starred in a thriller called Lord of War.
It was released in 2007.
Nicolas Cage starred in a romance called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He is the first actor in Nicolas Cage.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a lyricist. I like him a lot.
That would be great to know. I'm not sure of the exact year that he is. I think he is a musician as well.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
Sure, Denzel Washington has starred in a lot of TV shows, including The Sorcerer's Apprentice and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
It's an excellent choice. It's a romance about an extraterrestrian who should be enemies.
Great, enjoy!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course. Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Missing. It's a very good thriller.
Unfortunately, I don't have much information on anything else. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
The Great Gathersby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a Mystery. Do you like the genre or the author?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information at the moment.
I would recommend A Christmas Carol if you like fiction.
OK.
Sure, it is written by Mark Twain, and is a family genre. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is also a book written by Sawyer, are you a fan of this genre?
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento, have you read those books>
Sure. It was released in 1958 and is in the English language. Would you like to read it?
That's great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure!
Of course, she's 29 years old. She starred in The Muppets with Will Smith.
It was released March 26, 2010
I do not know, but i do know her daughter starred in the Muppets.
I am not sure but she is the real name of her sister Serena
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about him, I'm not a big fan of his. One of the best quarterbacks in the league.
Of course, enjoy!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I would recommend The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues. Both are great books.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Absolutely! Richelle Mead also wrote Paper Towns, which is also considered a historical novel.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you familiar with this author?
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver.
The Giver is a genre Speculative Fiction.
Christopher Bigsby is from the United Kingdom. Do you like the author or genre?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
His most popular work is to be Transformers. Have you seen that one? It's a Romantic Comedy & Speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but I know she starred in Twilight. That's also a good film.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure! It was released in 1994 and stars Samuel L. Jackson and Chris O'Donnell. It is a really good movie.
He's also a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote the Tales of Beedle the Bard, which is a Romance film.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, Silent Hill came out in 2008
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Oh, I love all of her music. Is there a specific album I should listen to?
I'm not sure, but it's been a while since I've seen her record label with Taylor Swift!
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1977 and was also made into a movie.
The House is a TV series by Colleen McCullough.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
It was released in 1997
also starred Virginia Madsen and Michael Byrne
enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, a speculative fiction book. Do you like this genre?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is from Canada.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie. He stars in The Muse which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I do! The Muse is a great Comedy. It is also starring Joe Pesci.
Enjoy!
Yes, I can! Despicable Me 2 is starring Steve Carell and Zach Galifianakis. It's a great movie, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Steve Carell starred in I Spy Next Door as well. Have you seen it?
Sure, Zach Galifianakis is in Zookeeper.
Wilson Rawls wrote a number of novels. He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Man in the High Castle. Are you familiar with those?
Susan Meissner wrote a series called The Last Colony. It is a historical novel. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson also starred in that as well. It is a very good movie.
You are welcome!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles then Tom Brady won the Patriots.
He also played for the New England Patriots.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil. Do you like that genre?
I have The Black Dahlia and You've Got Mail. They're all comic books, have you seen any of them?
I've heard that The Postman is a great movie. I think you may like it because it's a fantasy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2002 and stars Jennifer Garner. Do you like her movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a great movie. It was written by Chris Columbus.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Gremlins is written by J.K. Rowling and the genre is Thriller.
You are welcome!
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. Is he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I'm not sure if he's in it either. He's also a voice actor for the Golden State Warriors.
Space Jam was a great movie. It also stars Danny DeVito and Kevin Durant.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science Fiction. Do you like reading these types of books?
You're welcome, have fun reading!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. The coach is John Fox.
It is a packer. He is also a quarterback.
I like Basketball , but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it was actually written by Robert Duvall and starred Harrison Ford.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is also an athlete, a former world No. 1 in singles. He currently plays for Snowboarding.
I dont think so. He did star in those games as well. Do you know of any other athletes?
He was also in Wag the Dog. Have you seen that one?
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked the X-Men series, you might enjoy The Matrix series. Have you seen any of these?
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Nick Cassavetes and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
My pleasure. Hope you enjoy!
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow any sports ?
I have not seen that one. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, I haven't read Last Sacrifice, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction, urban fantasy, and young adult fiction. Which genre do you prefer?
I believe it is and Richelle Mead wrote the book Vampire Academy
I'm not sure of that but I know Spirit Bound is a Mystery
Your welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction? I would recommend The Giver.
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, Gone Baby Gone is a great book. It is also a crime fiction and was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a fan of that author?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books by him.
Go Set a Watchman is a great children's book. It is a fantasy.
Yes, White Fang is a young-adult fiction book.
He also wrote Cars with Shelley Duvall.
You're welcome!
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I'm not sure of the title. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
I don't have any more information on a novel but Elizabeth Kostova has written a whole series. The Historian, The Swan Thieves, and The Historian.
I don't have any information on a book but I can tell you Elizabeth Kostova is a great writer.
You're welcome
Have you read A Little Princess? It's a great book.
Yes, the book is in the same genre, along with Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes it is, you should check it out!
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
He was the New England Patriots. I don't know much about him.
That's true. The Greek Freaks had a good chance to win the Nets.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great book.
Yes, Linkin Park is still a book together. I'm not sure of the name but I do know they were written by the same author
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Post-Apocalyptic fiction is a good one. Have you read this one yet?
I'm not sure who wrote The Road but The Way Station was written by Hayao Miyazaki.
He normally does Tragedy.
Yes he does, he writes science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen that one?
It is considered a historical period drama as well as a comedy. You might also like The Cast Away.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Secret Place, which is a Romance Novel. Do you like her work?
Yes, she also created her on Saturday night live. Do you like Saturday night live?
I'm not usually a fan of the show, but I did hear that Parks and Recreation was a comedy too.
I'm not sure, but it was produced by Toni Morrison
Yes, you're right.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I'm not sure of the author, but I know he's from Washington DC.
Yeah. She was from Washington DC. Yeah, she was also a writer and a model.
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends.
Yeah, she isn't too much of a fan of hers. I liked her when she won the Grammy for Best Original Song.
Wow, that's awesome. I like Yellow Submarine too. I know that he's a composer and a musician, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. It was released in the year 2001. Would you like to know more about it?
It was. It was written by Sarah Dessen, and it was released in 1997.
No problem!
Ray Bradbury is an American writer, known for writing The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of this book?
Yes, it's genre is Children's Literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he directed Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses.
It stars James Ransone and Tempestt Bledsoe. Do you like those actors?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
Really, I'm not sure. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like titles similar to Total Recall?
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote The Terminator, Predator, and Total Recall have you seen any of these?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the position of forward.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Ella Enchanted is a Speculative fiction and it is written by Gail Carson Levine
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking was in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know anything else?
I am not too sure when it was published but I do know it was adapted into a book of the same name.
I am not sure about that but I do know that it is a sci-fi novel.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was. It's a crime fiction.
I haven't. Do you like that genre? I'm not sure.
Sure! Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Fiction Novella.
The Portable Atheist was a book. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It's in the English Language.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan.
It was released in 1904.
J.M. Barrie also wrote a short story called The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
It was originally written in English, but was released in 1904.
You're welcome!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you familiar with either?
It's considered a romantic comedy. If you like romance, I suggest Wuthering Heights.
Sure! I hope you enjoy them both!
Sure, he wrote a modern version of David Copperfield. Are you a fan of his?
Charles Dickens was a great author who wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series.
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
I would say it is more of a fantasy.
You're welcome! I'm sorry I don't have anything else.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. Do you like tennis? She has a sister named Serena Williams?
That's amazing! Can I help with anything else?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Are you a fan?
Oh, I'm not really sure. He's a point guard.
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Magicians is a book in the same genre
Your welcome have a good day.
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Donovan. It was directed by Tate Donovan.
Yes, she did. She is a great actress. She also starred in The Help.
Viola was also in Selena Gomez which was also turned into a movie.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Phantom Tollbooth which also starred Ian McKellen.
Yes, he did direct that too. Would you like to hear about Joseph Kosinski?
Yes, he did! He is such a talented man.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, do you like Pat Conroy because he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I don't know. Who wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins.
Flannery O'Conner wrote a book called Saints and Soldiers. It was later made into a movie.
It's a science fiction.
Your welcome
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a crime/comedy film.
Yes, Robert Duvall also starred in it. It's a great Thriller.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
You are welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now. Can I tell you more about her?
Some of her books include Where Rainbows End and When the Wind Blows. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in RoboCop . It's a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime movies?
RoboCop he also wrote the book The Last Stand.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy film released in 1979.
Are you welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a great drama film.
You're welcome. It's a Romantic Comedy.
Definitely! Undertow is written by Issa Milano, and a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I'm not sure Pat Healy but you might also like Patch Adams and Al Pacino.
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen any of the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Chris Weitz and is a great family movie.
Glad to be of help!
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did. If you liked Public Enemies, you might also like The Proposal.
Sure! I think you will enjoy Enjoy!
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like titles similar to Total Recall?
Tim Russo and Johnny Depp are in that movie.
Sean Harris also starred in The Usual Suspects.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League baseball team owned by John York and John York.
Ok. Are you a fan of the Giants?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure. She was also in Green Zone which is a Crime Fiction film.
Yes, it was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Yes! He is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's from China. I'm not sure if he's from China.
Yes it is! He played in He's a great actor.
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a great book. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a fantasy novel. He also wrote The Prince and the Pauper series.
You're welcome
Yes, there are similar books, such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
many popular novels are Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice.
Its a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October and the movie is written by Tom Clancy. Would you like to know more about this book?
It appears to be released in the same year. The release date is June Carter.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper. That's a great movie
Yes, and Owen Wilson also starred in Zoolander. And he was hilarious in that movie.
Yes, he did. If you like Luke Wilson, you should check out The Royal Tenenbaums.
Great, enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of her music but I have seen her in a few movies like Crossroads and Crossroads.
Yes, she was married to Sean Penn years ago. Isn't she a celebrity?
I have seen him in a lot of movies. I like Black Snake Moan too. Have you seen it?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
It's a drama, released in 2012. I don't have any more information on it.
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy. I think you would enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 1999. Would you like to watch it now?
Great actor Will Ferrell and Christopher Walken were also in The Towering Inferno.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. He also wrote The Importance of Being Earnest and The Golden Compass.
Kate Beckinsale is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Charles Dickens
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Judy Garland
Yes, that is correct
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is written by Zo Bell
Yes, I think he's a great player. He plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't know much about him.
I'm really not sure about that. Is he a football player?
Yes, Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. I love his music.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also wrote and starred in the movie Larry Crowne
Would you like to know about movies starring Harrison Ford?
Sure. Enjoy!
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like Thrillers?
Stephen Chbosky was in it. Do you like his movies?
Yes she was. Emma Watson starred in it as well.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Nicholas Cage starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes. It's written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise also stars in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spanish national team.
I don't really follow football, but I do know that Magic Johnson owns the Dodgers.
Yes they do. They are a goof team in the Astrodome.
That is correct. The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Lennon.
Yes, the world series they play a lot of events.
Oh I love Meryl Streep movies. She's a wonderful actress. How about you?
Then you might like Aline Brosh McKenna. They are great Speculative fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in an action film called The Phantom. He also starred in Scanners, which is a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in it as well. Do you like his movies?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Tony Cox and Emilio Estevez. I think you'd like it!
William Friedkin directed the Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It's a romantic comedy. Would you like to watch it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for Thrillers.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth, which is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, The Good Guy is in Black-and-White.
No problem, enjoy!
They're a great NBA team. Do you follow the sport?
I like Basketball. I also like the Denver Broncos.
I love tennis, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a big cast. It's considered a drama, a historical period drama, as well as a comedy.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Yes she is a tennis player. She lost to Sarena Wiliams. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is No. 1 in the WTA Tour.
You are welcome, have a wonderful day.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on him.
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Wildest Dream and The King's Speech. Have you seen either of those?
Absolutely, he has also written a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. I think you'll enjoy those.
The genre is Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like either of those genres?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is Fantasy it is also a children's literature
Yes, The Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fiction, it is also part of a series followed by Twenties Girl
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't know much about him, I'm not sure who he is a coach
I agree. He's a very good coach.
yes, he is a football player. do you like him?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I agree. He's quite good as well.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney, Jeff Kinney, and Jeff Kinney, or other books written by him?
I unfortunately don't have any romantic comedy at this moment.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film and drama written by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of that genre?
I don't have any information on what else he wrote, but he directed and produced The Passion of the Christ.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, enjoy!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, that was released in 2011.
Sure, it was written by Cecelia Ahern and its actually a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction.
Do you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone because it is written by J.K. Rowling?
Cool, it is written by Steve Oedekerk and starred Chris Weitz.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
It also stars Tom Everett Scott, Rita Wilson and Tom Everett Scott.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her music. She composed Titanium. Are you familiar with her work?
I don't have a favorite singer. I think Shakira is really talented. She's a pretty good singer.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a great performer! Did you know he composed for Dog Day Afternoon, but he's also a model!
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and The Incredible Hulk.
I am not sure about that. I do know it was written by Jean-Marc Vallee and was released in 2002.
Not really. I am a Danish tennis fan, but I do know that she is dating Rory McIlroy. Do you like her?
Yes, Venus Williams is very talented. My favorite tennis player is Venus Williams
Yes, I agree!
I think Mike Woodson is an excellent player, so I'm not sure. I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
Oh, ok. He used to play for the New York Knicks in the 1980s.
I did not know that! I love that movie too!
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
Not really, I am a huge fan of Matt Damon. I prefer American football. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a big fan?
It is a great movie by Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I would say Tragicomedy
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure. It was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The book is horror. Would you like to read it?
Sure, enjoy!
Oh yes! That's a great book written by Mickey Knox.
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West is directed by Stuart M. Kaminsky and is also a comedy. It's a great choice.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is actually a great action film, actually. It's starring Benedict Cumberbatch as well and was released in 1966.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. It is a sci-fi thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate might be a great drama.
The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American suspense thriller film directed by Paul Scheider, and was released in 1960.
Yes, the original version was released in 1958.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Yes, he's also a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3.
I think they are a really good team, what do you think about him?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
Well, from what I've heard, the tennis players were very good at the moment.
Do you like Sylvia Day because she writes a lot of books. She wrote The Words, One with Two?
It is a self help book.
You're welcome
Rob Riggle has starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Would you like more information about Rob Riggle?
I don't know what type of song she sing. Is she a singer?
Do you have a favorite song?
I haven't heard of Sia Furler, but I heard she's a good singer. I like Sia, too. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough.
I haven't heard of Lyra yet, I will check it out!
Isn't he that cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you follow the sport?
What sport do you like?
Yes, you are right. Hayden Panettiere actually starred in Scream 4.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in District 9, which is a science fiction film.
Yes, that movie was a great movie. Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it, too.
That's right, it was released in 1989.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might like The Wolfman.
You might like The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. It's a fantasy that also stars Aidan Turner.
It's a drama/mystery movie released in 2002. It was directed by James Cameron. Do you like him?
Yes he is. Kevin Zegers also starred in the Sci-Fi film Zoom.
You're welcome!
I don't have any information on Can You Keep a Secret. It was released in 2003 and was written by Sophie Kinsella.
She also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
Emma Corrigan starred in The Wedding Date too. It's a romantic comedy
Would you like to add it to your list?
Sure. Have a great day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the India national team.
I've been a fan my whole life but I'm not much of a fan of sports.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has other books similar to Sharp Objects, but I can recommend some other titles similar to Sharp Objects such as Sharp Objects.
I'm not sure , but it was released in 2014.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like those types of movies?
It also starred Michael Stahl-David. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Yes, I love the Giants! I've been to the World Series a while ago. Who is your favorite team?
Its really cool. I've seen it once. It's a great place for sure.
That's a good one! I really liked him when he was a quarterback.
It came out in 2013, but I didn't know that!
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down released in 1989 have you heard of that book?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not a big golf fan but I have seen him in the 2010 Masters Tournament. Who's your favorite?
He is a golfer from India. He is a great player. Did you know Phil won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Yes, it was. I highly recommend it.
Great! I think you'll enjoy Zoo!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
I'm not sure of the year but I can tell you The Time Machine was released in 1967.
No, I have not seen it yet. Is it the book written by Harold Ramis?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes Man was released in 2012 and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it.
I think he is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, Willie Green is indeed a great shooting guard as well as a shooting guard.
You're welcome!
I love the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a fan?
Baseball is the most popular sport in the American League. When was the Yankees playing the New York Yankees?
The genre is Thriller, have you seen it? It's a great movie.
oh really what kind of movie do you like? Michael Caine and Johnny Depp. Do you like thrillers?
I can't think of any of his recent movies. He's been in a lot of things including Unforgiven and The Stepford Wives.
Is that a soccer team?
Yes, they're owned by Greg Schiano. Do you think he's any good businessman?
Do you know who owns the Buccaneers?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
He also starred in The Expendables and The House of Mirth. Have you seen either of those?
Creed is a romance movie, it stars Kate Beckinsale and Emily Blunt.
Your welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
Yes, The Great Train Robbery is a Speculative Fiction, and was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
I don't know. It's a drama directed by the same director, who directed the movie Troy.
I don't have that information, but it is directed by David Ayer
I don't have any information on any other movies he's done
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Well, there's Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Would you like to purchase it?
The Time Machine was actually written by H.G. Wells and David Eddings, who also wrote War of the Worlds.
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like this genre?
Cloverfield is a thriller as well. You may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I liked him in The Rules of Attraction. Did you see it?
Yes, I agree. I think they're very good.
Yes, it's a drama. Would you like to see it?
I've been a fan my whole life. I think I have seen it once.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of him?
Yup, the mascot is New York City. Do you know that?
The New Orleans Saints are also part of the NFL.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is starring Harrison Ford, Scott Rudin, and Harrison Ford.
It's a Thriller with Sean Connery, right?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read this book?
I don't have any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I agree.
I like science fiction as well.
Great, enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about Cricket but I think Virat Kohli is from India. Do you know if he is dating Cameron Diaz?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I have not, but I've been wanting to. I'd like to. I'm not a big fan of cricket but I would love to. I like to. I'm more of a tennis fan.
You should definitely watch it! You should give it a try.
You too!
I don't know too much about them except that Leslie Alexander is the owner.
It is both. Looper is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock also stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Yes it is a zombie movie. Do you want me to add it to your list?
You might also like Warcraft. Have you watched that one?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Have you read Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure when they came out, but Im Westen nichts Neues was written by Erich Maria Remarque.
Yes, it does. I'm not sure of the download now.
My pleasure. Hope you enjoy!
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan?
She plays tennis, and was recently a former world No 1 in singles.
Yes, both Venus and her sister are great tennis players as well. Do you follow them ?
Yes I did. I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do like to watch it.
I agree. I love fashion and football as well.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
your welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre as well as Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. enjoy
I believe he wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House, have you heard of it?
He has been involved with a lot of different films. One of his most popular is Welcome to Temptation. Have you seen it?
You are David Ayer , David Ayer , Tim Robbins and Ian McKellen . Do you like them?
Sure, he starred in Truman Show and The Prestige.
No problem!
I don't know a whole lot. I know they play in the NFL, and are owned by Zygi Wilf.
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, and Bears. The Rams and Saints are 2nd in the NFC.
My husband is a big fan of the New England Patriots. How about you?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network. It's one of his most popular films.
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Jeff Bridges.
The Social Network is a biographical drama and a biography.
It was released in 2004.
2010 is the year that released The Social Network.
2010 was a great movie! Vince Vaughn and Andrew Garfield also starred in it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
I did not know that. Tobey Maguire did star in The Crazies.
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and has genres Tragicomedy and Speculative fiction.
Yes, Paolini is a young-adult fiction as well. He is listed as a Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because is written by Sarah J Maas or because it was a thriller?
Sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Yes, that is an excellent read. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, she did. It's the next book in the series. I'm not sure of anyone else she's written. Would you like to watch the series?
Yes, I have. I've read that one. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
I know she was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays Badminton. I think it was a sport similar to tennis.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she was born in Santo Domingo.
I'm not sure. However, the team was played in the India national team.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes he is a scientist, but Martin McDonagh is also a scientist
He directed Milkweed. Have you seen that one?
Robin's a great actor. Have you seen him in Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious!
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's a great family movie.
It stars Cameron Diaz, Eddie Marsan, and Cameron Crowe.
Sure, will do that right away.
I love Homer's books. Have you read the Onyx Hotel Tour? It's a classic.
Sure. Other examples would be Divergent, The Time Traveler's Wife and The Iliad.
Yes, they're both outstanding poems. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants home venue is the CenturyLink Field?
I'm not sure about that but I believe they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure, it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
She stars in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality, Two Weeks Notice and Wedding Crashers. Do you like her movies?
Sure, Oceans 8, The Blind Side, Gravity just to name a few.
Sure, have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It's a new book released in 1995.
Yes it is. Tom Clancy also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
They are in the National Basketball League and owned by Steve Ballmer. I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
The team owner is Mike Woodson
Not sure,I don't have that information.
You're Welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I couldn't find any information on Colin Farrell's movies, but I can tell you he starred in Minority Report, which is an action/adventure film. Have you seen it?
I would recommend checking out Seven Psychopaths. It is directed by Matthew McConaughey and has genre Crime Fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. They won the Super Bowl XLIII.
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Jim Caldwell are a few players.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I have not seen it. It was written by Gary Scott Thompson.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will play it for you
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure?
I think it is based on the book.
I hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know that. Is he a sport team owner?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other sports besides being on the team?
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, which is a biography. Do you like that genre?
Yea, I believe she's from a few years ago. She writes mostly poetry.
Sure, it was first published in 1851.
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, It is the End stars Lindsay Duncan and James Franco. It's a romantic comedy.
It is a comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He is a soccer player, right? I'm not much of a football fan.
Oh really? I don't know much about him except that he's a Midfielder and a forward.
Yeah that was a great drama flick!
I really liked Doctor Zhivago too! He's such a great actor. I liked him in Stuck on You, the movie!
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes he did and it's a great book. If you're interested in Vespers Rising, he also wrote Vespers Rising
The Titan's Curse, The Sea of Monsters, is a fantasy novel by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Speculative Fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Would you like to know more about her?
I do! He starred in Imagine That and produced Tyson, which is a Documentary film.
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories, and Non-fiction
I'm not sure of any romance novels, but Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
It was released in 1851
Sure, enjoy the book!
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chilean National Football team. Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Hah, I love Adam Sandler movies. Happy Gilmore is a great golfer.
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because it's a comedy.
Yes, she was. She is also in Frida too.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great, would you like to watch the movie?
Enjoy your movie!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he is from the 2012 Olympics.
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson. Chris Hemsworth starred in this movie.
Ok i'll add them to your watch list if you'd like.
He starred in some popular movies like The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
He also starred in the X-Men series Titanic. Is that one of your favorite?
He is a writer. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is a psychological thriller film that was released in 1994. It stars Brad Pitt and Eric Brees. It is a great movie.
William Lee Scott wrote and produced The Final Destination. Is there anything else I can help with?
October Sky has genre Crime Fiction. It is a film starring James Patterson who also starred in The Final Destination.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Not really, but she's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies including Crossroads.
Kevin Zegers was in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
She starred in the movie Crossroads, have you seen it?
300 is directed by him.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2001. You might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It starred Michael Byrne, Paul Walker, and Vivica A Fox.
It actually has the main actors that starred in this movie including David Opatoshu, Simon McBride and Patrick Muldoon.
Yes! It's a good series. Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was also a film.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes! If you like Jane Austen, you should check out her works. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes, he did. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2001.
Tom Cruise. Would you be interested in more of his movies?
Yes that is correct. Robert Duvall is also in that movie.
You might like World War Z with Brad Pitt or The Last Samurai.
You are welcome
I don't think that is their coach now. Is he a good player?
I like the Washington Redskins, that's really cool. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots. What is your favorite Niners's team?
Sure My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Jodi Picoult also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that.
I don't watch much soccer to be honest. Are you a fan of soccer?
I agree, it is definitely a good sport to watch.
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch and it flows better than the other countries.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, among others.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Well, you may like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah. Both are great books.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je här and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a quarterback who plays for the Saints. Do you follow football?
You're welcome!
Yes she is professional golfer. She's from Honolulu.
Yes, Michelle Wie is from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. What a title to win?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Mike Starr also starred in The Last Days of Blood & Starr.
Sure. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
I'm not really a big fan of him but I do know he's dating Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
I think he's also a musician as well. Do you like his music?
I don't think so. I think he is now a musician.
Sure! Monsters Inc was written by Dan Scanlon. He also directed Monsters Inc.
The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen is a Fantasy movie
A Good Day to Die Hard is a great one. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a novel. Would you like to read it?
Sure, enjoy the book.
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I haven't read them yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't really follow tennis, but I have heard of Serena Williams and shes great.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yes, that's right. I think Marat Safin is a great tennis player too.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like detective or mystery type books?
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1914.
Yellow Wallpaper was also released in 1892. Is the year the Yellow Wallpaper was released?
Have you tried The Subtle Knife yet? Its a great book.
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are all in the same genre.
Happy reading!
I have not, but I haven't read Divergent yet. Have you?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. It was released in 2012.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that right now. However, it was released in 2012.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do! My favorite song is Jar of Hearts. Do you know that?
I don't know if she sing or play something. I do like Taylor Swift though.
I don't think so. Do you know if she do or play in movies?
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was written by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor films?
Sure. Steve Buscemi also starred in The Hunt for Red October.
You are welcome!
Yes, she wrote Where There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts and The Storyteller.
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
Where There's Smoke is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the New England Patriots. What is your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I've only seen a few games a few times. I'm not a big football fan but I enjoy watching a lot of sports. I'm not a big sports fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys.
I didn't know that! He's a great runner-up for the Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Dead Poets Society which is an action/adventure film
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness.
Yes, she starred in The Muppets and Spring Breakers.
I agree, I like her music too. Do you?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a great book it is a mystery.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, it is a book written by Lois Lowry and is also a Science Fiction.
You're welcome.
You too!
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote Charlotte's Web, which is a historical fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
You are welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and In Her Shoes. Have you seen those?
Paul Walker was also in The Polar Express. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Submarine is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
He was on the Star Wars Holiday Special, which is an action movie.
Anytime!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I think you would like The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, or The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Yes, it was released in 1961 and is a Fiction, Mystery and Comedy. It was directed by Adams as well.
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is also science fiction and was released in 1981.
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help with?
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Yes, Nsync and Backstreet Boys are similar to Nsync, and they also are very popular in the genre Psychological thriller.
I do. I prefer older bands like the Dallas Cowboys and The Giver.
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
Yes! He was also a linebacker.
I'm a huge fan of sports. I like the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite sport?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Outland is another sci-fi action film. Is that what you like?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller directed by Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Suicide Squad is similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is an American movie starring Tom Hanks and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was released in 2013.
Sure, it is also a comedy and is written by John Grisham. Do you like that genre too?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure! You are very welcome.
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, and Rufus Sewell also starred in Time Bandits. Do you like his work?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a Crime Fiction Film that also stars Michelle Pfeiffer
You're welcome
I am not really into tennis. I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is friends with Rory McIIroy.
No, I did not. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Jenna Boyd. It is a great movie.
I'm not sure where Serena is residing. What is her husband name again? I saw her live in Palm Beach.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a Crime Fiction.
You may want to check out Without Limits. It's written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Welcome to Temptation? It is a romance novel written by James Patterson.
It was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1999 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004. It's also considered Young-adult fiction.
Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Z for Zachariah.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know that she is friends with Sean Penn?
Yes, it is a good relationship. It's a comedy genre.
Yes you are correct. They made a lot of appearances in the movie The Longest Yard.
Yeah, she did a great job in Sex and the City.
That is a good one! I also think I'll watch it sometime.
Yes, it starred Jim Carrey and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was a great drama. Do you like them?
No, I don't have that information.
Of course, no problem.
En Man Som Heter Ove was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch wrote Britt-Marie var här , it is in English.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned. Are you a fan of either?
He wrote Zoo also. It's a crime fiction.
It's written by Agatha Christie and has genre Fiction. It's a film.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Polar Express, too. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have any directed by Cast Away. Sorry.
You're welcome!
Yes indeed! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn.
It is a sports drama starring Channing Tatum and Evan Rachel Wood
Mickey Rourke also starred in Requiem of a Dreams
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Billy Crudup and William Broyles, Jr. and William Broyles Jr.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now. However, I do have no information on the genre for Apocalypse Now.
Mr. Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like this genre?
It is a thriller that was released in 2004.
Of course! Other movies in this genre include; The Pursuit of Happyness, The Confession, and The Omen.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Matthew Macfadyen also starred in The Wedding Date too.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't follow football. Who is your favorite team?
Belichick is a great athlete. He also starred in Tin Cup.
It stars Harrison Ford and Scarlett Johansson. Do you like them?
Yes, she did and she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road.
Yes, and Nicky Katt also starred in Justice league too.
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt also starred in The Brave One and he has a role in it as well.
You're welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2014
Sure Liars was a great one. You should check out The Hidden Side of Everything if you like it
You're welcome
Do you like Seven Pounds because it is starring Will Smith or because it is a drama?
Sure, do you like young adult fiction?
Yes it does! Unknown is also a film. It's starring Michael Stahl-David.
Yes it is. Another foreign film you might like is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
I'll add it right now.
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
Yes he's a Midfielder. He's also a Midfielder.
Yes, he's from Wales from the Cardiff region.
She is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I'm not much of a fan, but I've heard she's a very talented singer.
I don't know much about her music, but I'm sorry.
I have not, but it's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but i know it was written by Anthony Hope, and has genre Crime Thriller.
I do! I know he also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like his movies?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it's a movie. Nick Cassavetes and Matt Damon also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on that.
I'm not sure, but it is Speculative fiction like Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome!
Oh yes, he plays for the Poland national football team. He was a midfielder. Do you like football?
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Are you a fan?
Sure, The Selection is based on the novel of Kiera Cass' , Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also wrote The Selection.
Wonderful, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome.
Did you like the movie because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a sci-fi film?
I agree, Action was a great movie. If you also like Action, I think you might enjoy The Running Man or The Dead Zone.
I do not have that information right now. But I know it was written by George Lucas, who also produced the sequel.
I think I did see that. Who is your favorite actor? Isn't he?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Good Will Hunting is one of her most popular books. Have you read it yet?
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Woody Allen also wrote To Rome with Love. It was also a Romance film.
It's Fiction. If you like that, you might also like Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point Book is a book written by Tim Burton. It's a mystery genre.
The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference are also written by Gladwell.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you that Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen those movies?
It is a drama genre.
The Martian starring Valerie Plame is also a great action film
Sean Penn Starred in Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you see that one?
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great time!
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you might like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel released in 1926. It's part of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. Also the year The Chronicles of Narnia was released.
You're welcome.
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really follow cricket, but I do know he's a popular player.
Is he a British tennis player? I never heard of him. He must be very good at what sport.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about him. I do know he starred in The Voice which is a romantic comedy genre.
Yes, he has a few movies including The Voice, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Other Woman.
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he wrote One Little Princesses of Bamarre, Lolita, and The Man in the High Castle. Are you a fan of his work?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
You're welcome
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
he has written The Making of the Atomic Bomb, and The Great Gatsby
it is a fiction book, do you like fiction?
Sure, have fun reading!
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
The only sports I like to watch is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is both a writer and a writer. He wrote "Go Further."
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. However, Ken Kesey also played a role in "The Lowland."
Sure! Added to your book list.
Paulo Coelho is a co-author. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that.
He also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
It's speculative fiction.
Great, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook also starred in it. It's a comedy.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie The Mechanic.
Yes it was written by Neil Gaiman, it is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like his movies?
Pulp Fiction was written by Steven Spielberg. You should give it a try.
It's considered a Comedy.
You're welcome!
I do. What's your favorite movie by him?
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a Crime Fiction.
If you like Step Brothers, you might also like The Handmaids Tale.
You might also like The Notebook by Robert De Niro.
Sure, it also stars Sean Penn and is a comedy.
Yes, it also stars Matthew McConaughey and Adam Carolla.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes, he starred in Larry Crowne and It's a Romance Film.
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it is a comedy. He also produced it, directed it.
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Do you prefer that genre?
I agree, it is a great comedy.
You too!
Yes I would recommend Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown Woman.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
Yes, that's true. They have a good season this year. They're one of the best teams in the NFL.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They have gone to a few games. My favorite is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I think they're pretty good. They had a good game against the Dodgers. Do you like them?
Yes that is correct. You are right right. Do you like the sport?
Not as much as a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out!
John Seelye wrote The True Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, he did. He's also written The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Similar to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Long Walk.
you're welcome
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like more titles by him?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Right! Nicki Minaj stars in a lot of TV shows but I'm not a big fan of her. He's also a model right?
Yes, he is. I'm a huge fan of her music. Is she your favorite artist?
I don't know if she's a pop artist, but I'm not sure of the name.
Are you talking about the book The Namesake written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. There is a sequel of Unaccustomed Earth, which is the next book in the series.
I do like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like Dr. Seuss books?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Theodore Lesieg
The Lorax was released in 1999
There is one Welcome to the Monkey House if you like non fiction
Sure
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
Sure! Never let me go is written by the great Stephen King, and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Inheritance Cycle, which is also a science-fiction as well.
Yes he has! He's a prolific writer who has made some movies into movies including X-Men 2 and The Last Olympian.
Great! I hope I enjoy them both.
My favorite is Gangster Squad. Do you like horror films?
It was released in 1946
It is Crime Fiction
Your welcome
I've never read Luftslottet som sprängdes, written by Stieg Larsson.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
He wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He wrote Yojimbo. Do you like indy art films?
Yes, Akira Kurosawa starred in the movie Akira. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two of my favorite actors are Toy Story and Toy Story. Do you like them?
Glad to be of help!
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
Confessions is starring Kevin Spacey, Chris Hemsworth. anything else i can do for you?
Eddie Redmayne is a great comedian. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. They're owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I also like Dallas Cowboys. Do you know any of them?
Haha. I've been to the Dallas Cowboys a few times since they've been to the Super Bowl.
Michael Jackson wrote Dirty Diana, one of my favorite songs. Did you know he also starred in The Wiz?
Yes, that was a good movie. It was directed by James Patterson, do you like his work?
Yes, I think he was also in The Wiz, Have you seen it?
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You may like Catch-22 with Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It's a great one.
Brad Pitt was a great lead, he also starred in Troy.
I do. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
How are they doing this year? It's a very popular team.
Yes, they're one of the best in the AFC West teams to watch.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Isaac Asimov.
Sure, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Oh yes, he wrote X-Men 2. I love that movie. Have you seen it?
Yes. Hugh Jackman starred in The X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
That's a good one! He also wrote The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
The book was released in 1996
I don't have much information on any other books by him, but I can tell you that Douglas Adams was influenced by Xenocide
Ok, enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote The Godfather Part II, starring Robert De Niro.
Yes, Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather Part II and was directed by Paul Mazursky.
Great. Then you will definitely like the movie starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, he was. It was a great movie.
You should check out The Goonies. It's a classic.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
Oh yea that's right. What sport do you like to watch ?
Who isn't! I know there's a lot of business trips there. But, I'm not a huge fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates, though.
I don't really follow football much so I don't know much about Bears. I have heard they're having a good season. Who's your favorite team?
I'm also a huge fan of the New England Patriots. Are you a big football fan?
I like tennis especially the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Vince also starred in Zooey Deschanel.
You Again, It was a great movie. It was written by Andy Zemeckis and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, The Namesake is a book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, the original language of the book is in the same genre. Is there anything else I can help with?
It was written by Orson Scott Card and is in the Science Fiction genre.
I'll add it right now.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in Zoom. Have you seen this movie?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country pop artist. Do you like country?
His record label is American Idol.
I don't know where he did. However, his career began in Nashville. He also composed The Voice.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes it was. It's a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. But it was directed by Paul McCartney. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. However, I would recommend Shutter Island by Sara Shepard. It was released in 1905.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I think they are one of the best teams in the Premier League, right?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like it?
Do you know anything about college ?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I think Mike Tomlin is a former coach. I'm not sure if he's a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! I'm a fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Chris Hemsworth were in it.
Sure, I will.
You're welcome.
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year they bought it.
Yes, Mary Higgins Clark also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens and Xenocide
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter Kim Edwards is the author of the book, released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is an author. She wrote Memory Keeper's Daughter. Do you like Fiction?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Are you familiar with that one?
It's a movie too. Would you like me to play it for you?
It's a thriller. It's about a serial killer called the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction novels?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Much Ado About Nothing and The Chronicles of Narnia.
What You Will is a romance novel that was released in 1599.
I'm always happy to assist!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Do you like his work?
The Imitation Game stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Sure, he wrote The Kites of Midnight, and The Kite Runner.
Perfect. Enjoy the book!
I'm not sure. Would you like to know more about him?
He has written Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven
It is about the life of a Swiss mail order bride.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government.
Will sure do! Anything else?
He is ok. He starred in Friends with Benefits and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
I didn't know that. It's a snowboarder that also stared Vincent Regan and Shaun White.
I didn't know that. Is that a comedy as well?
Yes, It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Grand Sophy, The Giving Tree, The Confession, The Autograph Man are a few similar titles
The Two Towers of Midnight is a really good one.
Sure! You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
Yes, he did. He was also in Star Trek. Do you like science fiction movies?
Will do, would you like to know more about Randy Pausch?
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a romance and drama.
The actors that starred in Wackness are Alicia Vikander and Edward Norton.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Great, I will add it to your reading list!
I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers. The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a great movie.
Yes, that's correct.
Happy to help.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan was in the movie The Time Traveler's Wife and Inferno. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he was in it! He's a great actor. He was also in The Watch and he wrote it!
I am sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies he's been in.
I'm not sure off the top of my head but I know it was written by James Patterson.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein. Have you ever read it?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
It is written in English.
You are welcome! Happy reading!
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It stars Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Brad Pitt. It's classified as a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to read it?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington is in The Siege. He also starred in a Romance film called Ant-Man.
Yes, Denzel Washington was in Into the Wild. You may want to check that one out.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes you're correct. He was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I see. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and The Jacksonville Jaguars. They are doing well this season!
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It came out in 2009 and is the same year that the book was released.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Sure I'll add it to your movie list.
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Sure, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in America are both great movies with the same genre.
Sure, have a great day!
No problem!
I'm sorry I don't know for sure. He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. You must be a fan of Science Fiction.
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld.
He's directed several movies. A couple of my favorites are World War Z, Unbreakable, and Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
It stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like them?
I'm not sure what he's with. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Djimon Hoosou is a director. He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 1997 and also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano and Joan Rivers.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The film is a comedy that was released in 1991.
Jay Leno is the starring in a lot of movies. He has also starred in Wreck-It-Ralph and The Nut Job.
They are ok. They were the runner-up for Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes I did, actually. It's a CenturyLink Field that also owns the Dallas Cowboys.
No I only really watched the New Orleans Saints in the NFC East.
I like the New England Patriots. What is your favorite team?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Scott Bakula and Kevin Spacey. Both are great actors!
Yes, it is, so it's definitely worth a watch!
I do too, it was written by Stan Lee. Do you like his movies?
You might like The Skeleton Key or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, that was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie.
Then you might enjoy Die Hard if you haven't seen it already
Sure, World War Z was directed by Brad Pitt. He also directed The Last Stand, a zombie film, and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in Three Kings, a crime drama, and The Tree of Life.
Sure, enjoy and have a great day!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is the author of We Don't Live Here Anymore. She also starred in Ugly Betty and Independently.
Naomi Watts has also been in Hercules which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Yes. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men Origins?
Sure Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller
It is starring Ryan Reynolds, and Joe Mantegna. It is a great comedy film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Statham. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also the executive producer in The Incredible Hulk and Drag me to name a couple.
Good Will Hunting is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Yes, he also wrote The Town, which is a TV series.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is a horror movie.
You're welcome.
He wrote a book called Pretties. Have you read it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Do you like romance novels?
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to read it?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, The Scarlet Letter, The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables are similar to Madame Bovary.
Enjoy!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise produced Without Limits it has Robert Duvall and Randy Quade also stars in it.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
He was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I know a few. You might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. They both star Bruce Willis.
Great, hope you enjoy it
I know he was a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Do you know if he is a composer or he is?
I don't know a lot about music but I do know I'm familiar with his music. Is he a good artist?
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, Star Trek III was starring Leonard Nimoy
Sure! It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure! You might like Zoe's Tale, Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
It came out in 1985.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Do you like comedies ?
Jamie Lee Curtis was in The Lorax, that also starred Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of him?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
I do. He wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a Fiction novel.
I'm not sure. I would highly recommend Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Yes, you're correct. Michelle Paver also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
It was, I think you'd like it!
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like more suggestions?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote King Arthur's Speech
You are welcome ,glad i could help.
Sure. He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I don't know much about him. Is he a player?
Not much of a Warriors fan either. Are you a big fan of tennis?
Yes, Steph Curry is a great player. Do you like him?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
Have you read Teacher Man : Part of series: Teacher Man.
You are welcome
Sure! Silence of the Lambs is a young adult fiction book written by J.J. Abrams. Do you like this author?
He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It is also a movie.
Happy to help!
I think they're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
I don't know too much about him either. I like American football. Who is your favorite?
I'm not sure. Do you follow soccer?
He wrote The Sea Wolf. Have you read that?
Have you read Snow White Fang and Where the Wild Things Are? I highly recommend those.
It is a boxing drama. Do you like boxing?
Yes, that's right. She also starred in Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to see it?
It's a good one as well. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Undisputed is an excellent boxing drama. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it!
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Leary?
It was released in 2014. I don't know when it was released.
I love that movie. J.K. Rowling wrote The Casual Vacancy. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
If you like that one, you should check out The Casual Vacancy.
There are so many great books to recommend to you, such as The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
The Divergent Series is a Fantasy that was released in 2007 and written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're very welcome!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Sure, Shrek 2 is written by Mike Myers and he also wrote Monsters, Inc.
I'm not a fan of baseball but I do know that they are in the National League East.
I don't know. But I'm more of a fan of the Mets fan myself.
I don't know a lot about it, but I'm not a fan of tv... Did you ever play at tv?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Pacifier. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is a TV series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a TV series and starred in the movie Tsotsi.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than she wrote the book The Lies of Locke Lamor.
I'm not much of a fan either. I prefer American football. Who is your favorite?
Agreed.
It starred suspense and horror. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
He wrote the movie King Kong. Are you interested in this movie?
I am not sure but it was released in 2005
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West division. Do you like them?
I didn't know that! He's a great coach. I think he's a great player as well.
Yes, he played for the Broncos. He's a pretty good coach.
Yes, I do enjoy drama as well.
Sure, no problem!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I'm not much of a baseball fan. Are you a fan of the Yankees?
I liked that one. I also like the New York Yankees. Do you know more about that one?
I think he's a good basketball player but has had some unfortunate injuries through his career. Are you a fan?
I like them all. I think he's a good basketball player
No, I haven't. Is he your favorite actor?
I love Men in Black! It was written by Stephen King. It's a romance novel, do you like his work?
You might enjoy Crooklyns or The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, it was very received, it a very well received and there's a lot of information on it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I sure can! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2012 and directed by Christopher Nolan.
Happy to assist
He wrote The Dragon Keeper. Have you read that one?
The original was released in 1850. I'm not sure of the release date.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. You must be a fan of Science Fiction.
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Some of his notable works are Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Xenocide, Wizard's First Rule
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus and Scott Bakula starred in this movie. Are you aware of any of these actors?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin James, it's a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime movies?
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E. V. Rieu wrote Oouooeia and was released .
The Flattered Fish was written by Anne Tyler and has genre poetry. Are you interested in any of this genre?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Would you like other recommendations?
Sure! Do you like the book because it's written by Felicia Bond or because it's the genre Science Fiction?
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote that and it was released in 2000.
You're welcome.
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a great choice.
Sure. It is also starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit is a novel released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, he is a great player. He played for the Boston Celtics.
Yes he is, actually. He is the current captain of the Celtics.
The Chicago Bulls are an awesome team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
It certainly does! They have a good season. They're in the AFC North division
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, that was a great book. It was released in 1997.
You're welcome.
Crescendo is a romance film. Do you like the genres of this film?
Well it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a historical novel set in the 18th Century Fox genre.
Anytime!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Probably. Warner Bros. Records have a lot of rap stuff. I'm not a big rap guy.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a great movie.
It was released in 2007 and is an adventure genre.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well as Michael Clayton.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He starred in Zambezia and Zambezia.
Yes. Would you like to see it?
I have a lot of good family movies. Would you like to hear about any of them?
Will do happy to help.
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
His father is a famous cricketer. What sport do you like?
Yes, he wrote it as well. Do you like his movies?
No he is a point guard. He's from Oakland. Are you a fan?
Yes he also owns the Boston Red Sox.
Yes he does. Seattle Seahawks is a great team!
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a war/romance movie written by Issa Milano, and starring William Hurt and Tim Roth.
Yes, that is correct. He has a TV series called King's Speech. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that John Savage also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Yes, Sia Furler is a talented singer. I like her music. She won the Academy of Country Pop award for Best Original Song.
She is a very talented person, but i'm not sure if she's the only performer I know
The Chicago Bears, or the Chicago Cubs, are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey?
Oh, I see. I'm not a big Cowboys fan, but if they're doing well this season, I'm sure they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
Yes, great! I'll have to check out the commercials.
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
He is a point guard. One of the best basketball players of all time.
I actually don't know. Is he a good player?
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
OK, she starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan. Have you seen it?
I have not seen any of the movies she's acted in, which is a romantic comedy.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The team coach is Lovie Smith. Do you like football?
I believe Lovie Smith is a former coach.
I like football! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
The Goblet of Fire was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the genre or the author?
I recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
It's a great book. Anything else I can help with?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Julia Roberts. Do you like either actor?
I'm glad I could help.
Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
Perhaps you'd like Scream of the Banshee, because it's a historical period drama.
You might also enjoy the Scream of the Banshee, which is a fantasy comedy.
You're welcome!
He wrote the Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It's about a woman whose search for romance. Dorian is her autobiographical novel.
It was released in 1993. I am not sure of the exact date.
You're welcome
Sure, I like it because it was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed This is 40 as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Seth Rogen starred in The People I've Slither. Have you seen it? It's very funny.
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actress! If you like her, also check out Knocked Up.
You are very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Queen. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it is a fantasy film.
Sure, no problem!
Oh yes, I love her music! She is very talented. I love her music. I am also a big fan of hers.
Oh yes, I like her and her husband Toni Morrison. That's a good one.
I'm not sure, but I check it out. I love her music. She's also a musician and a model.
The director of Inception is J. D. Salinger.
He did and Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, The Prestige is both in Fantasy and Sci-Fi genre.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
It is a Science Fiction Film
Enjoy the film!
He is a member of the Brazil national football team. You like him?
Wow, I had no idea. What is the name of Dani Alves?
They are doing good but they haven't won a lot of superbowls. They're in the NFC West, which is a tough division.
Well, I haven't been following them too much this year. J.K. Rowling did a great job with them!
Let's see! I'm not really a fan of that team, but I do know that they're doing well this year.
Would you be interested in what genre these books are written by James Dashner?
Great Expectations was originally published in 1838. It is a book about social criticism. Does that interest you?
I don't know anything else. But A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
It was originally published in 1865. It's a book about the Vietnam War. Does that interest you?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on working class, but I can tell you other works by Charles Dickens that you might like.
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Do you like her work?
Sure, she wrote The Siren. It's a graphic novel. She also wrote The Prince.
Sure, The Selection is a young-adult fiction and The Prince is a memoir. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Yes, it is. They are action packed as well.
Romance. You might also enjoy The Last Samurai, which is also a drama.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Speculative fiction. Do you like genre Speculative fiction?
You're welcome.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un naufrago, El otoo del patriarca
Sure! He has written a lot of books such as The Ruby in the Smoke and The Long Goodbye. Do you like those types of books?
It was actually written by Terry Gilliam.
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Confessions of A Dangerous Mind. Have you seen any of these movies?
The Woods is a sci-fi, thriller, and was released in 1997.
It is a great movie! It is a sequel to The Words.
Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
It is a novel. what else can i answer for you today?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Some say they are not that familiar with that sport. Do you know anything about soccer?
I'm not sure. But he was born in Spain.
Aladdin is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
There's the Winnie-the-Pooh and The Hangover
You should check out The Fall if you want to
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman also starred in The Good Thief. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did, and he also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad to be of help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he was. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
He has also produced Fast Times at Ridgemont High which is a classic.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It stars Xander Berkeley and Meinhof Complex. Is there anything else I can help with?
Matt Damon and Marcia DeBonis are also in it.
Your Welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I do not know much of his music. My favorite is Yvonne Zia and Yuvraj Singh. Do you like their music?
Oh yea that's a great song. I haven't heard it yet. What is it about?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Sure she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and City of Bones
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by David Sedaris and is a fiction book. Have you read it?
Ah yes, it's actually a comedy. And if you'd like to learn more about it, A Bug's Life is a great book.
Sure, no problem!
Sure. Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like this genre?
It is a comedy
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great, Enjoy the movie!
You're welcome!
Yes, Blood Diamond was a drama. Do you like dramas?
J.D. Salinger also played in Unlawful Entry which is a great film
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. It's a comedy. He also stars in Kristen Stewart and Thomas Lennon.
Yes. He starred in that as well. He's a great actor.
The movie stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. Are you interested in romance films?
I am not sure, but Anne Hathaway starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romance film.
Yes, she did. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady.
Sure. Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was also released in the same year.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Do you like comedies?
Then you'll like Without Fail, Witches Abroad, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. I haven't seen it yet.
The Bourne Identity starred Jeff Bridges and was directed by Tony Gilroy. He also directed The Bourne Identity.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Phantom of the Opera.
Ponyo is an adventure film, I am not sure, but I know Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo.
Frank Grillo, he's also an actor who starred in the film.
Yes, this movie is an Indie film based on the true story of Yûki Amami.
Sure, he wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins. Would you like to hear more about this film?
Besides being a writer, Paul Thomas Anderson, the main star in that movie is Jack Nicholson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Dolls. Have you read any of them?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a post- apocalyptic fiction novel written by Paula Hawkins and is also a film
Sure, Enjoy reading!
Sure, enjoy reading the book!
Sure, Great Play, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate are all dramas.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it either. I think it is a mystery.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue too. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
Sure, Vladimir Naokov wrote Pnin, Pale Fire, and Lolita. Do you like his work?
Pinn was born in Russia and writes in Vladimir Naokov.
Yes, he did.
It is speculative fiction
Sure, anything else?
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and is a drama.
The next book is  .  .
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it is!
Not really, but I've heard they're very good.
That's right, she's a famous politician!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
There's also a version of Wocket in the Pocket written by Dr Seuss. That's a great book!
That's right, it was a great year for books.
The movie is starring Seth Rogen. Seth Rogen is a great actor.
Oh yeah. He's been in a lot of movies such as Windtalkers, X-Men, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone. Emma Stone too.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Do you like romance films? You might like The Polar Express. It's a great romance novel.
Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson are in the movie. Do you like them?
It was released in 2004. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is about a trailers as well. Do you need any other information?
You are welcome
Sure, I can help. William Hurt and Christian Bale star in this movie. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Glenn Plummer and Oprah Winfrey.
I don't know much about Paul Winfield, but Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure thing. Is there anything else I can do to help today?
Natascha McElhone is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004.
Sure! It was written by Dan Brown. It was released in 1999.
I'm not sure of the genre but it was released in 1998
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those ?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You got it! You should also check out Let me know if you need any other suggestions.
Enjoy!
Sure! You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a thriller and Fantasy.
Idiocracy stars David Lynch and Zach Galifianakis.
It was released in 2011. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure, I will add it to your watch list.
ok
Sure. Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote World Without End. Would you like to see that one?
If you liked the Great Gatsby you might also like Vampire Academy, Sunshine, Hush flim.
I'm not sure about that one. I just know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's a rom-com.
Your welcome
Sure, Ellen Burstyn starred in The Stone Angel and The Spitfire Grill. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do agree. I know Venus is a major star and a celebrity, one of the best female players of all time.
Yes, he played for the New Orleans Saints in the AFC right?
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Ok, then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird.
You're welcome
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do, I'm not a fan, but I know she starred in a lot of music actually.
Yes, she's also a model and a musician. She starred in P.S. I love her music!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
Yes it is, and Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you heard of that one?
The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland is a fantasy novel. He also wrote Alice in Wonderland.
Enjoy!
Yes, he's a Midfielder and Forward. He's from Santa Marta. Do you like him?
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a fan of either team?
Yes, he was. He played as a Midfielder.
I love her sister Serena! She is great at tennis.
I don't know if Brett Ratner was in a relationship. Who starred in X-Men?
I'm not sure about that but I know she was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir. Another similar book is To Build a Fire. Have you read it yet?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but he was released in 2000.
Alice Sebold wrote The Sense of Sebold. Have you read it?
I'm not sure. Would you like to know about any other novels by Alice Sebold?
That's the only book I've read from 2002. It was also made into a movie.
Yes, you are correct. Jack London wrote White Fang.
you are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
You like tennis, I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
Hantuchova is still playing, but he is a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes he was. He was the Team of the Year.
Sure, have you seen the sequel, Thor: The Dark World?
Then you might enjoy The Dark World. It stars Chris Hemsworth and is considered Fantasy.
Chris Weitz stars in the movie The Golden Compass. It also stars Sam Elliott and Nicole Kidman.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It-Ralph
I'm not sure, he did star in Elizabethtown.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
I'm not sure about that book, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know what type of movie he directed, but he did write The Amazing Spider Man and The Incredibles.
Yes, John Sayles wrote it as well. He also wrote SuperFreakonomics.
It's a great movie! It's a romantic comedy.
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
He also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which is a historical period drama.
Yes, I think it is very funny. I think you may also enjoy this show as well.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is another great movie.
Yes, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great one. You should check it out
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those ?
It's considered self-help, yes. It's a book for entrepreneurs.
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote The World According to Garp.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Eryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Emily Blunt.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, and it's a teen film.
Sure, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a Mystery and Psychological thriller. Do you like this genre?
Hunter S Thompson is an action film. He also wrote Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2. Do those sound interesting?
I believe it was a political Thriller as well.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1997.
I'm not sure but it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and it was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
Sure, it was also a musical. Do you like Chris Owen?
Certainly, do you like National Lampoons Holiday Special?
Great, have you watch Annie Hall if you haven't seen it already.
Dan Gilroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is an action movie
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting. anything else i can answer
good ones are all action
welcome
Sure! Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it's written by Colleen McCullough?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Ups.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and The Missing Piece.
You're welcome have a great day!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a whole lot. I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you know that one?
Yes, I do agree, Eyes Wide Shut is a good one
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999 and is in the English language. Seabiscuit is a novel written by Laura Hillenbrand.
Enjoy!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Andrew Smith, Michael Byrne, and Bill Murray.
Yes, it is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear. Do you like that genre?
You should check out The Name of the Wind if you like that.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Similar books to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Long Walk. Do those sound interesting?
Yes! He's a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, he also plays soccer
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
They are not my favorite National Football Team. They play in the NFC North away from either of my teams so I do not have an opinion.
Yes, I am a fan. I like the Patriots. How about you?
Yeah, I believe the 49ers were one of the best in the league right now.
Sure! Do you like pitch perfect because it is written by John Grisham or because it is a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White House Down. It is a Romance film. Do you like that genre?
Interestingly, he also starred in the Game of Thrones and The Negotiator.
I'm sorry. I don't have any suggestions for films in the same genre.
I'm sorry. I don't have any suggestions for comedy at this moment.
You are welcome.
Yes. He's a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Kingdom.
I think Suresh Raini is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Isn't he on the India national cricket team?
I know a bit about it, I'm not a huge fan either. I prefer American Football.
Yes, he is, and he is also a musician. I am not much of a fan of his.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It's a book written in English and released in 1981. It's a novel
Treasure Island and The Things We Do For Love were released that year.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team, but I don't follow the sport. I don't know much about him.
I think Vicente del Bosque is also on the team.
He did indeed! I think he's a great player as well.
Yes he did a great job with the team.
Joseph Heller wrote Zookeeper. Have you read that one?
He was also a politician who wrote a lot of war novels. He was also a screenwriter as well.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E. L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
If you like that, you might also like The Shape of Water. Have you read that?
Bared to You is a young adult fiction book.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels like those?
It is a fiction book. You may like Death in the Clouds by Charles Dickens.
Great! Anything else I can help with?
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it is a film adaptation , what do you like about this book?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote the book Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and Redemption. Is that of interest?
Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him. He's a great Athlete. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote Braveheart too. He also wrote Olympus Has Fallen.
I dont think so. He did direct it too.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on his work. He did star in Bridesmaids
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Secret Gardener. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1974.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like fiction?
No problem! Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think so, he is still playing for the Broncos.
Sure. It's a great book. If you like books with a Pearl Earring, you might also like Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, it has a sci-fi novel. Do you like those types of books?
It was written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and Snow Crash is a Thriller.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also made Zoolander. Ben Stiller starred in it as well.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Comedy-dramas is also a great movie, I recommend it.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the exact information. I'm sorry I don't have the information about the author, but Diana Gabaldon was influenced by her work.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, which was released in 2000.
Rufus Sewell and Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island.
It was released in 1995
Cool, enjoy!
Yes, they were. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I think they did really well this year and they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, the Bears have won a lot of superbowls. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
I actually haven't seen it, but John Liman directed that film.
I don't have that information, but John Liman also produced Fair Game.
I don't know who starred in the movie. But John Powell also starred in Water for Elephants which was released in 2010.
John Lewis is his sibling. He also starred in The Longest Yard and The Secret Life of Bees.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She's married to Gabrielle Union. She starred in Hair Show with her sister Seth Meyers.
Yes, it was. He also wrote the Twilight Series. Have you seen it?
Yes I did, it was a Sci-Fi movie. Are you a fan of this genre?
It's a great movie. Matt Damon and Nathan Lane also star in it.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. He also directed 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Sullivan Stapleton, and Sullivan Stapleton.
I believe it was released in 1999
You might like Watership Down. It's both Fantasy and Action.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City.
You too!
I know that they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
It is. It was owned by Tony DeVito and Frank McCourt. Are you a fan of the Dodgers?
Well, from what I've heard, the music they had a lot of money off the court!
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in it. It was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The original was from the same time period as The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Yes, the books have been made into a film as well. The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Sure, would you like to hear about books written by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
There's one called Sword of Shannara. It's a historical novel and a historical novel.
She wrote quite a few including Wideacre, The House of Hades and The Son of Neptune.
I don't know a lot about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I would say I'm not a fan of the sport.
I actually don't think I've heard of this sport. Do you prefer football?
Yes, He starred in Tsotsi, a romance film. He also starred in Tsotsi, Tsotsi, and The Thousand Autumns of Jacob.
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical Fiction and Children's Literature. Do you like these genres?
Yes it is a great novel. Where Rainbows End is another great one. Have you read it?
I think it was released in 1996.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Do you like the movie In Bruges because it is written by Martin McDonagh, or because it stars Ralph Fiennes?
Yes, it does. Have you seen Seven Psychopaths? It's a great movie.
She is also in Seven Psychopaths, which was written by Martin McDonagh. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
She also starred in the movie Thirteen.
Sure, she also starred in X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It is a speculative fiction.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot, published in 2010.
It is a genre Science Fiction, similar to Wild Ones
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. You might also like the book Friends with Benefits.
2012 was a great book written by Wanda Sykes. Do you like her work?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well, If you want to stay with the same genre, also check out The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, The Golden Compass is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Interstellar stars Chris Hemsworth and Molly Ringwald. It's a Thriller
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
Tom Everett and Steve Corell also star in it. Are you familiar with them?
She also starred in Tropic Thunder, The Bone Collector and The Golden Compass
Great, Enjoy!
I think he's a very good tennis player. He's a very good player.
I haven't but I've never watched a match. I haven't really been a fan though.
It is! It's always fun to watch when you get a chance.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I don't have any information on that. However, you may want to check out Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it's a sci-fi movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of War, Crime and Action Film.
Logan is a sci-fi film starring Chris Hemsworth and Brad Pitt.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
He directed a lot of movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and SuperBowl. Have you seen any of them?
You might like X-Men 2. That's a great drama film.
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather Part II, The Godfather Part II, The Godfather Part II, The Godfather
Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, and starred Robert Duvall.
It was released in 1999 and starred by Mario Puzo.
Sure, do you like the author Stephen King? He wrote The Shawshank Redemption.
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It is directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Not sure, but they are in the same genre.
I Am Legend starred Willow Smith, Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi film.
I am Legend. I haven't seen it yet. It's a sci-fi thriller.
He's been in quite a few films. He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is also a Sci-Fi Action Film. Have you seen this movie yet?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
How to Train Your Dragon 2? It is also a action and adventure film.
Yes it is! You may also like Your Highness.
Yes he is a lyricist
I like him, he is also a lyricist
I do, but I haven't heard much of his music since he was in the movie The Circle of Life
It was written in 1960.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written by Elizabeth George Speare
Sure. Les Miserables is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I'm not sure, but Claude-Michel Schönberg also produced and starred in the movie The River, The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man.
I'm not sure what other films are in the genre, but Oliver Twist is also in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon and J.K. Rowling. It's a Thriller, do you like Thriller?
Yes, it was directed by Frank Darabont
Yes, shes great in this movie
Vanessa Redgravep also starred in the movie
The Denver Broncos are fourth in the AFC West division. I think they will make it to the Super Bowl XVIII.
It was a great movie. It was released in 2017 and is a fan favorite team. Also, the Dallas Cowboys and Fogs. Do you like them?
Cold Mountain starring Chris Hemsworth and Nicole Kidman. Do you like that film?
I did not, but I'm sure it was good. She also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a war film. Other movies starring Renee Zellweger are Zombieland and X-Men The Last Stand.
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player. He is the current captain of the NBA All Rookie Team.
He hasn't done any of his films but he starred in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Nicholas Cage and Steve Buscemi. I have heard of it!
Public Enemies starred Ronan Bennett, Michael Mann, and Johnny Depp. Do you like thrillers?
Oh yeah, he's been in a bunch of movies. The Rum Diary, The Rum Diary, and The Rum Diary. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure what he's down but he was in the comedy Someone Like You which is a comedy.
Oh cool! I'll add it to your watch list.
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Do you like Superhero movies?
I am not sure of the exact year. It also starred Daniel Roebuck.
Yes, that was a great movie.
I recommend The Fugitive and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. It also starred Harrison Ford.
Enjoy your movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Peter Pan has genre Fiction. Do you like books he's written?
It's children's literature, similar to The Little White Bird, which is also historical fiction.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really follow him
I think he plays for a France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Gary Scott Thompson.
He also was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and The Chronicles of Narnia.
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes it did. Have you seen it? It is a great movie.
Yes that is a really cool movie, have you seen it?
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in That Thing You Do!
I'm not sure but he did star in The Gazebo.
The Gazebo is a great movie. It was directed by David Fincher
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Edward Norton. Do you like animated films?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it was released in 1996 and directed by Peter Hyams
Yes, he also wrote True Grit and Zathura: A Space Adventure
Skyfall stars Chow Yun-fat, Mike Vogel, and Mike Colter.
He has been in The Good Doctor and The Women of Brewster Place. Also such as The Lone Ranger.
Mark Margolis produced this film as well as The Wedding Date.
It is a romance film.
Yes, I do. Adventure is a great movie.
You too!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like it?
Oh that's a good one as well. She also wrote Dead to the World and Living Dead to the World. I like her too.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I am. He directed Ice Age. Are you familiar with that film?
It is a war film. Do you like that genre?
Yes she was, along with Danny DeVito.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
I think he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to hear about anything else?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing!
No problem!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
Perfect. I think you will enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure I do! He wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Detectives. Do you have a favorite genre?
Sure, do you like adventure films?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor and Troy which is Fantasy.
Yes, it was. He also wrote the Golden Compass
Did you like it because Tom Cruise was in it or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise produced Without Limits it has William Mapother Tom's cousin.
You're welcome!
Your welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2. Do you like her music?
I have not but i have seen The Social Network by Holden Scott
I have not seen it and i will watch it again.
Yes it was written by Ian Flemyng and Ian Flemyng and Martin Campbell. It was written by Ian Flemyng and Ian Flemyng.
If you like Thunderball, you might like Catch-22. It's one of my favorite spy films.
I believe it is, along with Antoine Wright.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, the team is coached by Ryan Giggs and Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like books written by Paulo Coelho or the genre?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in English.
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos a crime fiction
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
A little bit, they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Do you watch them play ?
I like to watch basketball. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of wings is a book written by Peter Hyams. It was released in 1922.
Yes, the last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, he starred in that film. Do you like action movies?
He's a great actor. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
Sure. He starred in The Wedding Planner, and The Other Boleyn Girl, among others.
I'm always happy to help!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of him?
I have not, but I've heard that Ned Beatty starred in it and that was a comedy too.
Yup, it was a great movie. Jerry Maguire was also in the X-Men series. I really liked it!
I'm also a huge fan of ours. I'm also into the Dallas Cowboys.
He directed Battleship and The Kingdom. Have you seen either of these?
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy Rihanna's song.
It was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
He wrote The Julian Chapter. I don't know of any other books by him.
Yes, it was. It was a Halloween novel written by Jeff VanderMeer
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it was a book that came out in 2014
Not a problem!
I recommend the comedy genius Bill Murray. Have you seen Zombieland? He starred in that.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in another great comedy movie, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
She is a author who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Are you familiar with this book?
She wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1850
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or When You Reach Me. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
I know that it was written by J.D. Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice were written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read something by her?
If you liked romance, you may also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Judd Hirsch starred in a lot of movies. You might like Shrek 2 then.
Tower Heist is a comedy/crime movie. Do you like comedies?
Tower Heist was a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You should check out The Boy in the Striped Pajamas its a crime movie.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, most of her books are in English. I have no read Russian.
You're welcome!
Yes, the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I also like The Lake of Dreams and the Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
It is a Whiting Writers' Award. Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen those?
Sean Connery and Annette Benson starred in it. It's a romantic comedy.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you prefer I select based on his books?
Yes he wrote that. He also wrote To Have and Have Not. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy watching tennis?
Yes, He is from Switzerland and participated in the 2012 Olympics.
I'm not sure if Tommy Haas is in a relationship with Tiger Woods, but he has been in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a 1996 autobiographical novel about the Vietnam War. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about the sequel to A Wolf at the Table, but I believe it is written in English.
Enjoy!
Yes I can! Released in 1997, it was written by Jared Diamond.
It's a comedy. You should check it out.
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in any other books by him?
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a romance movie or because it is a fantasy?
No I don't see anything else he has directed, unfortunately if you're looking for horror, you may like The Singing Detective or The House of Seven Gables.
Yes he does, Harris Yulin is a great actor. He's also in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I don't think so, but i've read The Last Colony and The You've Been Warned.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
Here are some of Neil Gaiman's books, such as The Graveyard Book, and The Absolute Sandman.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted, have you read that one?
It's considered both Speculative Fiction and Biographical.
It was released in 2010
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Kennedy and Scott Bakula Russell.
Sure, it's a fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a football fan.
I hope it will be a good Super Bowl this year
J.K. Rowling is my current favorite. He's a great quarterback!
I've been to a live game very few times, but I was happy to assist you.
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Cam Newton. He is the director of Fog City Mavericks.
He also directed Superman 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Yes, it was written by Tony Gilroy and stars Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson. Do you like them?
Yes, he is one of the most important actor of our time. He also starred in The Last Templar
I have not seen it but I have been meaning to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Vampire Academy.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
It's a fantasy movie, starring John Lee Hancock. Do you like his movies?
It starred Virginia Madsen and Michael Stahl-David. Do you like those actors?
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Young-adult Fiction book. Its part of a Series, would you like to hear more about those books?
I've read The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Sea of Monsters.
It's a Historical period drama, similar to The Lightning Thief, have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a producer. She starred in the movie Wicked. Have you seen that?
Sure, she wrote "Little Altars Everywhere" which also starred Sara Dessen.
That's a great movie! It stars Ralph Fiennes, Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson.
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a war novel, similar to For Whom the Bell Tolls.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Happy reading!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like them?
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he's also a producer. He starred in the movie The Big Lebowski.
Yes, he and Coyote Ugly did a great job with them.
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
I do not have a book similar to The Fault in Our Stars, but I can tell you that it is a young adult fiction book.
Have you read Xenocide or Will Grayson?
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance novel.
Enjoy!
James Franco is a great actor. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness, and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and it's a Biographical Film.
It was released in 2004
Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Joy Luck Club. It is a novel that was released in 1969. Do you enjoy novels?
Yes, it's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. Do you want to read more of her book?
I do! He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have any information on that. I apologize. I don't have any information on that.
I don't have any information on that one. But you may want to check out The Apostle. It's starring Liam Neeson.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Incredibles.
Shelley Duvall and Kevin Dillon also starred in it.
It is considered a historical film.
You're welcome
Yes, there are similar books, such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Sure! Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint It Black. She also wrote Paint It Black.
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a drama.
You are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1967. Do you like her work?
He starred in Crime Fiction, would you like to hear more about this?
Seven Samurai stars Tatsuo Marsumura and Akira Terao.
I'll add it to your watch list.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Kloves.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, that is right! It was released the same year as The Wedding Planner.
Oh, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the information!
Oh, isn't he? He also wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has written a lot of thrillers, including Jack Palance and Martin Starr.
Your welcome
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those books?
Have you read Where Rainbows End or The Time Traveler's Wife?
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. He did write A Tale of Two Cities as well.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your reading list.
Enjoy!
He is an athlete who was drafted to play basketball as a point guard with Seattle Supersonics.
Not really. Do you have a favorite sport?
I do like to watch football. My favorite sport is Basketball.
I have not, but I'll have to check out Notre Dame my favorite team.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks and starring Emile Zola.
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and X-Men 2. He's a very well-known director and writer.
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi, adventure, and action film. If you like those, you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia series. Have you seen those?
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
Yes, he wrote Ayn Rand.
It was released in 1957.
If you like the book because it was written by Gayle Forman, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
You can try When You Reach Me written by Rebecca Stead.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda which is a animated film. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in Kung Fu Panda. Did you know that Seth Rogan also starred in Monster's vs. Aliens?
He's been in a lot of movies including The Little Prince, SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and The Legend of Tarzan.
Great! I'll add those to your watch list.
Do you like the author James Patterson? You might like The Good Doctor or The Armenian Genocide.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a very good writer. Other good fiction books you may enjoy are; Cloverfield, Where Rainbows End, and Welcome to Temptation.
You're welcome.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. What sports do you like?
I do. I'm not a huge fan of the Miami Heat.
I enjoy watching the Steelers and the Chargers later. What is your favorite team?
I believe he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like Cricket?
Yes. Tom Brady plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes. He starred in Bridget Moynahan.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a non-fiction book. A classic Pajamas was released in Lead Pajamas.
It was originally published in 1856. It's a very good book.
Enjoy!
Sure, it was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Both starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 1999
You're welcome.
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might like Wicked Lovely or The Giver.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2007.
Yes, she also wrote The Secret History and The Little Mermaids.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1868. She also wrote Wintergirls.
You're welcome.
Yes, They are very good. I like their song Almost Is Never Enough. Have you heard that one?
Yes, he did play the piano. He was great in the movie.
I actually don't have any information on the TV show at this time.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
I would recommend A Piece of the World.
Glad to help!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Kevin Spacey starred in Bohemian Rhapsody, The Manchurian Candidate, and Billy Daniels.
Sure, it's a Drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Back to the Future with Leonardo DiCaprio and have you seen it already? It was great.
Yes, it is a speculative fiction written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like her work?
Yes, he sure did, and he also wrote The Graveyard Book.
Agreed. She also starred in Mortal Instruments: The Perfect Score.
Yes, Zodiac is a crime fiction film.
Sure, enjoy!
I love Russel Wilson's work. If you like him, he produced The Replacement Killers.
Yes, you're right. I'm not sure about that.
Not really a big football fan but if I had to choose a favorite, he's a favorite.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed The Legend of Tarzan, have you seen it?
Ponyo stars Kate Beckinsale and Emile Zola.
It was released in 2005 and starred Naomi Watts and Emily Blunt. It was also produced by Hayao Miyazaki.
Happy to assist!
Matt Damon wrote The People Speak, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
Good to hear! I think you'll like Unsolved, The Last Stand, and The City, which are all great mysteries.
LOL! It's where you got the popcorn!
It's a psychological thriller, with a lot of action in it! I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! Do you want to play it for you?
I like him, he's a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
He's also been a member of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of him?
It would be good if they win all the time.
Sure! He starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Great! Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it too. Are you a fan of him?
I'm not sure about that, but I will definitely check it out! You should check it out!
Done! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in it. It was also produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
That movie has Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict starred in Gran Torino, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Tim Thomerson starred in this movie along with Ryan Gosling.
You're welcome!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a Crime Fiction. It was released in 2011. Do you like Crime Fiction?
It was released in 2003.
You're welcome
Do you like the genre of Tangled?
I would recommend The Princess and the Frog, as well as The Lion King, starring Nathan Lane. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Molly Shannon also starred in The Daytrippers as well as Mary Shelley's Frankenstien.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
If you liked that one, you may enjoy The Shadows of Mudbugs or The Silence of the Lambs.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He's a great actor.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that?
Anthony Daniels is a famous actor. He was also a model.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I'm sorry but I don't know any similar movies.
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
He also starred in Jerry Maguire. Have you seen that one? It's a family movie.
Yes, That's right. Then you might like The House of Seven Gables also.
Yes. It's a beautiful city. I highly recommend it.
Its a great movie.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yes, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I didn't know that. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Do you enjoy Watership Down because it is a fantasy?
Yes, that is correct. The Lord of the Rings series is also considered Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
I don't know much about them. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
They played again in the Super Bowl XXVIII.
Perfect. I would say it's not to be a lot of fun to watch but I'd say it's not too much of a football fan.
Sure, Brad Pitt wrote Troy, which is a great film. Do you like graphic novels?
Have you seen The House of Mirth or The Devil's Advocate? I heard those are good examples of historical fiction.
It is starring Nicholas Cage and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Sure. Enjoy the film.
Yes, I liked it! I like Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a sci-fi sequel. If you like sci-fi, you might also like War of the Worlds.
It's a good one! It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
Oh great! I'll add it to your watch list!
Yes, the movie 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun.
Sean Flynn was also in it. It's a comedy.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it was actually written by Nicholas Sparks.
He is a professional football player, and married to Gisele the model.
Well Wildcats was a great movie. I also like Vince Vaughn.
Yes, that's a great movie. I think he's also a musician as well. Do you like him?
Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
You might like X-Men 2 or World War Z. Volcano was also released in 1979.
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Science Fiction action movie Space Jam. Have you seen it yet?
Yes he was, also in Dante's Peak. I think you'll enjoy that movie!
Enjoy!
I would. It's a psychological thriller that was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber. It was released in 2002.
William Scott was also in World Without End, which is a great film.
I like thrillers also. Have you seen Shark Night? That is a thriller.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Voyage Home starred Drew Barrymore and Charlize Theron. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
OK, have a great day!
I would recommend X-Men 2. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Big Hit is starring Jason Statham and Zach Galifianakis. Do you like them?
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team. I don't follow international soccer.
Yes, my favorite sport is American Football. Do you know much about the Titans?
I don't know much about him either. I'm more of a tennis fan.
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a member of the Chicago Bears.
Yes, he did. They are a professional basketball team.
I have not seen it yet. It's a very good thriller. It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises if you're interested
William Morgan Sheppard and Roger Rees starred in The Prestige.
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know it was written by Jonathan Nolan
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a Romanian professional dancer. She competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown was in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of Adam Brown?
Adam Brown wrote the Hobbit also. Would you like to hear more about this film?
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
Will do.
Great.
I think he's a shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he actually won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
Yes, he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers, isn't he?
Harrison Ford and Ray Winstone starred in it. Who's your favorite?
Sure, He starred in King's Speech, The Secret Life of Bees, and I Am Number Four.
Sure, you can try True Grit and World War Z
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like because it is written by James Dashner or because it is a Mystery?
The Scortch Trails is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Tayl, and Ki Hong.
Ok. Is there anything else I can help with?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Perhaps you would like The Ground Beneath Her Feet, or The Ground Beneath Her Feet. All great movies!
The Day After Tomorrow is a great film, as well as The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall, Nick Cassavetes and Charlie Bewley. It is a Romantic Comedy
Jamie Foxx also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen that?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his books?
Yes, you are correct. He's an excellent author. He wrote Message in a Bottle and Dear John.
I believe Nicholas Sparks Message in the bottle was released in bottle.
Sure would be Nicholas Sparks . It's a short story about Message in the BFG.
Yes, he is one of the authors of all time.
You are welcome. He's a very good writer.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great book.
Yes, it's a book that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books written by Nicholas Sparks or would you prefer something else?
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he does. He also wrote The Crucible.
Ok, he also wrote The Crucible, Incendiary, and All My Sons.
Yes, You've Been Warned was also released that year.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Not sure about them. They're a good NFL team. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
They seem to have a lot of money off the top of my head and a lot of money off the top of my head.
Lolita wrote a book called The Eight & Matched, have you read any of these?
It is a mystery novel set in the steel towns of America.
Is there anything I can help you with?
you're welcome
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes, Jessica Biel and Jessica Biel were married to Jessica Biel.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy are great books by J.K. Rowling.
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language.
That was a autobiographical book that came out in 1994. Do you like that genre?
Sure. It's a book about the American Revolution which was made into a film that was actually made into a movie.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016.
I don't know any. She wrote quite a few including The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure but it is in English.
I'm not sure if it is in English, but it is in English.
Yes, he wrote  1.
You're welcome.
I do! Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like titles similar to Total Recall?
I don't know much about him. Is he a player for France National Football team?
I like James Harden, he is a great player.
I have watched many concerts there and some concerts there are a lot of people who are good at the same venue.
Nope. I'm not a big American TV fan.
No, I don't watch any of those shows.
Yes, Inception is starring Tom Berenger and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, that's right. She also starred in the HBO show Entourage.
Enigma was released in 2005 and is a drama/fantasy. It was also produced by Lauren Oliver.
Will do.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Yes, he also directed Rob Reiner. He is also a director, producer, and screenwriter.
I unfortunately don't have access to that information right now.
Your welcome!
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You might like it.
I am not sure of the exact date. It was released in 1997.
You are welcome!
I agree! Selena is a great actress. She starred in The Muppets and Spring Breakers.
I'm not sure about that. However, Selena Gomez was in The Muppets with her.
It's a psychological thriller.
Michael Parks was in one of the movies. Did you know he was also in The Lorax?
I'm not a big baseball fan but I do know they won the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
It would be the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and broncos.
I think he is a very talented golfer, do you follow golf?
He won the 2005 PGA Championship, right?
Yes, he lost againts Phil Mickelson. What do you think of him?
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Bruce Willis and Michelle Pfeiffer. Do you like war films?
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure, it was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Jeremy Renner, and Jeremy Renner.
Sure thing!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
They moved to Arizona from New York City.
Not really. I like college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about Aguero, other than he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
I don't know much about soccer, I'm more of a fan of soccer. I prefer American football, but I heard he's a great player
I'm actually not a big sports fan either. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez in 1985.
Other books written by Debora Smith is .
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the genre?
I'm not sure about it, but I think it was a thriller.
It was written by James Patterson. It's also a Fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It was written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton and stars Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Yes, I can recommend What Lies Beneath as well as Once Upon a Time in the West. It is a great romance film.
If you'd like to read the Time Traveler's Wife, then you should give The Day After Tomorrow a try.
Sure, he starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Ok, some great thrillers that he has starred in are Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, and Zodiac.
Sure, some names you may recognize are Zombieland, Jeremy Renner, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Sure, enjoy!
I'm a Lisa See fan so that was one of the first books I've read that was written by Lisa See and released in 2005. Have you read it?
It's considered a Children's Literature and Speculative Fiction.
It certainly is! Have you read any of the books that I've read or seen The Lady in the Lake series?
I'm not a huge fan of badminton but I had no idea that she was a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, she was. That's where the 2012 Summer Olympics was .
Yes, he wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
I agree, Romeo and Juliet is a favorite.
No, she did not play. I am not much of a fan of hers.
Yes, do you like the author Sense and Sensibility because it is a historical period drama?
Yes. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he's a great singer and he's also a musician.
I think I've heard of her and I do not know if she dated Anna Kournikova.
If you like dance-pop, I would suggest The Messenger.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
James Franco and Tom Cruise also starred in The Aviator.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Ok!
Sure, he directed Red Dragon, Summer of Sam. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she starred in the movie. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Historian is a great suspense. Do you like suspense genres?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
no i dont. what sports do you like ?
yes she is. who is your favorite tennis player?
i really like college baseball and football. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what sports do you like?
he's a quarterback too. who is your fav tennis player?
I think they are okay. I'm more of a steelers fan. do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current coach of the Atlanta Falcons.
Who is your favorite Patriots team?
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
Yes! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and is a drama/mystery. It was written by Marion Wiesel as well.
Yes, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel as well. It was released in 1958.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men 2. I'm not sure about Vulgar.
Yes. William Scott also starred in X-Men 2. He's a great actor
You are welcome.
Alicia Vikander wrote them. She's also been a voice actor.
I think so. Gwyneth Paltrow did star in Friends with Benefits.
I don't know any idea. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Yes, it is. Along with Tom Brady. Who is your favorite player?
Yeah, I think they're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow, no. Thanks for all the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
He also directed Horton Hears a Who!
Unfortunately I do not have the genre information for that.
Enjoy!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was actually released in 2011. It has the genres drama, if you like that.
Yes. The Tales of Peter Rabbit has a genre Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Joseph Conrad. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, it's a science fiction film. I think you'd like it.
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Proposal is a romance film. It was released in 1995.
Alice In Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you today?
Great. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
Then you will like The Incredibles. It was written by John Lennon.
I'm not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, but I think you might like The Incredibles.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know much about it, is it a basketball team or a basketball team?
I'm not a huge fan of the New England Patriots. I love the New England Patriots.
I like Basketball. I'm a Denver Broncos fan.
I'm not a big American Football fan but I've been a fan since he retired, I'm not much of a sports fan.
I do. It was written by Jim Uhls and stars Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
Yes, I like her music too, I also like her song Love Is Gone. How about you?
I don't know a fan of the music. I think she's from Nashville and is just like her sister Serena.
I prefer heavy metal and rock as the voice is on the guitar.
Hot Fuzz is an animated movie starring Mike Colter and Jim Carrey. It was released in 2012.
Shooter is a crime fiction. Do you like movies directed by Matthew McConaughey?
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter. He also wrote The Invisible Man, which is also a thriller.
Yes, the starring in The Rum Diary is Julia Roberts, and Nicole Kidman.
Happy to help!
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
That's good to know. Did you know he's from Dallas?
I haven't played golf yet, but I haven't watched many games. I am not a big golf fan either.
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is a actor who starred in such films as Treachery and Tombstone.
Be Kind Remind starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Mia Farrow.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like lloyd banks hes a great singer
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
I'm not a fan of speculative fiction, but I do know he was in the movie Moonwalker.
I didn't know that! She's such a talented actress. She's been in a lot of TV shows.
I'll have to watch it again!
He is a football player. He played on the Argentina national football team.
I don't follow soccer, I prefer American Football. Soccer is not a sport based in Argentina.
I agree! He's a great player.
Shrek was written by Mike Myers and he also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens. Is that a genre you like?
Sure. That's a great Crime Fiction movie, have you seen it?
Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis are in it, as well as Kelly Preston.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Magician's Land and The Wild Life. Do you like her movies?
It stars Holly Hunter and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Randy Quaid played in Wild Life. He is a great actor.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
She also wrote the book Silence
Hush hush is actually a drama book.
You're welcome
Yes, it was directed by Nick Cassavetes and produced by Paul Werstine.
He also wrote X-Men 2 and The Last Stand
I'm not sure who won it, but David Silverman also starred in it. He's really funny.
You too!
He directed Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
Rango is an Indie film released in 1997. It is a drama/fantasy film.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Jessie J. Do you like them?
Ride Along has the genres comedy, romance, and comedy.
Glad to be of help
Sure. The New York Times Best Seller is a great Comedy movie.
Is she the author of A Little Princess?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a great book. You should read it then.
I hope you enjoy! The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It was released in 2009.
No problem!
She wrote Mansfield Park, it is a historical novel. Do you like the genre?
Mansfield Park is a genre Historical Fiction. Do you like reading these genres?
Yes, if you like romance, you might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
That is a great one to be honest.
Definitely! You should give it a try, it is very good!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The genre is historical fiction and Speculative fiction. Is that of interest?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure. Amelie is a romance film and was released in Paris, je t'aime.
You're welcome. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
I don't know his recent song. Is he a country pop artist?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. I think he's a great singer.
He's with the Universal Music Group and I'm not sure of the name.
Marlon Brando has starred in a number of movies. He's also in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He starred in Viva Zapata. The Young Lions is an action film.
I'd say it's a drama. Viva Zapata also starred in Someone Like You, which is a drama. Do you like her?
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did. If you like basketball, you should watch the NBA All-Rookie Team.
Yes he did
Mervryn Peake is a artist, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
It was. The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original.
He has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Gina Torres also starred in Machine Gun McCain. She also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes she did, she also starred in This is the End and The Perfect Score.
Enjoy!
Drinking Spirit is a good book. It's a romance. Do you like romance?
I can tell you that it is a movie that was released in 2002 and is starring Tim Blake Nelson.
I don't have any information on him. He's also a director who wrote The Breakfast Club.
2002 was a great year for movies.
I think you will like it. It also starred Laurence Fishburne.
Sure, have you watch Inception or Batman Begins?
How about Fast & Furious 2? It's a comedy and a crime movie.
The Time Traveler's Wife and The Rules of Attraction are both adventure movies.
Certainly it was a movie starring Robert De Niro who also starred in Kill Bill: Vol 2.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
The Blue Castle came out in 1960. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar And Six More, The Silence of the Lambs came out that same year.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Waking Life. Have you seen that one?
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, starring Christopher Meloni.
I'm not sure. However, some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Blake Nelson.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It is a crime fiction film. He also wrote The Lawnmower Man.
How about The Mist or The Lawnmower Man? They are both great horror movies.
You're welcome!
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard any of those?
Yes, he is a great performer. I like his music.
I like his music as well. Do you have a favorite artist?
Yes, he is great. I like his song Hot n Cold.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure it is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Awesome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a wonderful day.
Sure, it was a great comedy, very funny movie. Do you like comedies?
It came out in 2005.
yes he was in the Guardians of the Galaxy, which is a great movie.
You are welcome!
I'm not sure about Paul Pogba. I just know he is on the Wales national football team
Yes that is true. They were the runner-up in the 2011 Cup Final.
I do not really know much about American football.
I don't know a lot about him, but I've heard he is a great player. I'm more of a American Football fan.
I don't know a whole lot about him. He's a basketball player, right? I don't follow him that much.
It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of films?
I'm not sure, Spke Lee directed the film but I'm not sure about Ossie Davis.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Shinning. Do you like the genre or the author?
I do not have that information but would you like me to look up some of his other works?
Yes, he is from United States.
Yes, she starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. Have you seen them?
It is a Historical fiction, similar to The Poisonwood Bible.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I think she sung Give Your Heart a Break and Why Don't You Love Me. Have you heard any of her songs?
Yes, he did. That was a great movie. She also starred in Camp Rock and Friends with Benefits.
I don't think I've seen that one. I've heard it's a great comedy.
Sure, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a romance novel. Do you like this author?
Have you read Dead to the World? It's a mystery novel.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative/Comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action movies?
Skyfall is listed as a Action/Adventure Film.
Other stars include Xander Berkeley, Michael Angarano and Robert De Niro
Great, is there anything else I can help with?
I don't follow football much, but I do know they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XI.
Well, from what I've heard, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the Steelers were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey and Peter Greene. Do you like those actors?
I like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller. You should check it out.
Yes, I have and Tom Hollander also starred in Unfinished Business.
I do like hip hop. Did you know Nick Cassavetes was starring in it?
I like rock also. I am a big fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Oh ok. I'm not typically a fan of his music but I do like his original album.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I have read Wicked Lovely or When You Reach Me. They are both young adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Of course! The Original TRON is an action film, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like action films?
Olivia Wilde also stars in Year One along with Jeff Bridges
Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
Sure. He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
He's a Denver Broncos fan. Are you a fan?
I can't remember. I think Angela's Ashes had a great season.
You're welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Jed Brophy. Do you like them?
Channing Tatum also starred in Violets Are Blue. Have you seen that one?
It came out in 2007
You're welcome.
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction, do you like this genre?
I agree she has a wonderful voice. She's friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J. Do you like her music?
Yes, she did a great job on that TV show. She also starred in Desperate Hours, which was a great comedy.
Oh yeah she is good. You should give her a try.
Yes it was released in 2014, and she won the PGA Tour for Best Original Song.
I think you'll enjoy it.
The Lord of the Rings was released in 2001.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Yes, that is correct.
James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Football League. He plays point guard. Do you like soccer?
I think I am a fan of the New England Patriots.
He plays the Midfielder, and he is the Midfielder.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie, would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
Sure! The Terminator is a great sci-fi movie. It starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Billie Whitelaw, Willie Garson and Robert Davi.
It is! You should give it a try. It is also a romantic comedy.
I sure can, she starred in quite a few films actually, ranging from Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers also starred Christopher Nolan, Paul Mazursky, and Jamie Lee Curtis. Do you like any of those actors?
I'm not showing any other actors in The Great Yokai War, but I'm not showing any other films in the series.
Sure. The Great Yokai War starred Ian McKellen and Woody Allen.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
There is The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
I'm actually not, but I've heard a few of her songs. Isn't she married to Kesha?
I haven't heard it, but I've heard very little about it. Do you like electronic dance music?
I didn't have a chance to listen to her music, I'm not sure about her, but I love her music. She is from California.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
I do not know about the starring actors, but I know it was released in 1999.
I am not sure but I know it was produced by William H. Macy
I don't know a whole lot. But, I know he won the NBA All Rookie Team and the NFL Most Valuable Player Award.
SteveJobs is an American actor, who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and The Republic of Love.
It's a romance and a biography.
You're welcome.
You got it!
He also directed the movie Awakening. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
Well, he also wrote Valkyrie and The Ugly Truth.
It was released in 2012
Your Welcome
I don't know much about him except that he's from Chicago and he's a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
I didn't know he's with the Chicago Bears and he was a point guard. I didn't know he's from Chicago.
I'm not sure of that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the New York Mets?
I like the Washington Nationals. What is your favorite team?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
Yeah, you're right! I think he's from Guadalajara!
I don't think I've seen it, but I've been liking it for a long time.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's a thriller. You should definitely watch it.
If you like Fantasy, you might also like The Scorpion King or The Mummy Returns. Both are great movies!
Yes, The Hills Have Eyes is actually a fantasy movie. I'm sure you will love it!
Great, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a English movie, it was released in 1996. Is it the genre you are looking for?
I don't have any other information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Ok, if you would like to add Memento to your Queue. Have you seen it?
I don't like it, but I do like it's a crime fiction. Is that the type of movie you like?
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. They are both great action movies.
Pound of Flesh stars Kate Beckinsale and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would recommend Xenocide, Z for Zachariah, Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
I'm not sure but it was written by Melissa Marr.
Wicked Lovely also is part of a series. I think you will enjoy them too.
Wonderful, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a war novel, similar to For Whom the Bell Tolls.
It is a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Three Musketeers are also considered romance.
You are welcome.
The Patriots are a great team, and Tom Brady won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Not really sure. I'm more of a fan of the New England Patriots fan. They're currently playing for the Patriots.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots woman.
Did you like the Town because it was written by Ben Affleck?
Its a great movie. It starred Russell Crowe, Rebecca Hall, and Michael Shannon.
It was directed by Peter Craig
Sounds good. Enjoy
Sure, are you a fan of adventure films?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also great Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen them?
It was a great movie as well as produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Chris Weitz.
I don't know what else he directed, but he also directed Superman 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I like Katy Perry, I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
That's the only information I have on that. I did not know she was married to Maria Sharapova.
Yes, Russel Branda was in Zookeeper. She's a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Jordin Sparks. Have you seen it?
I like him in 10 Days. Who's your favorite genre?
Yes, Magic Mike was hilarious. I liked him in Stuck on You, too.
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot and stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. It's a romance and fashion movie, have you seen it?
Perhaps you would like Reese Witherspoon, It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Mamma Mia is great. She also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is also a comedy drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's non-fiction, do you like those types of movies?
Under the Tuscan Sun and The Secret Life of Bees are both great Fantasy movies.
It stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson.
Enjoy!
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. It's a great comedy.
Yes, it is co-authored by Thomas E. Connolly. He also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome
Into the Wild was written and directed by Sean Penn.
Oh yes, he's a writer. He's also a film producer.
You're welcome
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
How about the movie Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by James Patterson? It's one of my favorite children's movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Destiny, and Ship of Destiny.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, or The Dragon Keeper.
Sure, Ship of Magic is a Fiction book. Similar books include The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper.
You are welcome!
Yes. Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Other examples are Z for Zachariah and Wyrd Sisters.
It came out in 1969.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also like The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and stars Scarlett Johans and Robert Downey Jr.
Sure, there is The Assassin and the Desert which is also science fiction as well. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty.
I agree. Jessica Chastain was also in The Campaign, I Love You.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I'm more of a soccer fan.
No, I'm not much of a fan, but I know Shakira is from Columbia. What's her gig?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
Not really. I like the Dallas Cowboys and The Jacksonville Jaguars. Do you want to know more about them?
They are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
I'm not really a fan of that sport, but I do enjoy watching the 2012 Olympics. Who do you like?
I'm a huge fan of Brazil. I do like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
Yes, Alex Ferguson was also a player on the team, and he was a great player.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more self-help books?
HE also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
1.  1 is written by Stephen R. Covey
Thank you for letting me know!
Sure! Pacific Rim is in the adventure genre. Have you seen A Time to Kill or Charlie and the Chocolate Factory? They are a couple of my favorite actors.
Charlie and the Chooquim is a good family movie. Do you like family movies?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End also starring Olivia Wilde?
He also played in the movie The Rum Diary have you seen it yet?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It's a drama released in 1975.
Great, Milo Forman directed and produced The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Great, I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a historical period drama.
Sure! One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a Historical period drama.
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. Do you like this genre?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know that he also played with John Lennon?
Yes, he is with the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox.
Yes, Larry Costanza also won that award.
Oh, I believe he was born in Australia.
Did you enjoy The Island because it was a Drama or a Mystery film?
Sure, have you seen Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z?
It's a good movie. It stars Jason Bateman and Jason Bateman.
Glad to be of help
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times, it's a Action/Adventure movie. What is your favorite?
Yes, it was a great movie. Have you seen any of the other Batman films?
The genre is historical period drama and stars Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Are you interested in either of those actors?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2003. Have you seen the movie?
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
your welcome
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid C.F. and on the Argentina national team.
Yes, The United States Football team is a great sport and a great team.
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote X-Men: First Class. He also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, it was in the English language.
Waiting for the Barbarians was a great book.
Thank you for the information.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like Basketball. I'm a big fan of the Houston Rockets. How about you?
I don't follow them much, I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know that they play in the 1990s.
I see he wrote Candide.
I actually don't have that information. It was released in 1726.
You might like The Piano Teacher, which is another one of his works.
You're welcome!
Sure, Winnie-the-Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. Are you interested in children's literature?
Pooh's adventures of Blue's Clues and The House at Pooh Corner are great books by her.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Liverpool National Football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh yeah thats where the venue is.
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer club coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a big fan?
I watch soccer from time to time. Are you a fan?
Similar books to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, Matched, and The Giver.
Some young-adult fictions similar to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Golden Compass.
Sure, anything else I can help with?
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes, John Travolta was also in Zombieland and The Muppets.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder.
It is considered young adult fiction.
Yes, he wrote The Last Templar and The Return of the King.
It was released in 2005.
Ok, it was released in 2005 in Spanish.
No problem!
Baseball isn't really my favorite, but I do know the Mets are coached by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon.
They actually have a third season in their division right now.
Yes! The Mets are part of the National Football League as well.
I am not much into sports. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach and I hear he is cute
He's a killer. But, I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots fan. Are you?
No, I don't really know anything about him. What is your favorite player?
Sure. Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, memoir, and romance. Do you like these genres?
Yes, she is a wonderful actress. She wrote The Little Princess and Persuasion. Do you like her work?
Sure she has written a lot of children's literature, including Speculative Fiction, Romance and Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Oh yes. That is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes he is! Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, which was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He starred in She's All That a romantic comedy. Have you seen it? He's great in it!
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Roth
Hope you enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les visiteurs. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it is in the English language.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Oh yes, I believe he was from Ireland. Ireland is such a beautiful country. I'm not much of a golf fan.
Yup, they are all from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Yes, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise?
It is! The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
Gladiator is also a good one!
Okay, enjoy!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Great, I would recommend The King by the same author, as District 9.
The Neon Demon stars in X-Men 2. That's a great thriller.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I know she sang a thousand years for the movie Twilight. Are any of her songs very famous?
Yes, that is correct. Do you know any of her songs?
I like both of them! I like the older songs, like Selena Gomez.
Definitely! It's a classic.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that what you're looking for?
Sure, Fiery Cross was written by Elizabeth George Speare, who also wrote a book called Neverwhere.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro, The Complete Maus, and A Memory of Light.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read those?
Do you like movies directed by Todd Phillips?
I have not seen Old School. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure. I know he plays for the Miami Heat. Do you like that sport?
I have not read it. But since Hans Christian Andersen is one of the stars in it. It was a great movie!
I haven't read it yet but I have heard of it. What genre do you like?
Yes, she did! Winter Garden was released in 2012. I hope you enjoy it!
Anytime!
I would say he wrote II Principe.
He wrote it in English and has won a Nobel Prize in Literature
Nice, have you read any of his books?
There are so many to choose from!
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and its a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy genres?
I don't have any information on her. However, she did write Up and the Revenge of the Brides.
It is a crime drama. Do you like movies starring Craig Ferguson?
The BFG is a good Family Movie. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Steve Ballmer is one of their major players
oh really what would you like to know
I don't have information on Hardaway but I can tell you that Tom Hardaway was also drafted to the Houston Rockets
Yes, I agree, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
Do you like The Gunslinger because it is written by Stephen King or because it is a thriller, written by Stephen King?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie
It is a thriller that also stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Robert Downey Jr. is the producer.
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Oh, I'm not sure. Do you know who owns the team?
I was not a big fan of the Browns. I did not know their home venue is the Whitney Houston.
Jay Rubin wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
He also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
I'm not sure but it was released in 2013
He also wrote
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a memoir. Is that of interest?
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote Pursuit of Happiness, which is a Memoir.
Your welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those kind of movie?
Predators was released in 2010, have you seen the movie Predator 2?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have information about Insurgent. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy the movie!
Sure. Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote Where the Heart Is. Do you like drama?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes it is! Did you want to add it to your queue?
Yes it is! It also stars Kate Beckinsale and Joan Rivers.
I actually don't see that information, but Cynthia Nixon was in the film.
He is such a great actor! He was also in In the Heat of the Night, which is a great film.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Muppets!
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like their work?
Yes, Unbreakable is a science fiction. It's starring Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lawrence.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I don't really follow soccer, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
My favorite National Football team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much about them now, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't follow football much, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and Patriots. What do you think about them?
Yes, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. It is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
Diana Gabaldon wrote Outlander and it is a sci-fi novel.
X-Men is an excellent sci-fi movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand, or Zombieland.
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. It is fiction and was released in 1960.
That's a great book. It was written by Rupert Everett.
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. Also in Drama.
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, not very familiar with them. I did find they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Well, I know he's a German footballer and a midfielder. Are you a big fan?
I believe he also played for FC Bayern Munich, another team that I like.
Sure, One for the Money is a book written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like Kirsten Smith?
Sure, it was written by Meg Cabot. It's a romantic comedy as well
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes, she was, it is a great comedy as well as The Chemist.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She also was in Vampire Academy, which is a comedy.
It's considered a comedy. It's very entertaining!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Poehler. Do you like her comedy?
Yes she did. She also starred in a TV show called The Wedding Date. Have you heard of it?
She has been in quite a few roles. She's been in a number of shows, including The Women of Brewster Place, Wonderland, and Lady Gaga.
Sure, he starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that one.
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was released in 1995.
Yeah, he did. He also directed Escape from New York and Into the Wild.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Ethan Hawke and Angelina Jolie also star in that one as well. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller, staring Kathryn Bigelow. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box as well. It was released in 2000.
The Box is a Thriller and was produced by Stanley Kubrick. Do you like thrillers?
You might also enjoy the Golden Compass starring Kyla Pratt who also starred in the movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Assassin and the Underworld.
I'm not sure about Queen of Shadows but she also wrote The Assassin and the Underworld
I can also recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might like Zero Dark Thirty.
Sure, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. It also stars Anthony Edwards and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Enjoy!
Sure, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It definitely is. Do you like those type of books?
You're welcome.
Yes, do you like The Proposal because it is starring Sandra Bullock?
She has been in a lot of movies. You should check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both great movies.
All About Steve is a comedy, drama and comedy.
Enjoy
Are you referring to Paper Towns that was written by John Green?
Sure, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska.
It's a mystery.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
It was released in 1943.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy genres?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell
Yes, she wrote the book.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance
Your welcome
I believe he wrote the animation called Wreck It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He's also a director. He directed the movie.
You might enjoy Wag the Dog, or Monsters vs. Aliens. Those are my favorite.
Not really. I am a Danish tennis fan, but I do know that she is dating Rory McIlroy. Do you like her?
Did you like Venus better than Serena Williams?
I'm pretty sure it's a comedy.
Sure! He starred in Man of Steel, Dawn of the Dead, and Insomnia. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, the main actors were Nick Cassavetes and Steve Buscemi.
Yes, it is a comedy. It's a great movie to watch from time to time.
Sure, X-Men: First Class is also considered a Sci-Fi/Fantasy movie.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, are you a fan?
Then I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Magic of Recluce.
Yes, it's a part of the series The Sweet Far Thing. If you're looking for more of Speculative fiction, it's a great book!
There's The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them yet.
Sure, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery book. Do you like those types of books?
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No Problem! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. They won the Super Bowl XXVIII.
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos player, who was a former NFC North Carolina Panthers fan. Do you like him?
The coach is John Fox. Do you know any other sports besides football?
What sports do you like?
He's a great player! What is your favorite team?
Yes! He's a midfielder on the Spain national football team. Do you like this athlete?
I am not sure, but I know Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder.
Yes it is. It's located in the United States.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read it?
It is a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Great! Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are both Sci-Fi books.
Yes it was! You are welcome.
I do. I like his song One Time. Do you know it?
I like Lose Yourself. I think that is my favorite. What is yours?
I didn't know that. Is that a genre of music?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy novel and was released in 1999. I'm not sure how it's about but I know it was released in 1976.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Well, he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois. They won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Do you like Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a French Crime Fiction.
Logan Lerman stars in Zulu. I'm not sure who else stars in Zulu.
Enjoy!
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and released in 2007.
Well, since he has written Thirteen Reasons Why, it is also a romance novel.
I have never read them, only that it is a book.
It was released in 2007. I think he will like it.
It's an excellent romance novel written by Emma Stone. Do you like romance novels?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility a romance novel. Have you read those?
It actually came out in 1817.
Ok, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. Are you familiar with that film?
Tilda Swinton starred in You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and produced by Steven Spielberg.
The Red Violin was released in 1997 and stars Michelle Pfeiffer and Anthony Hopkins. The Red Violin is a thriller and was written by John Lennon.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy.
