Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a great movie! If you like action films, you might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a action movie and also falls under the genre Action. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy them!
I know he wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Terry Pratchett and stars Tom Hanks.
Sarah Silverman has been in a number of films such as The Lady in the Lake and The Hour I First Believed
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont
yes that is correct.
I hope you enjoy it.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's considered a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
The Guard is starring Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle. Do you like any of those actors?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for Pune Warriors India and the India national team.
I don't have any information on the players on the team. I do know a few players on the Pakistan national team.
Mike Newell directed a lot of movies. One of my favorites is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by Jennifer Crusie. Do you like her work?
You're welcome!
Okay, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
No, I don't follow basketball much. Who is your favorite player?
I'm a big football fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I heard Dimitar Berbatov is great! He's a great player.
I'm not a huge fan of cricket but if I'm not a huge fan of the sport I like.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is an action movie released in 2010.
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like romantic comedies, you might also like The Running Man or The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I know it stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I do, he is a great actor. Have you seen Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee? It is a thriller
I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
I like him too! He directed the movie We Are Marshall. Have you seen it?
It was written by Richard Condon and has a genre of drama.
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Okay. I'll send it to you now.
Yes, it is a horror film. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William directed The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen it?
William Friedkin also directed The French Connection. Have you seen that one?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Romance film starring Christian Bale and Christian Bale.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the author F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Surgeon is written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
The clockwork princess is a satire. Do you like satire?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, Unforgiven is starring Matt Damon and was written by David Benhioff.
Clint Eastwood starred in the X-Men movies, have you seen that?
I'm going to add both to my list.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. He also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love Madonna's song Till the World Ends. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What genres do you like?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he directed and starred in the movie The Doom Generation. Have you seen that one?
I know she plays cricket for the India national cricket team. Do you like cricket?
Yes he did and he also play for Chennai Super Kings.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes I Love You. Have you heard of it?
i'm sorry i do not have any information on that. what else can i do for you today?
it is starring Sandra Bullock. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey is an author. what else can i answer for you today?
Arsenal is a sports team. Are you a fan of this sport?
I've never been to the Dodgers but I've heard they're a good team.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Jane Adams also stars in The Wackness which is a comedy. It is also a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes it was released in 2015.
You're welcome
Sure! He directed Taken 2 and Colombiana. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and he also starred in Taken 3
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy!
I am not a big football fan but I do know that they are having a good season. Do you like football?
I don't think it's overrated so I don't know much about it.
Oh wow. Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a screenwriter and a screenwriter. Do you like screenwriters?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., and The Young Elites?
George Clooney wrote and directed Good Luck too. Did you know he also wrote The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the author Dean Koontz?
It was written by Trunk Music. It's part of a series.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Ordinary of Zenda and The Infernal Devices.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Have you tried the Lord of the Flies series? It is a fiction.
You are welcome
I think she is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about her music but I do like dance music. Do you like dance music?
I don't know any similar artists but I do know that David Guetta is also a model and a model.
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Emily Bronte and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That's right. Would you like me to add it to your read list?
Then you might like Shark Night. That's a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was produced by Wes Craven. He also wrote and produced that.
I don't know about that. But he was in a movie called Into the Wild. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he directed The Is 40 and The Recruit. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his work?
Yes he is
Yes he is a great songwriter
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer
Do you like that movie because it's a thriller?
Did you know there's Something About Mary is written by Peter Farrelly and stars Ben Stiller. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but it is a Romantic Comedy.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was released in 1926.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
It was written by George Orwell and released in 1945. Are you familiar with his work?
Then you might also enjoy A Fairy Story. It was also written by George Orwell.
Yes, she wrote The Color Purple and The Temple of My Familiar
I am not sure about that
The genre is Historical period drama
Your welcome
Oldboy is a Thriller like Oldboy. Is that a genre you like?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Lady Vengeance.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great movie. Have you seen it?
He wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Presumed: Apocalypse Now
He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information right now but I do know that he wrote Wonderful Town: New York Stories.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Jurassic park is a great movie! It was directed by Peter Buchman.
Correct! Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I think Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a striker for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Haha, I love that movie. It stars Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler?
Sure! Do you like books written by J.R.R Tolkien?
The Golden Compass written by J.R.R Tolkien is a great adventure book.
I'm sorry, I don't have any books similar to The Hobbit.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
Then you might like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt
I'm glad I could help!
Sure! Did you like the movie because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a thriller?
If you like sci-fi, you might want to check out Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
If you like X-Men, you might want to watch X-Men, or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a re-drama, do you like realism?
Sure. Joss Ackland is a very well-known film. He also starred in The House of Mirth which is a Romance film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots and is married to Gisele.
I didn't know he is married to Gisele. Did you know he is a musician?
That was a good movie. He was also in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know it stars Bruce Willis and Bruce Willis?
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy The Subtle Knife or The Prestige. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did! He also wrote The Last Man. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Alien is written by Ronald Shusett and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
If you like sci-fi, you should check out The Hunger Games. It's also a science fiction movie.
I don't know much about Bats. I don't know much about Bats. But I do know that it's part of the NFC South series.
You're welcome!
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Zombieland, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or Zombieland?
She sure does! It's also a great sci-fi.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is a horror film. Do you like horror?
He is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote The Legend of Tarzan.
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room. Have you heard of it?
The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is a fantasy novel
Sure, Lemony Snicket is a writer and he is also a teacher and a poet
Yes, I do. Did you know he was influenced by Selena Gomez
Yes he does and he is also a musician and a musician.
I have! I love that movie! It is one of my favorites!
Ok! Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers and Windtalkers. Have you seen those movies?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I think he is a great athlete and plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about football but I prefer American Football. How about you?
That's a good one! I have a lot of books on the streets as well!
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the series is starring J.K. Rowling
Jack Thorne starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure about that but I do know they play at Arrowhead Stadium.
They're in the AFC West, right?
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, did you know he is a singer/songwriter?
I like that genre, do you like that genre?
I can't think of any of his songs, but if I'm a fan of his, he's a great singer, songwriter, and actress.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player and plays point guard for the Houston Rockets.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The last game against the Timberwolves was yesterday.
Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and Batman Begins.
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote Vampire Academy. Is that a book you'd like?
Yes he wrote рестуление и накаание and диот.
I am sorry, I do not have that information in my data.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a great children's literature, but also falls into that genre. Have you read that one?
I would recommend The Golden Compass. It's a great children's film.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him. I do know he is a German footballer from Germany.
Yuvan Shankar also played for the Mumbai Indians and also the Mumbai Indians team.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by John Irving and is a Thriller?
Are you a fan of books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because it is a fantasy?
Sarah J. Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses. Have you read that one?
Sarah J. Maas also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
You're welcome!
James Cameron wrote The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
That's correct. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator. It's a Romance.
Titanic was released in 2010.
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Madame Bovary is a Romance novel?
If you like romance novels, you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife and The Best of Me.
It is considered a Romance and Historical.
She wrote The Hunger Games. Have you read it?
I agree. I like Serena Williams better than Venus. How about you?
They were both better. I think MartinaNava was also a great tennis player.
Yes, she is a great female tennis player.
She is a pro golfer from Honolulu.
That's interesting. Did you know he won the U.S. Golfer of the year?
I agree! Did you know he won the PGA Tour in 2012.
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm glad I could help.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, do you like this book because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi
Yes, 2014 was the year that released Me. Have you read that?
The World of Ice and Fire was written by Caroline Kepnes and was released in 2014.
George R.R. Martin also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed.
It was released in 2016. It is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marc Forster directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Machine Gun Preacher is a thriller and Finding Neverland is a thriller.
The star cast would be Emily Blunt, Tom Everett and Jeremy Renner.
It came out in 2003.
Of course! Enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes, I know he wrote a separate Peace
It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is a book similar to Un Lun Dun
Your welcome
Are you a fan of the author, Jane Austen, or the genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion.
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of historical drama.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Okay, then you'll like Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome!
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and stars Jim Uhls. Do you like Jim Uhls?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome!
Sure! Do you like the author J.K. Rowling? She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Have you seen the whole harry potter series? If so you will like Part 1 as well.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote a number of books. One of them being The Lorax, The Social Network and The Social Network. Have you heard of those?
Sure, it is a self help book, written by Mindy Kaling and was released in 2011.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
He wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина, and she also wrote аренина.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Cathereine Hardwicke is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Vertigo which is a thriller.
Red Riding Hood stars Seth Rogen, Katharine McPhee, and Christian Bale.
I don't know anything else she directed, but I can tell you that the movie is based on the book.
He is a soccer player and plays for Manchester United F.C.
I know a few facts about him in that sport. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes he is. He's also a forward and forward.
I haven't seen it but I do know that he directed and directed it. Have you seen it?
Yes he was. He also starred in The Patient which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Colin Firth also starred in What Happens in Vegas. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple
That's a great movie. Did you know she also starred in The Lady in the Lake?
Yes, I'll add it now.
Lauren Kate wrote Winter's Tale and Lauren Kate wrote it. Have you read them?
Torment is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2010. It's part of a series.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an actor who starred in many movies. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any others.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I know they are coached by David Platt and Jose Mourinho. Do you like them?
I don't know of any current players but I do know they are part of the NFC South division
You're welcome
Lauren Oliver wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
You should read The Assassin's Blade. It's a thriller.
Vanishing Girls is considered a thriller. It's a great read.
You're welcome!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Longest Daycare.
Yes, they are the same type of movies.
You're welcome!
I am not a huge fan of him but I do know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Oh, I didn't know he was a writer. He's a prolific writer.
Yes, that is a great movie! It stars Orlando Bloom and is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I sure can, Orlando also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy, have you seen them?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes! It is written by James Dashner and is Young-adult fiction.
The Death Cure is written by Rick Riordan
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
I am not sure about that, but I do know he starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice which was a TV show.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction and Death Proof. Have you seen those?
Have you seen Grindhouse? It stars Vin Diesel. It's a great movie.
Death Proof is a thriller starring Will Smith and Rosario Dawson.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in the movie The Secret Life of Bees?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The House of Mirth. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Great! Then you might also like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
I'm glad I could help.
I agree! She is a great tennis player. I think her and her sister Serena are amazing tennis players.
I think Serena is better than her sister Serena. How about Serena?
Wow. I didn't know Serena was the owner of the Miami Dolphins.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombian Football team. Do you like soccer?
I believe he is a forward for the Miami Heat.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
If you like Comedy, you should check out The Alone. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio. It's a great comedy.
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know anything about that. I do know he is a singer, songwriter and a model.
I agree. Demi Lovato is a great singer. She has a lot of talent in her songs.
Sure. Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote The Green Mile.
He also wrote The Green Mile and The Green Mile
You're welcome!
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is part of a series. The next in the series is Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, if you like fiction you'll like The Assassin and the Desert.
I do! He starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool.
Yes, he starred in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen that one?
It's a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a great movie.
do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade?
The Last Crusade is a thriller
Rohit Sharma is an Indian international cricketer for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like cricket?
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete, and he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur and governance of Citigroup.
Aldous Huxley starred in The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure when it was released. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Doors of Perception and Brave New World. Have you read them?
I don't know the author but I do know it was written by Christopher Nolan
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight. Have you read either of those?
The Quiet American is a thriller and is a thriller.
Without Remorse is a thriller and it is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
This movie is Thriller
Brad Pitt starred in the movie The Thirteenth Floor
Are you a fan of the author J.K. Rowling's because it is a fantasy?
Did you enjoy The Help because it is a drama?
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in The Help?
Yes, and Ryan Reynolds also starred in The Relic. Have you seen that one?
I know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll have to check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper starred in it?
The Client is a Client's book. Do you like this genre?
The Client is a Drama/Comedy. Do you like Dramas?
John Grisham also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I think he is a great football player, do you like football?
I know he plays for Manchester United F.C
I enjoy watching Gymnastics but i don't follow sports much
I like baseball, what about you?
Yes i do like football in the summer
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by David Platt. Do you like football?
I don't really follow soccer much, I don't know much about soccer either.
I agree. They play in the Premier League as well!
Did you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a mystery.
You are welcome
You're welcome
Do you like books written by Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
It was written by Jane Austen
It was written by Virginia Woolf and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like this author?
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome.
I think so. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2016?
No, I didn't. I'm not sure about that. Is she a good actress?
I love that song. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2016. She also wrote Call Me Maybe, that's a great show.
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen it?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary.
It was released in 1856 and is in the English language.
It's a romance novel that was made into a movie. If you like romance novels, you should check out Madame Bovary.
He also wrote Madame Bovary. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote Madame Bovary. It's a romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great, I'll add it to your list.
You're welcome!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I am not sure about that. But Joseph Conrad also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2015.
Cormac McCarthy wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that one.
Cormac McCarthy is the author of the book.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote a book called Jane Eyre. It's a romance novel.
I'm not sure about that, but if you like Jane Eyre, it's a great book.
You're welcome!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
I don't have any other pieces of work by Lamb.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a recurring writer on Maktub, which was released in 2015.
Veronika Decide Morrer was a teacher and a teacher.
Kyrie Irving plays for Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I do like basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you watch basketball?
I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, it was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist.
I'm glad I could help.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote The Three Musketeers.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Sarah J. Maas wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read it?
Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade.
I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
Kodi Smit-Mchee also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Dead Europe is an action film. If you like action films, you should check out The Passage if you like action films.
You're welcome!
Sure. Artificial Intelligence is starring Brad Pitt and is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
If you like Dramas, you should watch The X-Men series. Have you seen it?
You are welcome have a great day
Sure! This is The End is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
It is a Psychological Thriller. James Franco also starred in The Green Mile which is a Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear more about this author?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Have you read them?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think about them?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Have you seen Jerry Jones in all of the Cowboys?
Oh ok. Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk and starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey movies?
Steve Carell also starred in The Mask. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on Zathura: A Space Adventure. He also directed The Kids Are All Right.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
Tina Fey wrote such books as Tina Fey and Tina Fey. Tina Fey also wrote Tina Fey and Tina Fey.
Yes he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Taken. Have you seen those?
Cicely Tyson also stars in The Help and Get on Up. Have you seen it?
She did star in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the actors or the genre?
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure! Do you like Star Wars because it is a Sci-Fi or Adventure film?
Indiana Jones starred in the Star Wars film, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Harrison Ford also starred in the movie The Time Traveler's Wife.
Do you like the author Paula McLain or the genre?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
Circling the Sun is a romance novel that was released in 2015.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
She has starred in a number of films, including Winter's Bone and The Postal Service. Have you seen those?
Do you like Red Dawn because it is a comedy?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies by him.
Okay, I'll add that to my list of movies to watch.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and Robert Duvall stars in it.
Yes, Sofia Coppola also starred in The Godfather.
Yes, he did.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Namesake and The Three Musketeers.
I don't have any other Romance novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was! It was a great book. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Stieg Larsson starred in Män som hatar kvinnor
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She was a screenwriter for The Velveteen Rabbit. Have you heard of her?
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of this genre. However, I can tell you that there's a movie called Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry and has genre Speculative fiction.
I think he is a good football player, do you like football?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I've never been to a football game before. Who is your favorite player?
Yeah, it was a lot of fun to watch but it was a lot of fun! Do you like any other sports?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It is a fantasy novel
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University and Monsters University. Do you like Monsters?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Ryan Gosling starred in Monsters University. He is a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
Niccol Machiavelli also wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.
Yes, he is a composer and lyricist. Do you like his music?
I like all of his music. I think he's also a model and a model.
I like some of his music. I think I'll add them to my playlist. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and stars Rufus Sewell and Mark Wahlberg.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book about cancer and was written by Rebecca Wells.
Walk the Line was written by Rebecca Wells and stars Tom Waits. It's a great biography.
It's a great movie. It's a biography and a biography.
I think she is a very talented singer. What do you think of her?
I like Taylor Swift too. I like her song Valentine's Day. Have you heard it?
Yeah, Shakira is a very talented singer.
She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
White Squall is a film and one of the main stars is Jack Nicholson. Do you like his acting?
Of course! Coming of Age is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You as well!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1987.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on one of his books.
Glad I could help!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Yes, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan and is a romantic comedy. What else can i do for you?
Sure! Scream is a Horror movie. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I am a fan of a lot of horror movies. Wes Craven also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen that?
Sure, it is a horror movie and Johnny Depp stars in it as well.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. Randy Couture starred in The Expendables. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you familiar with her work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Mortal Instrument Series is in the genre fantasy.
Okay, let me know if I can help you with anything else.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Do you know if he is a table tennis player?
I don't know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
You're welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly
Stuck on You is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
I know they are a German football team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Louis van Gaal is a soccer coach. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did
I think he is a great singer, songwriter, and musician.
Yes, he plays for the South Africa.
Sure. Clint Eastwood directed Million Dollar Baby and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen those?
Morgan Freeman starred in Million Dollar Baby. It's a drama.
Enjoy!
He directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen either of those?
The Tourist is a thriller and The Lives of Others is a thriller.
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Miguel Artela.
It was released in 2007. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I think they are doing well this season. Who do you like?
Yeah he was great in the NBA Finals too!
Yeah, he's great! He's my favorite player for the Golden State Warriors.
Jane Eyre wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is one of my favorites.
He has written a number of great romance novels, one being Jane Eyre
Xenocide is a good one
I don't know much about him other than he's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I enjoy watching college basketball. I'm a big fan of the Washington Redskins. How about you?
No, I didn't know that.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a tragicomedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by James Frey and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! A Million Little Pieces is a mystery novel written by Frey and is in the genre memoir.
I don't have any information on any other films he directed.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes, it was released in 1600
Yes. Shakespear's Tale is a drama
Sure. Added to your list.
I know he plays for the Germany national football team and FC Bayern Munich II
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and also a midfielder as well.
Not really, I am more of a fan of American Football. I don't really follow soccer much. What about you?
I think he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Basel is a tennis player from Belgium. Do you like tennis?
Is she the singer/musician that starred in What's Up?
No, I didn't know Call Me Maybe won the Pulitzer Prize for Video.
That's true. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2015?
Do you like Jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the movie Jaws 2
You're welcome!
I recommend Amelie. Have you seen it?
Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Rob Cohen starred in The Maze Runner. Have you seen it?
The skulls is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Steven Spielberg and has genre Psychological Thriller.
He also starred in The Assassin's Blade and The Golden Compass.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Wilde and Valkyrie.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know that they are a National Football League team. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about football but I do know the team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I like to watch the Carolina Panthers and the Denver Broncos. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, did you know he is a singer?
Somewhere I Belong is a pop rock movie. Do you like pop music?
I haven't heard of them but I do like their music. They are very popular.
I'm not a big American Football fan but I do enjoy watching American Football. How about you?
Yeah, they did. They're a great team. They're a good team, though.
They beat the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII. They're a great team!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
The most popular one would be X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it is starring Tom Skritt or because it is fantasy?
Yes, it is a sci-fi action movie.
Of course! Garfield also stars in a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a professional basketball team based in New York.
I'm not a fan of basketball but I do enjoy watching the NBA finals. How about you?
I do! I love the Buffalo Bills.
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it is in the Thriller genre. Have you seen it?
She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in such films.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, he has starred in The Lorax and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Robin Williams was also in The Birdcage. Have you seen it?
No, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. I like Orlando Bloom. Do you like the fantasy genre?
He sure was! He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that genre.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is a Thriller?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
True Grit is a crime movie. Do you like crime movies?
Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak. Have you seen it?
I don't know of any action movies with Matt Damon, but he is a great actor. I think his best wife is Matt Damon.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Richelle Mead. Do you like sci-fi?
He also directed Superbad which is a Drama. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Steven Cummings and is starring Tom Hanks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, it is classified as a drama.
Thomas Kretschmann starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, it's a great movie! It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is also in it.
I think they are one of the best teams in the NFL. They're part of the NFC south.
They're a good team!
They won Super Bowl X.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent
The End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of them?
Channing Tatum starred in The End. He also starred in The Rum Diary.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Young Lions and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Vow also stars Seth Rogen and Liam Neeson. It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in The Red Dragon and The Mask of Zorro.
Happy to help!
Schindler's List is a horror film. Have you seen it?
She was in The Lion King. Have you seen it?
I highly recommend The Lion King. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Hancock is starring Will Smith and was written by Will Smith. Do you like his acting?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
It is a Romantic Comedy.
Okay, have a great day!
Yes, he is a forward for Manchester United F.C.
i didn't know Fabrio Capello was a midfielder for the Spain national football team.
I do. I like the New England Patriots.
Yes, he is a great actor. Steve McQueen wrote and directed Christmas movies. Have you seen that one?
I like contemporary R & B but I don't know much about them.
They're both from South Korea and they have a boy Band. They have a lot of different players like Yuvraj Singh and Yuvraj Singh. Do you like them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Wild Bill. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Tragicomedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Hugh Jackman stars in the Wolverine. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Alejandro Amenábar is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
He was a recurring writer on the TV show The Proposal.
Yes, he is a composer and a screenwriter. He wrote and directed the popular Harry Potter series. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that Ziggy Marley starred in The Hunger Games.
I sure can! Epatha Merkerson wrote My Soul to Take, which is a Romance film. Have you seen it?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a romantic comedy.
She also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Steven D. Levitt is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Steven D. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
I have! Steven D. Dubner is from New York and he is from New York.
That's a good one. Steven D. Dubner is also a writer and he wrote The Longest Daycare and The Longest Yard.
Edgar Wright wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you heard of it?
It is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is very talented. You should give it a try.
Yes, Coldplay is a band with Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
Its a great movie starring Denzel Washington. Do you like her?
I am not sure but I do know that there is a film version of The Escapist
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters. Have you heard of it?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2011 and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
It was released in 2014. I hope you like it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he's a good basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
I didn't know he was a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Do you like basketball?
I have seen him play on TV. Did you know he is from Oakland?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction.
Yes, Zombie also wrote and directed it.
Sure. He directed and starred in Grindhouse, which is an action movie.
Big Fish was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Kenny Ortega also starred in the Romantic and Musical. It's a great movie.
Yes, I can. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Phil LaMarr wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of it?
It also stars Sam LaMarre and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Do you like those actors?
The Powerpuff Girls Movie is a drama, do you like this genre?
You're welcome!
They are a basketball team. The Brooklyn Nets are a professional basketball team based in New York.
Do you like sci-fi?
If you like action movies you should check out Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
It stars Xzibit and X-Men Apocalypse Now
Sure! Do you like books written by Richelle Mead?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
I believe she is a tennis player from Mumbai, but I don't know much about her.
No, I'm not a fan of tennis but I do follow Serena Williams' sister Serena.
I haven't seen that one yet. I will have to check it out.
Sure! He starred in a few such as Looking for Richard. Have you seen it?
Two for the Money is a Romance and Drama.
I don't know of any comedies that he starred in.
Sure, do you like books written by Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
Stephen King wrote Stepford Wives. It is a satire and was released in 1987.
She also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it was released in the same year as A Thousand Years.
You're welcome
I do! He starred in a lot of movies including The Romantic Comedy and The Iliad. Have you seen those?
I would highly recommend Zero Dark Thirty, if you like crime fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy-drama that was released in 2011.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more suggestions for movies in this genre.
Of course! Unaccompanied Minors is added.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a Disney director. Do you like Disney movies?
Water for Elephants is a Romance and Adventure film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Logan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was. Leo Tolstoy was the author of Boyhood.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies he has starred in.
You're welcome!
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
You're welcome
Sure! The Social Network was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Both Justin Timberlake and Aliena Gomez star in the film
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment.
You are welcome
Yes, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote the comic copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is probably most well known for his book The Sweeney. Have you read that one?
Zadie Smith wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Golden Compass.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York. Have you seen it?
It is a science fiction film directed by John Carpenter and stars Tom Hanks.
I will have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Escape from New York is a science fiction movie.
Sure! Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote Lord of the Rings.
It was also written by J.R.R Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and The Infernal Devices
Sure, did you like the Matrix because it starred Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves, Keanu Reeves, and Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about these actors?
Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wind in the Door was written by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it is part of a series?
If you like Science Fiction, you might like The Time Machine or The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. It was released in the same year as A Wind in the Door. Have you read it?
The Golden Compass is a good one. It's also a Science Fiction book.
Dexter in the Dark was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Matrix series. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance film.
Swarup was released in 2013.
You're welcome
Aidan Turner starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Do you like his acting?
Aidan Turner starred in the Hobbit. Have you seen it?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a drama
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Golden Compass is directed by Richelle Mead
Do you like this author because of the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zacharia is a great children's book!
Yes, it is Speculative fiction.
I do! It's written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote, The Secret History.
She was born in New York in the United States of America.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams and is a Thriller. Do you like that author?
The Ship of Brides is a great book. Have you read it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
He also wrote Paper Towns. It's a great book!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Sworn Sword and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Tim Miller starred in The Samurai. Have you heard of it?
The Black Hat is a mystery/mystery movie, do you like this genre?
The Goon is a great movie, some other movies he directed are The Legend of Tarzan and The Goon
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro
Guillermo del Toro is a Spanish movie. He also starred in The Son of Sobek.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other Fantasy movies in my opinion.
Enchanted is a great movie! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read those?
Did you know George Carlin also starred in The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide
Michael York also wrote The Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, I do. He wrote ,  and  .
I did like the Odyssey. Did you know Homer's Iliac is also a film?
I do like dramas. Did you know he also produced The Godfather Part II with Francis Ford Coppola?
Robert Duvall also stars in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Sean Penn wrote the book into the Wild.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote the movie Into the Wild and he directed it too.
Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild which is an action film. Have you seen it?
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in Wreck-It Ralph?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech.
Sure! Les Miserables is one of my favorite actors, have you seen that one?
Okay, enjoy!
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. What do you think of him?
I don't know about her. I think Selena Gomez is a great singer and actress.
I agree. I've never heard about her. Is she a good singer?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is a German footballer who plays as a forward for Bayern Munich II.
Their coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
I am not sure but I do know that they won the 2009 UEFA Team.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Stephen King is the author
Glad I could help
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It is a drama, do you like dramas?
Yes, it was adapted into a movie.
You are welcome!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction.
the book is based on the book but the movie is based on the book
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called The Assassin and the Desert.
Nina Auerbach wrote Lolita, have you heard of that one?
You are welcome.
Yes, it is written by J.R.R Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, if you like fantasy you might like The Looking Glass Wars.
He's a great actor. He was also in The Golden Compass and The Dark Knight.
I think they're a great team but I don't know much about them anymore. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys but I'm more a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Jerry Jones owns the Houston Texans and the Houston Texans.
Julian Glover starred in Troy, which is a sci-fi
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, it's a good movie.
I'm not sure when it came out, but Saffron Burrows was in Saffron Burrows!
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a great movie.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which was a good read.
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in 1850
The Waves was a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I agree! Maria Sharapova is a great tennis player. Did you know she is also a model?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player and also a model.
I'm not a fan of American Football but I see American Football is a great sport to watch.
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I do know he is a cricketer.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it was also a movie.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
The Avengers is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Yes he wrote X-men 2 and X-men 2
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Glad to help
Sure, do you like because it is written by Dan Brown or because it is starring Dan Brown?
If you like romance films, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's also in the romance genre.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
He is American. Are you a fan of his?
The Dead Zone is a Psychological Thriller
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Yes, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it is starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also stars in the movie Larry Crowne which is a romantic comedy
Larry Crowne is one of the most popular movies of our time.
Great, I hope you like it!
Okay, I'm glad I could help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it's a mystery as is the second book in the series.
The Return is a mystery and was directed by Mark Haddon.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. How about you?
It's funny how the Seahawks are doing well this season but I don't know much about them anymore.
Do you like the Cowboys?
It was written by Jerry Spinelli and is a Young-adult fiction.
Jerry Spinelli also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring. It's a great read.
Of course! Wicked Lovely was written by Melissa Marr and is in the genre of young adult fiction.
I think he is a great tennis player, do you like tennis?
I didn't know he lost to Roger Federer, but I think he's a good tennis player.
I agree. I like Federer more than Roger Federer.
Sure, do you like the author, Mary GrandPre because it is a young-adult fiction?
J. K. Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, do you like the author Liane Moriarty or the genre?
Yes that's correct. Big Little Lies was also written by Eliane Moriarty.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think they're a good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys but my favorite is the Carolina Panthers
They are 3rd in the Super Bowl XLI
I do. I love the Cowboys.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars Samuel L. Jackson and Hugh Jackman.
She wrote God's Smuggler. Have you read that?
The Hiding Place is Non-Fiction, and Children's Literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions about movies starring Noah Emmerich.
Ok, Ip Man is a great movie.
Okay, enjoy!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He was in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It stars Sean Penn and is a Thriller.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi?
Have you seen World War Z? It is a great Sci-Fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read those?
I haven't read any of her other books, but I do know that The Boston Girl is a very good read.
You're welcome!
That book was written by Little Princess. Would you like to know more about this book?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
That was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Time Traveler's Wife.
A Farewell to Arms to Have and Have Not was also written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance film.
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Charlie Hunnam stars in Year One. He is a great actor
Yes he also starred in Ghostbusters
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, did you know he is a singer?
The Green Lantern stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks also stars in that movie. Have you seen it?
There is X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen them?
Yes she was. She also starred in the X-Men movies.
Sure! Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Secret Life of Bees which is a Romance film.
Yes, he starred in Micmacs. Have you seen it?
I am not sure when he started. I do know he is a comedian.
You are welcome.
The Oceans at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You are welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in The Lorax, The Stripes, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Do you like the Dictator because it is a Sci-Fi?
Charlie Wilson's War is a comedy-drama starring Tom Hanks.
It is a spy genre. If you like spy genres, you should check it out.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams and was released in 2011.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great author. He wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, if you like novels by Dumas, you should check out The Three Musketeers.
You're welcome!
Mark Haddon wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
I have not, but I know Peter Capaldi also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Randal Kleiser also directed White Fang. Enjoy!
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
Yes. The Great Gilly Hopkins has a genre of Children's Literature and Children's Literature.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I know that he wrote Walking Disaster. Have you read that one?
Walking Disaster has a genre of Thriller, Romance and Drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the Matrix Reloaded because it stars Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi?
He also stars in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on John Wick. Can I help with anything else?
I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She composed You Lost Me. Have you heard of it?
Yes she did and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Chorography.
Oh yes, Australia is on the bucket list. I'm afraid I don't know anything about her.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I like romance films, but I'm not a big fan of romance films.
I'm not sure about that, but it is a romance film.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel?
Vampire Academy was also written by Richelle Mead
Yes he did
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission: Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because Tom Cruise in it?
Do you like the movie because it is a Fantasy or a Fantasy?
Are you a fan of Will Ferrell's? He also directed and starred in the movie The Dark Knight.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that Will Ferrell starred in the movie Tinker Bell. It's a great movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted. Have you seen it?
Ted Danson is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
I haven't seen that one. Is it a Romance novel?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, The Modern Prometheus is in English.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Namesake and The Name of the Wind. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1856 and is a romance novel.
Yes, she did
I know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I like the Cowboys though. How about you?
I know a little about basketball but I'm not a fan of sport either.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story.
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen all star in Toy Story 3. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie!
Done! Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't watch basketball either. But I know he plays for the Chicago Bears and the Chicago Bears.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
Sure! Blade Runner is a sci-fi action action film released in 2012.
William Sanderson also stars in The Pursuit of Happiness and The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
William Sanderson was also in The Rocketeer. It's a great movie.
Bood Diamond starred Robert De Niro and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a great movie. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
James Nesbitt starred in The Missing. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance/Comedy.
The Way is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Roger Bart also starred in Law Abiding Citizen. Have you seen that one?
Roger Bart also starred in Law Abiding Citizen. Have you seen that one?
The fifth element is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like Science Fiction movies, you might also like The Matrix or The Matrix.
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of her. She is an amazing performer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What type of music do you like?
I like Lady Gaga too. She is a great singer and actress.
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Three Musketeers.
It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that. But I can tell you that it's in Spanish.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read those?
I believe it is a fiction
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You are welcome
Sure, do you like the actors or the genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
It is a great movie, have you seen it?
It is a Romance and Romance film.
You're welcome
I have not, but I know it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011.
Natasha Preston is a recurring writer on the movie, Silence is a thriller
Natasha Preston also wrote The Manchurian Candidate which is a historical drama
Natasha Preston is the main lead in this movie
You are welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Are you looking for something similar to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time?
The Golden Compass is a great movie. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, it is written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2005.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and Twenties Girl.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue
Yes,It is a Romance novel
Voyager is written by Ann Patchett
You are welcome
She wrote The Search and it was released in 1943.
I am not sure but I do know it was in the year 1904
Yes it was in English
I'm a fan of the Belgium national football team. How about you?
I didn't know that. I don't really follow soccer much, but I do know that Chelsea is a professional football team.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I like the Denver Broncos. How about you?
Yes, he starred in The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those movies?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Yes, he directed and directed The Peabody Video. It is a great movie.
She starred in Shackleton. Have you seen it?
Kevin McNally and Liam Neeson also star in Shackleton.
It came out in 2010 and Kevin McNally also stars in Shackleton.
William Goldman starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen that?
He wrote Speculative fiction and fantasy.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote X-Men and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you read either of those?
I haven't read that one yet, but I will give it a try.
You're welcome!
Emma Stone is in it. Do you like Emma Stone?
Yes he is. Did you know he is married to Emma Stone?
Yes he did! He also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe wrote The Three Musketeers.
Do you like the author Chinua Achebe or the genre?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
You are welcome have a great day
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a Thriller?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
You are welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie and The Time Keeper. Have you read either of these?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a Psychological Thriller
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure, do you like the Matrix because it stars Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Keanu Reeves, and Robert Downey Jr.
I think that is a great movie. Did you know he starred in The Weekend?
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I love A Time to Kill. It is written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't know of any other thrillers by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
The Brethren was released in 2009.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes. It is in the English language.
You're welcome!
It was written by Dr Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Stories.
The Cat in the Hat, The Cat in the Hat, and The Cat in the Hat.
Oh yes. There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by James Dashner.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I like him too. Did you know he starred in The Voice?
I do like Maroon 5 too. Did you know Maroon 5 is a singer/songwriter?
I do. I like the X Factor because Maroon 5 is a great actor.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Romeo and Juliet. Have you read any of these?
You might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare. It is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Anthony Hopkins starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
Yes bobby is starring Anthony Hopkins
I don't know when it was released.
Anthony Hopkins starred in a lot of movies. One of my favorites is The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
you are welcome
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, that's right. Dave McKean wrote that as well as The Absolute Sandman.
I'm not sure about Endless Nights, but I do know that he is a writer, a film producer, and a film producer, producer, and producer.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered a Children's Literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. It's a romance
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. It's also a comedy.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Prestige. It's also in The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I do! It stars Kill Bill: Vol. 2 and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she starred in that movie. She was also in Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
Yes, he stars in Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team. Do you like the Tennessee Titans?
I don't know much about him except that he was a US Navy fan.
I didn't know he was a musician but I do know he was a musician.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
Yes, that is correct.
I don't have any more information about the indie film genre, sorry.
Yes, she is a wonderful singer and song writer. She sings a thousand years.
yes that is true. do you like any other genres?
i think so. do you like basketball?
i hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. What about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
That's a great one! I hope you like it!
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is a book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
He was in The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen that one?
Christopher Lee also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
If you like the Titan's Curse, you should check out The Titan's Curse.
The Titan's Curse is part of Greek Mythology. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
Great! He also directed The Longest Yard. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! She wrote Wicked and Wicked. Have you read either of those yet?
It sure was. It was also a play.
Yes, they co-wrote Wicked.
I hope you enjoy them!
Mhari Calvery directed The Prestige. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure who else stared in Braveheart but I do know it is a historical drama
I don't have that information, sorry.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do! He wrote The Missing. Have you heard of it?
The Bone Clocks is in the English language. Did you know it was written in English?
The Bone Clocks is a fantasy novel written in English. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome
Sure. James Gunn directed The Gunn. It's a thriller.
James Gunn directed Super. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, Zach Gilford also starred in The Boxtrolla and The Giver. Have you seen those?
Okay, enjoy!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice.
Yes, it was released in 1506.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Elysium is a great movie! It stars Matt Damon and was directed by Clint Eastwood.
I have seen him in The Transporter and The Transporter.
Those are both good choices.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about his last album, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
I don't have that information but I do know that it is a comedy-drama film.
I like Pray, I'm more a fan of Sylvester Stallone, but I'm more of a fan of her.
I like hard rock. I'm more of a rock fan myself. How about you?
David McDuff wrote рестуление и накаание.
рестуление и накаание
the Genre is fiction
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she's also an athlete.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. The Universe in a Nutshell is an excellent read.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! I like the song You Again. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes and is a romance novel.
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 2003.
Under Magnolia was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller.
You're welcome!
City of God is starring Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of her?
The Escapist was written by Seu Jorge and stars Seu Jorge. It is a thriller.
He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
Jay Asher wrote The Future of Us. Have you heard of it?
I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide and Xenocide.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other examples of that genre.
It was released in 2007.
I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Historian is written by Roberto Orci and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
I don't know much about suspense but I can tell you it is in the suspense genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Book Thief is a young-adult fiction written by Markus Zusak. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Do you like the movie because it is a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy the movie because it starred Tom Cruise or because it is a drama?
I don't have that information at the moment.
Yes, he starred in that one as well.
You are welcome!
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
They both wrote and directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan
That's a great one! It's part of the Titan's Curse series.
You're welcome!
I'm not a big fan of the music but I do like the song The Weeknd. What song do you like?
The Muppets. Did you know that she also starred in Princess Protection Program?
What Happens in Vegas is a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
I love her! She is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like Will Smith too. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was, and he also starred in The Mask. Have you seen it?
bu James L. Brooks starred in The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
Have you seen White House Down? That's a great movie.
Yes Man is a great movie. It's a great movie. I think you'll like it if you like.
Evan Goldberg is a director. He directed The Interview. Have you seen it?
Great, have a great day! She also starred in The Watch which is a comedy.
Yes, This is the End is considered both comedy and comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
I would recommend Rocky because Sylvester Stallone is a great martial arts director.
John G. Affleck starred in the Last Dragon. He is a great actor.
I am not sure, but Sylvester Stallone also stars in The Cosby.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like the author J.K. Rowling? She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Queen of Attolia is in the genre Drama
No i do not have that information
I am not sure but I do know that there is one of the first one
No, I do not have that information
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of the Cave Bear.
She also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read them?
Sure! Shelters of Stone is a Historical novel that was released in 1929.
Great! Zoe's Tale is also in the genre of Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Seth Rogen and Christian Bale.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and The Golden Compass.
Yes, he did. I hope you enjoy it!
Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer who plays for Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis but I do enjoy golf. I know a lot about Serena Williams is also a tennis player.
Yes, I agree. He is a great athlete.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That's cool. Did you see it? It's a great basketball movie.
I think Reitman was a great director. I think he wrote and directed the movie.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they having a good season?
The Sea of Monsters is written by Rick Riordan.
The Lightning Theif is speculative fiction.
I'm sorry I don't know any Fantasy books.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
This Side of Paradise was released in 2015.
He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Robin Cook is a writer, screenwriter and screenwriter. He wrote a lot of movies.
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a cute movie.
Yes he does. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
I believe it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling : Film Executive Produced: David Copperfield
Ed Sheeran wrote Pretty Little Liars, have you heard that one?
I'm not sure but he did compose that song.
I don't know a whole lot about him, but I think he's a very popular person.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like books written by Rosner and Rosner and Hermann Hesse?
The Thief of Always was written by Virginia Woolf and is in the Romance genre.
Clive Barker also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie! It stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Have you seen it?
Then you might enjoy The Return of the King or The Two Towers.
I agree. He is a great actor. He was born in Chicago and has a lot of responsibilities.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Assassin and the Desert
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
It's a Sherlock Holmes novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Perfect Game was written by Reese Witherspoon.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other films filmed in Mexico.
I love his music. I think he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I like her father's music. Did you see her in The Muppets and The Muppets?
I do. I love her song What Happens in Vegas. Have you seen it?
I do! He directed The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn also stars in it. It is a drama, do you like dramas?
He also wrote the Mists of Avalon which is a drama
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Leterrier and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a drama
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, she starred in it too.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm glad I could help.
You're welcome!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and The Colditz Story. Have you seen those?
He also directed The Legend of Tarzan and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The System of the World. It is a Psychological thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that author.
You're welcome
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, Deadpool. Have you seen Deadpool?
Stefan Kapicic also starred in Deadpool. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien or the speculative genre?
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Soldiers. Have you read it?
It is in English. Did you know it was released in the year 2014?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Interstellar is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
If you like Sci-Fi, you might also enjoy X-Men, X-Men, and World War Z. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for this movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like sci-fi, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a good one.
I do! I like his song We Rode in Trucks. Have you heard it?
I don't know, but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know, but I like the song I Don't Want This Night to End.
He directed Kurt Wimmer. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
They are both dramas. Are you a fan of this genre?
Great! Emily was great in The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Sidney Lumet is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He wrote The New York Trilogy and The Last Anniversary.
I am sorry I don't have that information
This book is fiction
Sure! Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a young adult fiction?
She also wrote The Selection and The Siren, have you read them?
Hope you enjoy it
You're welcome
Richard Linklater directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Kristen Wiig.
Yes, Waking Life is also in the genre of Romance.
You're welcome
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Gus Van Sant also directed Good Will Hunting.
That is correct! He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that one?
I did! I'm glad I could help!
David Sedaris wrote When the Wind Blows. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Have you heard of that one?
Flannery O'Connor was a great actor. He was influenced by George Clooney. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, it was written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. It was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker. He wrote Thirteen Moons. Have you seen it?
Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain is a historical novel.
It was written by Charles Frazier and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
You are welcome.
I like contemporary R & B but I don't know much about them.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins and Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote a lot of books in the 1960's.
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer olympics.
You're welcome
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 is written by Mooyaart-Doubleday
I believe it is in English
I believe Eleanor Roosevelt was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You are welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and is starring Nicholas Pileggi
Goodfellas is starring Robert De Niro. Robert De Niro also starred in The Godfather.
Robert De Niro also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
What Just Happened is a drama. Robert De Niro starred in this movie.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Beneath stars in the movie The Lies Beneath and it is a drama, do you like dramas?
It was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I do. I like to watch football movies. What about you?
I don't watch basketball. I am a Lakers fan when it comes to basketball.
I love him! He's my favorite player. He's my favorite player.
I do! He starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yes that is correct. Jason Statham also starred in The Mask
Simon West has a great directed and directed The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen that?
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's book. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like movies starring Stephen Chbosky?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is correct. He also starred in The Hunger Games which is a comedy
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2009. If you like sci-fi, you might also like Gravity.
Gravity was released in 2014. Gravity is a thriller.
I'm sorry I don't have any Sci-Fi examples.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I think Las Vegas is a great team. Do you like football?
I didn't know that! Did you know that they moved to the Oakland?
I didn't know that! I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, The Prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan and stars Christian Bale.
Yes, The Prestige is starring Christian Bale
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
You are welcome
It is a war novel written by Joseph Heller and is in the war genre.
Yes, it is a war genre satire
I don't know similar books. Is there anything else you would like to know about the book?
You are welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted and Revenge of the Brides.
It is a romance novel that was released in 2008.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do! It's a great book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his books?
That is correct. Did you know White Teeth is a romance novel?
Yes, I believe it was Zadie Smith's author.
You are welcome!
John Lasseter directed The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is a comedy-drama that was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that John Lasseter also starred in Toy Story.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Ocean Eleven?
He is a boxer and starred in Ocean Eleven. Do you like boxing?
Yes, he is talented! He is also a boxer and a boxer.
The Denver Broncos are a good team. Did you know their coach is John Fox?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who do you root for?
I like the Redskins and their coach, John Fox
That was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is a speculative fiction
I recommend Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
I think he is a basketball player for the Golden State Warriors.
I believe he is a basketball player
Yes he does
You are welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Ted Tally wrote Ted Tally and Ted Tally starred in The Secret of the Lambs.
Okay, have you seen The Silence of the Lambs? It is one of my favorites.
You are welcome!
I am a fan of sci-fi. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Shia Lebouf also starred in The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Not really a basketball fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm not sure when they played, but I do know that Michael Jordan is a basketball player.
Hush Hush, Hush Hush was written by Robert Mark Kamen and has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is a series
Yes it is a romance novel
I hope you enjoy them!
Thank you.
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he is a very good golfer. Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I also like Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Miami Dolphins. Who do you like?
Do you have a favorite team? I like the Washington Redskins
I don't know much about theirs, but they are doing well this season!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963 and is in the English language.
You're welcome!
I believe she is a singer. I don't know much about her.
I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you see it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Are you looking for Alaska because it is written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in Truman Capote. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that, but he did star in Murder by Death.
I have not, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, I do! He directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies in that genre.
Yes, he is! He's so famous for his role in Toy Story.
Larry Crowne is one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Brad Pitt and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Robin Williams, you might like The Goonies. It is also a Sci-Fi movie.
The Extra-Terres of the Third Kind was released in 2009.
A Beautiful Mind is a drama that was written by William Shakespeare. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
It stars Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando, among others.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Richelle Mead.
Yes he is! He is one of the best director's.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she has a few songs like X-Men Apocalypse Now
I am not a huge fan of Linkin Park but I do know they are a couple of my favorite bands.
I personally like their music, but I don't know much about Linkin Park's other songs, do you like them?
I like pop music. I'm a huge fan of Linkin Park's music. What's your favorite?
Craig T. Nelson starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Diane Keaton also starred in The Family Stone. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I think he is one of the most popular singers of his. One of his most popular songs is The Wiz.
Do you know if he has acted in some movies?
Yep! It's a great movie. It's about the whale.
Yes, Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe
It's a non-fiction book. Would you like to hear more about it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on history related books.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli and was released in 1513.
I know he wrote The Last Colony and The Colombian Dreams.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Romance novel
Yes, it is a Musical.
Memento is written by Christoper Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
James Franco is in Memento.
You are welcome
I think he plays for France national football team
I didn't know that. I think Jose Mourinho is one of my favorite players.
I liked them better when they won the Premier League in 2012.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a similar book.
It was released in 1922.
You're welcome!
F. Gary Gray is an actor. He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Princess Mononoke was a great movie. Did you see it? It's a great movie.
Sure. Treasure Planet is an Action/Adventure film that was released in 2014.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
The same director directed Ocean's Thirteen. Ocean's Thirteen is also in the same genre.
Sure! The Fight Club is a drama/crime and was released in 2012.
I believe it is a comedy, but i don't have a favorite of his movies.
Brad Pitt is a great actor. I think he is a great actor. Have you seen The Lady in the Lake?
You're welcome!
The Theory of Everything is a Romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Simon McBurney also stars in Days of Thunder, which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
It is considered a Romantic film. You might also like The Women of Brewster Place.
I think he is a Cricket player for the Mumbai Indians, do you like Cricket?
I love the sport. Do you like any other sports?
That's a great book. Did you know he is from India?
I agree! Los Angeles is a great basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I think he is a good coach.
Yes, Holes is a young-adult fiction book written by Louis Sachar. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else do you like to know about him?
That's a great book club. I hope you enjoy it.
He is a basketball player and plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
He won the NBA Most Valuable Player of the year award in 2012.
They're a basketball movie, but I don't know much about basketball either.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
I don't have any information on Vulgar, but I can tell you that Kevin Smith starred in The Titans.
Okay, great. I hope you enjoy it!
Kevin Smith is a very well known actor. He is also a musician, actor, and a director, and a director.
Glad to be of assistance!
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that it is a German football team based in Munich, Germany.
I don't know much about soccer but I do enjoy American Football. How about you?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is a speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty Eighty-Four is written by George Lucas. Do you like George Lucas?
It is a Speculative fiction.
I am not sure if he has written Fiction novels but he also wrote The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
It is a Romance novel.
You are welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a Romance novel
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
I know he is a quarterback but I don't know much about him.
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know he won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great quarterback. Did you know he's also a musician?
I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yeah, he was a great boxer. Did you know he's also a politician?
I didn't know he was a boxer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by Philip Pullman and is in the Science Fiction genre.
The Time Machine is a Mystery book
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like the author or the genre?
You might want to check out The Time Traveler's Wife, then. It's in the romance genre.
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and stars Andrew Garfield. Are you a fan of his?
I am not sure about Emma Stone. Can I help with anything else?
Sure, do you like self-help books or self-help books?
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Jack Reacher stars Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Jack Reacher is a thriller. If you like Jack Reacher, you might also like Shark Night.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I do, he's a very talented singer. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he is a dancer. Do you like dance music?
I'll play it for you now.
Do you like animations? If so, you might also like The Incredibles.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, Brad Pitt directed Se7en. Brad Pitt also directed Se7en. Have you seen it?
If you like crime Thrillers you should watch Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's also a great movie.
It stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's also a great movie.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't, but I've heard it's very good!
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she is also a musician?
I like Stronger because I like the song We Rode in Trucks. Have you heard it?
I'm sure that she has a lot of friends with her. I think she is a very talented singer.
I do like reality TV. I've never seen American Idol. What about you?
I would recommend Fallen Angels because it is a Romance film.
If you enjoy Fantasy, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by her.
You're welcome!
Terry George directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that?
It's a drama.
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle is a speculative fiction novel that was released in 1926.
It's a very well known book. It's a very well known book.
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that movie. I do have that information.
Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Red Pyramid. Have you read them?
Yes, it was turned into a movie.
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren and The Queen. Have you read either of those?
The Selection is a thriller and The Queen is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley
He also wrote The Modern Prometheus, and The Modern Prometheus.
He's done a lot of great comedies, including the Fockers of Percy Bysshe Shelley and Frankenstein.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
No, I haven't heard of The Fault in Our Stars. Are you familiar with the book?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like basketball?
Yes he was, do you like football movies?
Yes they become a point guards as well.
The Scorch Trials is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, X-men is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like sci-fi?
James Franco is in that movie. Do you like his acting?
Volcano is a Thriller, in the X-Men series.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Yes, they both starred in it. It was a great movie.
Missy Eliot is the male lead in the film.
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Portugal national football team but I don't know much about him.
I am not a fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching Cristiano Ronaldo play for the Real Madrid C.F.
I'm more a fan of American Football. I don't know much about football but I do like American Football.
I do. I love American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
I hope they do. I hope they do.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like crime/thrillers you should check out The Doors. It is also a thriller.
That's right! Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Da Vinci Code, which is a thriller?
I hope you enjoy it!
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Women. Have you read that one?
That's a good one. Did you know he also starred in The Mists of Avalon? That's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, I do like his music
I'm sorry I don't know much about her.
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote Little Lies, which was a great read.
Ender's Game is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is a Speculative fiction
Waylander is written by George Orwell and is a Science Fiction.
you are welcome
Sure, do you like movies starring Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Richelle Mead
You are welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
The Edge of Glory was released in 2015. It's a classic!
Yes, she was in the muppets too.
I love Coldplay! Do you like their music? They are one of my favorite artists.
That's a great song. Did you know it was filmed in New York?
No, they did. Amsterdam was a great place to visit.
Yes, I can. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
He starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie.
Yes, she is. She is a great actress.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
it was released in 2003. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like him?
Justin Timberlake wrote Better Luck Tomorrow, a romance film. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it sounds like a good example of pop rock.
I do! He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Do you like his work?
I am not sure but I know it was released in the year 2014
It came out in 2011
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
It is a Thriller
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Mike Starr also starred in The Women of Brewster Place. It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Shooter is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in the olympics The O.C..
No I haven't, but I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola or Robert Duvall?
OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK.
I am not sure, but it is also in the crime genre.
Maleficent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Angelina Jolie also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Mr and Mrs Smith was in Mr and Mrs. Smith's movie.
I didn't see that one. I'll have to check it out.
Yes, he was in that as well. Have you seen it?
Yes he plays for the Belgium national football team.
He plays the Midfielder position.
Toni Kroos is also a midfielder on the Germany national football team.
Yes, he is a player on the Portugal national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for the Portugal national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a Midfielder.
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he stars in Edge of Tomorrow.
John Travolta also starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was great in Zombieland.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I like that movie. Did you know that it is starring Gerard Butler?
I like Joseph Gordon-Levitt, but I also like The Assassin and the Desert. Have you seen it?
If you like murder mystery, I think you should watch it.
I have! Pacifier is a great movie.
She wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of those?
Some of her most popular romance novels are; Where Rainbows End, Where Rainbows End, and Welcome to Temptation.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not a fan of the Yankees but I do like the owner George Steinbrenner.
He is from New York City, New York.
Yes, it was written by Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith also wrote Inside Out.
I'm not sure who produced it but I do know it was produced by Robert Jordan
I don't know anything else he produced, but he also produced a movie called The Truman Show
I'm not sure but I do know that he produced it
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Do you like Bruce Dern because he is a celebrity?
Yes, it starred Matt Damon and was a great movie. Are you a fan of this actor?
Yes, Robin Williams also wrote Good Will Hunting.
I have, Matt Damon also starred in Push, and The People Speak.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are owned by a lot of the New York Giants.
I did, I like Joe Montana better when he played on the New York Giants. Do you like any other teams?
I do like the Steelers, but I don't know much about them anymore.
The Throne Birds is part of a series. The next in the series is The Assassin and the Desert.
The Women of Brewster Place is written by John Irving.
The Women of Brewster Place is a great book. Gloria Naylor starred in The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and is part of a series.
Yes, that is true. Did you know Tyrannosaur Canyon is also a film?
The Mist is a great Thriller and The Maze Runner is a great Thriller. Have you seen it?
The Mist is a great sci-fi movie. If you like sci-fi, you should check out The X-Men movies.
You got it! Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Lord of the Flies. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jack Nicholson.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else she was in.
You're welcome!
I know a little about him, he's a basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is one of my favorite movies, have you seen it?
Lady Gaga is a singer-songwriter. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
No, I haven't seen it yet. I'll have to check it out. Did you know Bradley Cooper also starred in The Muppets?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
Essential readings is a non-fiction. It was released in 1884.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other writers.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
He also starred in The Return of the King. Have you seen that one?
Zulu is a great movie, he also starred in The Return of the King and The Dark Knight.
You're welcome
I like Sylvia Plath, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I am not a huge golf fan but I do know he plays golf. Do you like any other sport?
I do. I love Adam Sandler in that movie. Did you see it?
I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you see it?
He directed The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 1997 and is a drama/mystery/mystery film.
Yes, The Pelican Brief is a Crime/Action film that was released in 2015.
Juno is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness to name a few.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper starred in The Skulls. It's a great movie.
Bradley Cooper starred in a comedy movie called The Time Traveler's Wife
The Light Between Oceans is a good one. Have you read it?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance film
Then you should watch The Light Between Oceans. It is a thriller.
You too it is good
Sure, do you like books written by Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
Lullaby is written by William Shakespeare.
Chuck Palahniuk also wrote Sense and Sensabilitia, a Romance novel.
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
Yeah, Tate Donovan is a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in The Matrix?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It's one of my favorites!
Rocky is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Great! Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Expendables and The Temple of My Familiar.
It is a martial arts film and martial arts film.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Great. If you like historical period dramas, you should check out The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm sorry, I don't.
You're welcome
I didn't know he plays for the Miami Heat. Did he play for the Miami Heat?
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
I agree! I love sportsmen!
Wow! What do you think about the Lakers as a basketball player?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his acting?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, and The Time Machine.
Do you like the movie because it is a drama?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks.
Apocalyps Now is a movie starring Scarlett Johansson.
Apocalyps Now is a great movie, have you seen it?
I do! She is a great singer and actress. Do you like her?
Do you like this movie because it is a Romance or Drama?
I will have to check it out.
Private Benjamin is a Parody
You're welcome
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read it?
Underworld is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
I don't know any of her other books. But I do know that the book is part of a series
You're welcome!
Do you like the actors in Insomnia, because they are Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a thriller.
I don't know when it came out, but it is a thriller that was released in 2015.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen it?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2007.
Yes, she is a Romanian tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that she is a Romanian professional tennis player as well
Wow. I didn't know she was a tennis player.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are owned by a lot of the New York Giants.
Yea, I heard that he's a good coach. I didn't know he's a member of the NY Giants.
It seems to be a book as a book as well.
127 Hours is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
If you like James Franco, you might also like X-Men, X-Men, X-Men, X-Men, X-Men 2 or The Assassin's Blade.
He was also in Spider-Man 2 and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Vince Vaughn and is a sci-fi.
It is a Thriller
You are welcome
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I'm not really a soccer fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know Virat is from Bangalore
The Chronicles of Narnia is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan.
C.S. Lewis wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad to be of help
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Golden Compass is a good one.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Of course! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel.
J.M. Barrie wrote the book.
He wrote сска овести and овести.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I do know Eecbl was released in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No, I don't have it, but I do have it in the Woods.
Yes it was written by Kristen Connolly
I have not seen it but I do know that it is starring Ty Olsson.
I will have to check it out. Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie?
If you like Superhero movies, you might also like The Avengers or The Avengers.
Yes, he also directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Superman Returns
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I don't have that information sorry
The Blind Side is a great movie. Is that the genre you like?
Yes, I would recommend The Blind Side. It is a Biographical film. Do you like Biographical films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
I think she is a great tennis player, do you like her?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
Serena is my doubles partner.
Yes, it is one of my favorite superhero movies. Do you like superhero movies?
No, I haven't seen any of his other movies. The Proposal is one of my favorites.
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl.
I know that it is a Mystery and Crime movie. Do you like that genre?
It is directed by Scott Kosar.
Vivica A. Fox is starring in that movie.
I don't have that information.
No, I haven't seen Superman Returns. Who is in it?
it is a superhero movie. do you like superhero movies?
oh ok i didn't know that. he is a good actor.
yes he is. do you like him?
you should. It's a great movie.
your welcome
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
yes Techno-thrillers are available. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i help with?
Do you like the movie because it is a Romance or Drama?
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
OK, have a good day!
Yes, and he also wrote The Wide Window.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
I have not read Outlander, but I know it was written by Steven Spielberg and is speculative fiction.
I know she also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry I don't have that information but i can tell you more about her.
I'm sorry I don't.
I think he is a great soccer player, did you know he plays for Real Madrid?
Not really. I'm more of a fan of the Miami Dolphins. What about you?
I'm not sure about Hayden Panettiere, but I do know that Hayden Panettiere starred in The Titans.
Yes, he directed Independence Day. Have you seen that one?
Independence Day is a war film. Do you like war films?
He also starred in The Day After Tomorrow with Liam Neeson.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in a few movies?
I like a lot of Madonna's music but I don't know much about her. What about you?
I like Thrillers such as X-Men and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I like the New York Jets, but I'm not a fan of the New York Jets.
I don't know much about football but I do know that the Jets are part of the National Football League.
I know that the New York Jets is a professional footballer who plays for the New York Jets.
Yes, he wrote Snatch and Snatch. Have you seen them?
Guy Ritchie also directed Sherlock Holmes. It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, sorry.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, I know they are a TS professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the Seattle SuperSonics.
They are very popular in the K-pop generation. I am a huge fan of the sport.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if he is in it but I do know he also starred in X-Men.
Eminem is a rapper and he starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore is a rapper
Yes, he is. Did you know he is a musician and a screenwriter?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a comedy/drama.
It's a comedy/drama released in 2002.
She was also in The Ice Storm. Have you seen that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Novels?
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. They're both great books.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can recommend other books by her if you like.
Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
I don't know much about it, but if you like action movies you should check out Man on a Wire. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he stars in that movie along side Jeremy Northam.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a Cricket player for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
No, I am not. Is he a cricket player?
I do. I like the Washington Red Sox. Do you like the NFL?
I'm not a huge fan of the commercials. I think I'll watch the Super Bowl if I'm not a huge fan of it.
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was in that as well. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
No, I don't have it. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
The Time Traveler's Wife is a Romance film
Stanlee was also written by Audrey Niffenegger
Jorja Fox starred in Zodiac, a horror film. Have you seen it?
Memento is written by Roland Emmerich and it is a thriller.
He wrote The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight.
Added to your watch list. Enjoy!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I like the New England Patriots but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't have that information but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about them but I do know they play in the NFC East.
He wrote Victor Hugo, have you read it?
Did you know he also wrote Notre-Dame de Paris, that's a great read!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2016. It's a superhero movie.
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Belgium national football team.
I like American Football. I'm more of a fan of American Football.
Wow. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes she is. She starred in the movie Spring Breakers. Have you seen it?
I didn't realize he was in Men in Black 3. He is a great actor.
No, I haven't seen it. I hope you enjoy it!
Step Brothers was written by John Grisham and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his?
John C. O'Brien was hilarious in that movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is a literary fiction.
Yes, he is a Shakespearean and a Shakespearean and a composer
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech.
The Kings Speech is rated PG and PG
The Zero Effect was released in 2014.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they your favorite team?
I didn't know he played defensive back back in the day.
He also coached the Denver Broncos.
Yes, both Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage star in that movie.
I like Rihanna's music but I don't know too much about her. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure who else stars in it but I do know that she is a great actress.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers is a professional tennis player. He is also a musician and an athlete.
I do. I think he is a very talented person.
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it was written by Terry Pratchett. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. Did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Cool, enjoy!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you read that one?
Juraissic is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, he stars in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions on this adventure genre.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it is co-written by Stephen King.
He has a couple of books in it. One of my favorites is The Stand.
You're welcome!
No, I don't have the movie Forrest Gump
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
My favorite player is definitely Lovie Smith
He play for the New York Giants
I think they will make the playoffs
I think she is a great singer and a great singer. I love her song Theeds.
I think she has a lot of talent in her movies. I know she has starred in the movie Battleship
Yeah, they're good. Skarsgard is a great actor, did you know Skarsgard is a great actor?
I don't know any of his music but I do know he starred in Desperado. Have you seen it?
yes he was in Desperado. he is a great singer. do you like his music?
I'm not sure about her latest single, but I can tell you more about her if you like.
I sure would! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor. She also wrote The Professor.
It was released in the year 1922 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, also written by Robin Buss.
It was written by Robin Buss and was released in 1946.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you interested in other books released that year?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else can I do for you?
It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes,It is written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
Yes, I do. Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure, he wrote a lot of great books, would you like to hear about some of his other works?
Richard the Second is written by Time (Drama)
It was released in 1599
The Notebook is a romance movie. Do you like romance films?
Especially if they have a historical feel, I would recommend The Notebook.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! Enjoy!
I've never seen it. Is that a genre you enjoy?
I didn't know that
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
The Chamber is a good one.
Batman Begins is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Then you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you read that one?
He wrote many. I'm glad I could help. I'm glad I could help.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did write this book.
He wrote a great book called The House of Mirth.
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm
J.K. Rowling wrote both The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You're welcome
Are you a fan of the author J.K. Rowling? She wrote a lot of fantasy books.
it is speculative fiction
X-Men Origins: World Without End
i dont have information about that
your welcome
Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
No, it was written by William Golding.
He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Dead Zone. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Then you might enjoy Young Frankenstein.
Great, I'll add that to your list.
I agree. I think Damian Lillard is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I like to watch NBA from time to time. How about you?
He's a forward for the Golden State Warriors.
Do you like the author J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, they are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do like Pink. I think Shakira is a great performer, performer, singer, and songwriter.
The Poisonwood Bible is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2008.
I would recommend World Without End, it is a very good book.
That was a great book! I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Looper is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
yes The Brothers Bloom is starring Christian Bale. anything else i can answer for you today?
have a good day
Sure, do you like it because it is a romance or a drama?
I don't have any information on any other films he directed but he also directed A Beautiful Mind.
You're welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written in 2011.
Tony Goldwyn also wrote The Man in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America.
Someone Like You is a romantic comedy.
Your welcome
It was written by J.D. Salinger and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he wrote franny and Zooey
You are welcome.
I don't know much about football but I do know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2010. It's a thriller.
I am not sure who starred in that movie
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that one but i can tell you it is classified as Drama.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is starring Emma. Do you like her?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of those sound interesting?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a fantasy novel.
Yes, The White Queen is in the same genre as The White Queen.
Your welcome
Sure! Arsenal is a sports team.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that they play at the Lambeau Field.
I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Wally Lamb starred in The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
I Know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel. Have you read it?
That's great. Anne Tyler also wrote The Last Lecture
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Miami Dolphins. Who do you like?
Not really, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, but my husband is a Packers fan.
Inside Out is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Both Josh Brolin and Robert Downey Jr star in the movie.
I don't have that information, sorry.
You're welcome!
I agree. I think she is very talented. She has a lot of talent in her music.
I agree. Victoria Justice is a great sitcom. Did you know she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I agree. Jamie Lynn Spears has a lot of talent in her movies.
Yes, Downfall is written by Truman Capote. Are you a fan of his?
Windtalkers is a war film, and also a war film.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
The genre is Speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other genre recommendations.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Glad I could help!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Wreck-It-Ralph is a sci-fi movie.
Is that a movie starring Dianne West?
Its a great movie! Mindy also starred in A Bug's Life.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Miami Dolphins. How about you?
They're pretty good. Who do you think about them?
Tony Romo is also a former American footballer who played for the New York Giants.
Wes Anderson wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
He starred in The Royal Tenenbaums, Mr. Fox and The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree. He has a minor role in movies like The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that?
I believe he is a golfer from England.
I don't have any stats about him. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know if he is a professional golfer from England.
Virginia Woolf wrote The Waves and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't have that information, sorry.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets
He currently plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Shelly Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Mann directed The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed the movie The Manchurian Candidate. It's a great movie.
Collateral is considered a thriller and romantic comedy.
Me, too! Frances Mayes is a great actress. She has starred in many movies. Would you like to know more about her?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
She is very talented and has a lot of talent
oh ok i didn't know that
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team based in Pittsburgh.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger either. I do know that he is a football player.
She also wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
Yes, James Rodriguez is a midfielder for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Yes he plays for the Columbia national football team.
I like Radamel Falcao, he is a great Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Dead Poets Society is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Tiffany wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Twilight Series. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Cursed Child is a movie based on the book.
Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a thriller and stars Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Ultimatum, The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
She also wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was. She also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that one.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book in the Speculative fiction genre.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Jason Cope starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
Spud and Dredd is a drama
He stars in the movie Spud and Dredd
Rosario Dawson also stars in that movie
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a drama and The Last Temptation of Christ is the second in the series.
You're welcome!
Yes, Rob Riggle starred in The Other Guys and The Other Guys.
Ernest Hemingway starred in the Other Guys and The Hangover.
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
Jonathan Hyde is a great actor. He was also in The Mists of Avalon
You're welcome. Enjoy
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
He also starred in The Aviator, and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan and is a biographical film.
He did! He also wrote Avatar, and The Presidio.
You're welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is in the Comedy Genre. Do you like Comedy?
Well, 50/50 is starring Tom Wilkinson and Kristen Stewart. Would you like to know more about this actor?
I do! Vanessa Fertilio also starred in The Princess Diaries. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes, the Washington Redskins is a basketball team.
No, I haven't seen Nanking. Did you know Woody also produced it?
Yes, I do. Did you know she is a teacher and a teacher?
These Long Winter is a romance novel and was released in 2013.
If you like historical fiction, you should give These Happy Golden Years a try.
Sure. I'll add them to your list.
Sure! Erik Larson wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that?
Then I would recommend Coming of Age: Dead Poets Society. It is a great drama.
It's a great book! It was written by Christopher Bigsby and is in the genre of Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I'm sorry.
One Child's Courage to Survive is directed by Dave Pelzer
It was released in 1980 and is in the genre Drama/Comedy.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
Jim Belushi also starred in The Mask. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Anne Hathaway
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
Directed by Veronica Cartwright
Water for Elephants came out in 2011
You are welcome
Sure! Jenniferlopez starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that?
James Rodrguez is a Midfielder and Forward. He is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes he does. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
I believe he played for the Colombia national football team.
I'm sorry, I don't. I'm sorry.
Yes, it is starring Matt Damon and is a great movie. Do you like the genre?
Sure! As Good as It Gets is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It is a comedy/drama that was released in 2014. James L. Brooks also directed Terms of Endearment.
It was released in 2003
You are welcome
I don't know much about football but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not sure who owns the team but the owner is Tyron Brackenridge.
I like the steelers and broncos.
She plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like that sport?
That's right! That's amazing! Did you know she also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
I like swimming and a lot of sports. My favorite is Basketball.
He's from Orange County, California.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two
It was released in the English language.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks is a very well known writer.
Yes he was and a producer as well.
Yes he was. He was a comedian and a musician as well.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There's a sequel. Quentin Tarantino directed it.
Uma Thurman starred in Kill Bill. She also starred in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sin City was a great movie. Did you know Sin City starred in Sin City?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No I haven't seen it.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, it is a movie starring Kite Runner.
Yes, it is a romance/drama film.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about her but I know she is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, he did. Veronika is a Romance novel.
Yes, he directed The Alchemist.
peter pan
Peter Pan has a genre of Thriller.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby was released in 2009.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in the same genre.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by Robert Mark Kamen, and is a drama.
It was released in 1925.
Yes, The Fighter is a Superhero movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like to watch this movie?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
She also wrote Villette and Villette. Have you read either of them?
Villette is a Villette. Villette is a Romance novel.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. Have you read either of those?
This Lullaby,The Truth About Forever is written by Sarah Dessen.
Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote the Amazing Spider-Man. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he is a great singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
AB de Villiers played cricket, did you know he is from Johannesburg?
No, I am not a fan of cricket. I do follow cricket much.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). what else can i do for you?
I am not sure who starred in this movie. I do not have that information at this time.
You're welcome
Glad to be of help
Yes, it was written by Meryl Streep and starred in it. Do you like her?
I really like the Princess Diaries. It's a great family movie.
Yes, that's correct. I think you'll enjoy it.
That's a great movie! It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a very dark movie.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
Sure. Jack London also wrote The Time Machine and The Golden Compass.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I have! Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like his work?
I agree. Did you know that he's also a writer?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
you're welcome!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
Yes he was, he also starred in the movie
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
You are welcome
I don't know much about football but I think the Arizona Cardinals is a good team. Do you like football?
I am not a Bears fan but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLVII.
I agree. Playoffs might be a good contender.
Do you like the Beloved because it is a young-adult fiction?
If you like historical movies, you'll like The Assassin and the Desert. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I think she is a very talented singer. Did you know she is also a singer?
I believe so. Liam Hensworth is a great singer and actress.
Cool. Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Last Song. It is a romance film.
Sure! The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. It is a romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that it is a drama.
No, it's about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
Done. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Gary Oldman stars in Fast and Furious as the main actor
You are welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a thriller?
World War Z was a great movie. Another similar movie to World War Z would be The Last Stand.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Frank Miller and starring Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
Michael Fassbender also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
You're welcome!
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on this author.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player who plays point guard for Boston.
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well.
Oh wow! That's pretty cool. I'll have to check that out.
I do! He's a great singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Are you a fan of his?
I am not sure but I do know that Sam Smith is a singer
I don't know if she is a screenwriter.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they're in the NFC East. Do you like them?
No, I didn't know that. I do know that The Madison Square Garden is the home venue for the Madison Square Garden.
I like the Philadelphia Eagles, but my favorite team is the Lakers
Yes, he directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. Chris Weitz also starred in American Pie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced it. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
He was a great actor. He was also in The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
Oh yes, he was in that one. It's a thriller.
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. I think Coach Steve Kerr is one of the best players in the NBA.
I didn't know Philadelphia Heat was a basketball team. Who's your favorite player?
I didn't know that! I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation!
I didn't know that! That's a great movie! I'll watch it tonight.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel. Are you a fan of Romance novels?
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar authors.
You're welcome!
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Kevin Spacey also wrote Winter's Bone and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
I agree! She is one of the best female tennis players of all time.
No, I don't think so.
I'll have to check that out.
Yes, he directed The Storm. Have you seen it?
He wrote X-Men : Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produce: Film Executive Produced X-Men : Fil
Absolutely! All The Money in the World is a horror movie directed by Ridley Scott
He also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Shakira has a new album. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romance film, do you like romance?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Coraline is a great movie. I think it was written by James Dashner and Paul Walker.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is an adventure movie.
If you like dark fantasy, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman and is in the Fantasy genre.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride.
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you heard of them?
He also wrote Lolita, have you read that one?
It was released in 2015
You are welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like the Notebook because it is a romantic comedy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick. Have you heard of it?
That's right. Did you know it was also a book?
You're welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go,Dog Go!
Yes, it is a Children's Literature as well as Children's Literature.
You are correct! Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go!
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a Romance Film, do you like Romance films?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is based on the book The Book of Eli.
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, that is correct. It is also a biography.
Sure, here it is
Danny Boyle starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he starred in either of those movies, he also directed Into the Wild. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Aron Ralston also starred in a Romantic Comedy, which is a comedy.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Ex-wife Angelina is in that movie
There is a movie called Welcome to the Monkey House
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie Troy
your welcome
Sure! Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Chris Evans starred in the movie The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer but I do know she won the 2012 PGA Championship
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do! Zero Dark Thirty is written by Mark Boal and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like the actor or the genre?
Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance. He also starred in The Campaign. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yeah, he was in that as well.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, it was written by Ian Flemyng and stars Robert De Niro.
Casino Royale is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in it.
I am not sure about that but I know it was released in 2012.
Yes, it was a television series. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like sci-fi?
Tom Tykwer starred in The X-Men series. Have you seen it?
Charlize Theron also starred in Theron in Theron's Theron
You are welcome!
Charlize Theron also played in The Burning Plain, it's a great movie.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, you're right!
There's Zero Dark Thirty and The Manchurian Candidate
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Ken Follett wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Day of the Jackal. It was directed by Christopher Hitchens.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of Anne Frank. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It was released in 1850 and is in the English language.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Kevin Dunn. Kevin Dunn stars in that movie.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of things. I like his in The Matrix series. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed The Magic of Reality. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for comedies. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, it is a great movie! He directed the movie We Are Marshall. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a football movie. Do you like football?
Haha I'm not sure who wrote the Game of Their Lives. I don't know much about Pizzo, but the movie is starring Angelo Pizzo.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
He did! He's a great linebacker now!
Have a great day!
I agree! He's one of the best football players in the world.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I like the Washington Red Sox, I'm a big fan of the Washington Red Sox
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror?
Yes, and he also starred in the movie Scream 2
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like them?
V for Vendetta is starring Tim Pigott-Smith and Stephen Fry. Do you like Stephen Fry?
It is a adventure film.
Sure! Cornelia Funke also wrote Tintenherz, have you read it?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz and The Lady in the Lake.
Cinderella is a Romance novel.
King Kong is written by Sam Worthington and stars Sam Worthington and Kristen Wiig.
Naomi Watts has starred in The Wedding Date and The Prestige. Have you seen those?
Naomi Watts also starred in The Painted Veil which is a romance genre film.
Great! Enjoy!
Gary Chapman starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you that it is in the genre of Comedy.
I don't know much about her but I do know that he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him.
Frank Capra wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read it?
I like him, he is also a musician and a musician
Yes, it was released in 1985
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
She's been in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you seen it?
It was released in English
it was released in 1958
yes i do
i dont have information about that
That's a great crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It's a crime movie. Would you like to hear about other crime movies?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a very good one.
You're welcome.
I think Washington Redskins is a good football team. Do you like football?
Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, it is! It's one of my favorite tennis players, and also a great coach.
Sure, do you like comedy movies or comedy films?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you more about Tammara Webber.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed The Mummy Returns. Have you seen it?
Steven Soderbergh, Steven Soderbergh, and Gerard Butler to name a few. Steven Soderbergh also wrote The Good German.
He's been in quite a few films. He's been in such such as The Good German, The Return of the King and The Good German.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote V for Vendetta. Have you heard of it?
It was released in V for Vendetta.
You're welcome
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights, Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
It's a very good book. It was released in 1847 and is considered a Gothic fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
It is a thriller and was released in 2009.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Richelle Mead a Young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
I am not familiar with his work but I do know he is influenced by Charles Dickens.
That's correct. Did you know that Charles Dickens wrote that?
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a History of Gnghis Khan.
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did! He also produced The Longest Yard.
Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler also star in that movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is in the Fantasy genre.
Newt Scamander appeared in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by JK Rowlings.
Yes and if you like speculative fiction you should check out Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Both are action/adventure films. Do you like those types of movies?
Michael O'Neill also starred in Traffic and Traffic. Have you seen them?
You are welcome!
Andrés Iniesta is a Midfielder and Forward
Do you know anything about Andrés Iniesta is from Spain?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a Thriller?
It was released in 2010.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in Midnight in Paris.
It is a Romance and Comedy.
I haven't seen it yet but I'll check it out.
Yes, Shutter Island is a murder mystery.
Do you like the author Mansfield Park because it's a Thriller?
Persuasion is written by Robert Mark Kamen. He also wrote Mansfield Park.
Persuasion was released in 2009.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know if she starred in Horrible Bosses.
That's correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
I think he is a great tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
I don't watch tennis much but I do enjoy watching Serena Williams play.
I'm not a fan of tennis, but I see a match every time it takes place in the US.
I sure do! Cornelia Funke wrote Where Rainbows End.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No, I haven't. What about A Light in The Attic?
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote Water for Elephants. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The River is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Did you like the movie because it's a Crime Fiction?
Great. You should check out The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. It is a Crime Fiction movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'll add it for you. Enjoy!
I think he is a great football player and forward for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium in New England.
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple and The Color Purple
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
I think he is a great athlete and plays for the Argentina national football team.
No, I didn't know that.
Bojan Krkic also plays for the France national football team as well.
No, I don't know much about him.
I do! It is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss. Have you read it?
He wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a Romance novel
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass wrote and directed The Siren.
Kiera Cass wrote and directed The Guard. Have you seen that one?
The Guard is produced by Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, do you like movies starring Justin Timberlake or Justin Timberlake?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
It came out in 2014. It's a good movie.
You're welcome!
I do! Treasure Island is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Danny Aiello also starred in The Box and The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, he is in that.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
Then you might like World War II Stories. It was released in 2015.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the actor Aladdin because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Thriller?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and stars Timothy Spall. Are you a fan of his?
The Lion King came out in 2015.
You're welcome!
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises and The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Time Machine.
I'm sorry, I don't.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I do, he's a quarterback for the New York Giants. Do you like football?
Is he a good actor?
i also like him. what about you?
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you heard of it?
White Oleander also starred Seth Rogen, Sylvester Stallone and Peter Mensah. Have you seen it?
White Oleander is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do, it is written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1961.
It was released in 1945.
That's a great book! It was written by C.S. Lewis and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Ok, I will send it right now.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Proposal
I know they're a basketball team. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh wow, that is a great game for the Hornets, but the Hornets are a great basketball team, too.
John Berendt wrote The Lady in the Lake and The Lady in the Lake.
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in 2004.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was a great movie.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great golfer, do you like golf?
I didn't know he played in Minuch, and Weilheim Oberbayern.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for France national football team.
I agree! He has a great stats. He has a great stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Rango is a western. Do you like westerns?
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan.
The genre is Thriller
I am sorry I do not have that information
Memento stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale
He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight
You are welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about this?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it is. Diana Gabaldon is a British writer, she wrote The Sea of Trolls.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome!
I'm sorry I don't know the latest one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Pillars of the Earth is a Romance film.
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations.
yes he did
WALLE is a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes- it's one of my favorites! Brett Ratner also wrote the X-Men movies.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Truth About Love.
Sure, it was released in the 1980's and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of these?
I'm not sure but it's a children's book.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by John Grisham.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I know it was written by George Clooney. Do you like his work?
George Nolfi also starred in Ocean's Twelve and Ocean's Twelve.
Great! I hope you like it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Poland national football team.
Yes, I do. I love the Belgium national football team.
I agree! He's a great German football player.
Paul Sorvino starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you seen them?
Yes, he wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read that?
Its a young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Cursed Child. Have you seen it?
You got it! Enjoy!
She wrote Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is in the genre of fiction.
I am not familiar with her but I can tell you that it is about China Dolls.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
Have you seen Jurassic Park? It is one of my favorites.
It stars Robert De Niro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006
Syeig Larsson also wrote Neverwhere.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/mystery/fantasy genre
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He was in Tinker Bell and The Lorax. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wicked is a Psychological thriller and was released in 2011.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
Did you know Ken Kesey also wrote The Canadian Dreams? It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm sorry, I don't know much about him. He's a good actor.
Oh, I love Ghostbusters! My favorite movie with them is What's Your Number. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. That's a great movie. It's a comedy-drama.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel also starred in The Fast and the Furious. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
I do! He's a great writer. He wrote Lolita, have you seen that?
Yes he did and he is a great actor
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do watch football sometimes. Who is your favorite player?
I like action thrillers like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
I have not, but I know that it is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
Circling the Sun is an amazing book. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Psychological thrillers?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars. It is a young-adult fiction.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It was written by Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom and Lord of War. Would you like to know more about that?
We Were Soldiers is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
Great! Enjoy the movie!
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Have you read them?
Where You Are was released in 2011.
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth is written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. what else can i do for you?
He also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden and Top Secret. Have you seen those?
Stephen King wrote that one. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
While You Were Sleeping is a television series, I am not sure about it. Did you know it was a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yaphet Kotto starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Running Man is an action movie.
I like Vin Diesel too, he is a great actor. He also stars in the XXX.
You're welcome
Hush Hush, Hush Hush is written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read this one?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Glad I could help!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is a memoir
It is a memoir
You are welcome
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is a Thriller.
Yes he did. He also directed Escape from New York.
Yes, Kurt Russell also starred in I Heart Huckabees and I Heart Huckabees. Have you seen those?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Secret.
Rhonda Byrne also wrote The Secret which was released in 2016.
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a film.
John Ratzenberger starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales and The Return of the King.
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
It is a Ratatouille that was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I have not read it but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I think you should watch The Goodbye Girl. It's a good family friendly movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Still Alice is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Mark Haddon is a writer and a film producer. He wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was adapted into a film.
Yes he did and he also produced The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure but it is a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in the West was a good one, have you seen it?
Once Upon a Time in America is a good one, have you seen it?
Charlie Hunnam stars in Nightcrawler. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
I know a little about Heath Ledger, he is a German footballer who plays as a forward for the Algerian National Football team.
It came out in the year 2014
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
Yes, The Blind Side is a crime thriller and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like crime thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Drama movies. Can I help you with anything else?
Moneyball is a drama movie released in 2012. Michael Lewis also directed The Longest Yard.
City of Bones is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Have you read it?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bone also wrote The Mortal Instruments and The Mortal
Sure, The Shadowhunter's Codex is in the Fantasy genre, and was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Little Prince. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
I'm not sure about that but he did direct Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome!
Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C. S. Lewis. Do you like Romance novels?
C.S. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces which is a Romance novel. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
I love Yellow Submarine
I don't know much about Liverpool other than he wrote Yellow Submarine. Did you see that?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the United States of America.
I do, and I love the song Yellow Submarine. Have you seen it?
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted.
Wintergirls is a romance novel and was released in 2010.
I'll send it right over. Enjoy!
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. Do you like her?
Do you like Russian Roulette because it is a comedy?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Marc Forester starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he starred in The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
Finding Neverland is a romance/romance film.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read X-Men or X-Men or X-Men?
Gregor the Overlander is a Science Fiction movie
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Women. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
I believe it's a version of Elizabeth, but I don't think it's a version of Elizabeth.
I am not a fan of Fanny, but I know she is an amazing actress.
You're welcome!
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding, A Walk to Remember, and The Wedding.
That is correct. Nicholas Sparks is also a film producer and a film producer.
Nicholas Sparks also wrote Three Weeks with My Brother. It is a drama and crime fiction as well.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski and directed by Lana Wachowski.
The Matrix Revolutions also stars Keanu Reeves and Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I do! Simon West directed The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
Did you know that he directed The Mechanic 2?
I don't have any recent movies but he directed Con Air recently
You're welcome
I hope you enjoy it!
The Light Between Oceans is one of my favorites.
Yes, I have heard of that one. It was released in the year 2014 and is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I haven't visited the stadium for a while. i love the New England Patriots. do you?
i love the Dallas Cowboys. do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
i think he is a good coach. do you like any other sports?
yes i do think they will make it to the suep.
I am not a fan of his but I do enjoy his romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
In Time and Friends with Benefits is a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do! She's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her?
I did watch American Idol. Did you know Clay Aiken is also a model?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
No, I didn't know she is a doll that came to life.
Do you like Joseph Sikora's movies? He starred in The Latifa, which is a thriller.
No, I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Yes, and he also starred in The Watcher.
You are welcome!
Me too! Frances Mayes is a great writer. Some of her works include What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty and Three Wishes
Would you like to know some other poets from that area?
You're welcome!
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Striped Pyjamas.
The Bluest Eye is a fiction
Toni Morrison also wrote The Bluest Eye
It is written by Terry Pratchett
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Do you like this because it is a drama?
I'm not sure who starred in this movie.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed Thunderbolt, starring Vivica A. Fox. Have you seen that?
He also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Do you like The Great Gatsby because it's a drama?
Roland Emmerich also wrote "The Great Gatsby" and "The Titan's Curse."
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote Playing for Keeps. Have you heard of it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
It was released in 2015. It's a great movie.
I'll play it for you now!
I have. It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2003 and also stars Seth Rogen and Reese Witherspoon.
Yes, he did and also The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome!
Chris Weitz wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also made American Pie. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. Is it a drama?
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen it?
The Nightingale is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I think he is a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in The Expendables 2?
I like Novak Djokovic, but I don't know much about him anymore. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Bruce Willis and Bruce Willis?
Hudson Hawk is a great movie. Have you seen Hudson Hawk?
Sure! How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Historical period drama. Do you like this genre?
The Lorax is written by Theodore Lesieg and is in the Children's Literature genre.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories was also released in 1957.
You're welcome!
Whiplash starred Jennifer Chazelle and Melissa Benoist. It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Melissa Benoist also stars in The Longest Ride. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that. I do know Tiago Riani is a romantic comedy.
Yes it is. It also stars Melissa Benoist.
No I haven't seen any of them but I do like Men of Honor.
You are welcome.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they're coached by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I like the Lakers because he is a great player. I also like the Lakers.
I agree! The Lakers will be a good game!
Larissa wrote ес арамаов and ес.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Did you enjoy The Notebook because it's romance?
Okay, then I would recommend Post-Apocalyptic fiction. Have you read that one?
Yes! Tuck Everlasting is by the same author.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Who owns the Washington Redskins?
I don't know much about football but I do know that Pete Rozelle is a good player as well.
Wow! That's unfortunate. I didn't know he was a brain tumor.
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Absolutely! Self help is a good one. I think you would enjoy this one as well.
You are welcome!
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K Rowling and was released in 2013.
J.K Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome!
I do! He starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I haven't seen it but I know it is a Crime Fiction movie. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is a Historical period drama, do you like this genre?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie is a Historical novel, do you like that genre?
I do! She is a great tennis player. She is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
I didn't know that but I do know that Serena is also an actress and she starred in Hair Show.
I didn't know that. Did you see Yetunde Price starred in Yetunde Price?
Yes, The Lost Symbol was the best seller list
Ron Howard also produced The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Da Vinci Code and the Inferno.
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies similar to Bourne.
You're welcome!
I do! X-men 2 is a great sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, you should check out The Wolverine. It stars Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds.
I do, he also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Speculative Fiction.
I don't have any information on any other books by Tim Dolin.
Rick Yancey wrote The Last Man and The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of those?
Sutton has written several books such as The Phantom of the Opera, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
Your welcome
We're The Millers is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Then you might enjoy X-Men or World Without End. They are both Historical fiction movies.
Yes, The Untouchables is a great movie!
You are welcome!
Do you like the song because it is a Romance?
He wrote The Wedding Date, The Wedding Date, and The Wedding Date.
The Wedding Date is also written by Nicholas Sparks
Yes, they are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music
Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenherz. Do you like Fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
Its a Sci-Fi/Comedy/Comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a popular one that comes to mind.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an athlete and plays cricket for the India National Cricket team. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about soccer, but Robert Duvall played a part of the Indian national football team.
He was in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue
I don't have that information, sorry.
You are welcome!
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's Literature and was released in 2011.
I don't have any information on Quentin Blake's autobiography, but I can tell you more about his autobiographies.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Do you like football?
I do! He wrote The Valley of Fear. Have you heard of it?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in The Dark Knight
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynn and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his acting?
Jon Favreau wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
He directed The Wolfman. Have you seen that one?
Great! He also directed Captain America: The First Avenger. Have you seen that one?
Yes he stars in Captain America: The First Avenger. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects and it was released in 2006. Do you like this genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it was. It was adapted into a movie.
That one was released in 2014.
Yes, he wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you read it?
It's a drama. It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, do you like sci-fi or action films?
Steven Spielberg and James Coburn are in it. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the graphic novel Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie companion
Yes, the Twilight series is based off the vampire series. If you like vampire series, you should check out The vampire series.
I don't know much about her, but if you like her, you should check out The Twilight series.
You're welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological thriller
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Lettis. Do you like the author because it's a drama?
It is an autobiography that was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta.
I don't know much about Golf, but I do know he is from Murrieta.
I love Julia Bowen too! She starred in a lot of movies.
Connie Nielsen starred in The Ice Harvest and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Situation is a Thriller.
The 5th Wave is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know the name of the movie released in 2016 but I do know that it was released in the genre Science Fiction.
I like both Sci-Fi and Adventure films.
I'm sorry I don't have any mystery recommendations.
You're welcome!
She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Lorax and The Lorax?
She was in Valentine's Day, which was a really good movie. She was also in Valentine's Day, which was a great movie.
I agree. Did you know she starred in The Lorax, which is a comedy?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a Romantic Comedy?
I like Ted too. Did you see any of his other movies?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like him because he is a singer/songwriter?
I like all of her music but I'm more a fan of Taylor Swift's
Do you like his music?
Sure! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well
He was in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan directed it too.
your welcome
Victor Hugo is a writer, a screenwriter, and a screenwriter. He wrote and directed the movie Victor Hugo.
It was released in 2010. It is a great book.
I'm not sure, but it is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Great! Have you read anything by Victor Hugo or Notre-Dame?
I hope you enjoy it!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants and The Garden of Eden.
Yes, I like her song You Lost Me. Have you heard it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
Yea, he's also a composer and lyricist.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Peter and Paul also stars Anthony Hopkins.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I don't know much about them. I do know that their coach is John Fox right?
I do, he plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I didn't know he's with the Denver Nuggets.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
It was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
This book was released in 1926
Okay enjoy your day
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
I see. I don't know much about Serena Williams, but Venus is a great tennis player.
I didn't see that match with Maria Sharapova.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team based in Baltimore
I'm not sure, but Jim Caldwell used to play for the Detroit Lions as a midfielder.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow football much, but I do know that Jim Caldwell coached the Detroit Lions.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, I'll send it right to you.
I think there is a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling and is in the genre Drama.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese. It is a self-help book.
It was released in 1981 and is a Non-fiction.
No problem!
The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like books written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories. Do any of those sound interesting?
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about that?
He is also a writer and a screenwriter.
Frances Mayes wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a Historical Novel.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance and Historical Novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie to kill a Mockingbird because it is a Thriller?
Yes he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
I do! It stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me more about it?
If you like Al Pacino, I think you'll enjoy it.
He also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It is in the English language.
He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
He was in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Lionheart is a science fiction action film that was released in 2015.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you other adventure films he stars in.
Liam Neeson and Liam Neeson both starred in this film.
You're welcome
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, was a great movie. It was directed by Martin McDonagh.
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I agree! He won the NBA Most Valuable Player of the year award.
I don't watch basketball much but I do enjoy basketball movies like Space Jam and Basketball. Do you like basketball?
Wilson Chandler is pretty good. I think he's also a shooting guard.
Sure! Do you like books written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Alien is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes he does! He also produced the series Friends with Benefits. Have you seen that one?
I don't know of any other films he produced. Sorry!
You're welcome!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and it was released in 2013.
That is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
No, I am not sure about that but I do know it was released in 2013.
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it is a great movie.
Danny Lerner Produced The Winter's Bone which is a great movie.
I am not sure about that. I do know he wrote War, Inc.
I do. Did you know he was influenced by Selena Gomez?
Yeah, they're pretty good together. Did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary with Cameron Diaz?
I don't know of any other friends with Will Smith, but he is a good actor.
Sure, do you like books written by J.D. Salinger or J.D. Salinger?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
No, The Shadowhunter's Codex is written by Sarah Silverman.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees but I think they're in the American League right?
I am sorry I do not have information on that.
I am not sure about that. I do know that he has a heart attack and is a heart attack.
I am sorry I don't have that information.
I know he was a composer and a screenwriter.
I think Saina Nehwal is a great athlete and plays badminton. What do you think of him?
I didn't watch badminton, but I think it's because of the popularity of the 2012 Summer olympics.
That's in Western Europe! Did you know Saina Nehwal was from Oxford?
I don't know much about Last Sacrifice, but I do know that it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and stars Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I am glad I could help.
Gillian wrote What Do You Do
Sharp Objects is a non-fiction book
The only one I know is Sharp Objects
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. It's a Psychological Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is an action movie or because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen White House Down? It is a great family comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it's a fantasy?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, there is a movie similar to Little Miss Sunshine such as Little Miss Sunshine such as Little Miss Sunshine.
It was written and directed by Richelle Mead. It is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Sara Gruen.
No, I have not read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't. Is it a Romance novel?
I will have to check it out
You're welcome
Enjoy your book.
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and was released in 2011.
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Pulp Fiction.
John Travolta also stars in The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist. Have you seen those?
She's been in The Hunger Games and Walk the Line. Have you seen either of those?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in the movie Walk the Line
She was also in the movie Welcome to Sarajevo
Joseph Heller wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Historian. Have you heard of those?
I don't know much about them but I do know that they are a sports team.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I'm more of a Lakers fan myself. What about you?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
Zodiac was released in 2010.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm glad I could help!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a good book.
The Golden Compass is a great fantasy book written by Norton Juster.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 2009.
Marion Zimmer Bradley wrote The Mists of Avalon and The Mists of Avalon.
The Mists of Avalon is in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about this book?
Marion Zimmer Bradley is the author of the book The Shadows of Avalon, have you tried that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
John Ratzenberger also starred in that movie. It's a romantic comedy.
It's considered a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Water for Elephants which is a Speculative fiction.
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola
Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski. Have you read it?
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
That's right, it was released in 2009.
Yes, Wicked Appetite is by Janet Evanovich.
I have. Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you heard of it?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes he was, and he also wrote The Scorpion King. Have you read that one?
Leo dicaprio is an actor similar to Leo & Juliet.
Mark Wahlberg starred in the movie The Republic of Love.
Sure, have you seen The Golden Compass or The Dark Knight?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, they both starred in a movie, Conrad Veidt.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Rick Riordan
He also wrote The Golden Compass and The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry I don't, but The Silver Chair is in the Fantasy genre.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp directed The Mists of Avalon and District 9, both great movies.
Yes, it is. District 9 is a thriller. District 9 is a thriller and District 9 is a thriller.
Yes, she did. She also starred in District 9, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
I think she is a singer/songwriter and a singer/songwriter. Are you a fan?
I love Call Me Maybe because it is a hit. She also has a hit called Call Me Maybe.
No problem!
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also on the Mexico national football team. He played for Manchester United F.C.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Stieg Larsson
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, there's Something About Mary was directed by Bobby Farrelly.
Jim Carrey was in Me, Myself & Irene, and Jim Carrey. Jim Carrey also starred in Irene and Jim Carrey.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a basketball player for Chicago. Do you like basketball?
Well, he plays for the Chicago Bulls and won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award.
I do like basketball, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Of course! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is based on the author, Lois Lowry.
I hope you enjoy it!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twits and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Quentin Blake wrote The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read them?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You are welcome!
Will Grayson was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
He also wrote Paper Towns.
You are welcome!
The Firm is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's considered a Psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1956 in the English language.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi also wrote The Secret History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Stephen Hawking also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Mary McDonnell starred in The Scream series. Have you seen it?
Great, I also like Robert Redford. Have you seen the other two of them?
I like Scarlett Johansen too! He was in The Prestige and The Women of Brewster Place.
Scoop is in the Action/Adventure genre.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Reach Me. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I am not sure but I know it was written by Sedaris.
You're welcome
I do! She's a great singer and actress.
I didn't know that. I'm not sure about her debut album, but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, it is a Woman that I like too!
Robin starred in The Glass Men. Have you seen that one?
If you like comedy movies you should watch The Road to El Dorado. It is also starring Robin Williams.
Yes he was, she also starred in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a thriller and stars Matt Damon. Do you like this actor?
Yes he did. Did you know he also directed and starred in that movie?
Sure, I would recommend Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Son. Have you read either of those?
The movie version is in the Romance genre, have you seen the movie?
Sure, have you seen The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, it is a tragedy movie
It is written by Christopher Bigsby and is a Tragicomedy.
You're welcome
I think he is a great basketball player, do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him other than he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He played the position of Forward.
Sure! Mary Harron directed The Scorpion King. Have you seen that one?
Mary is in the genre Comedy
your welcome
I do not stared in that
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the Matrix Revolutions and V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant stars Veronica Cartwright and Maura Tierney. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a Action movie as well.
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans
The Light Between Oceans has genre Historical period drama.
I am not sure who starred in The Light Between Oceans. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
Andy Tennant is a professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Andy Tennant directed and starred in a few of the movies. Have you seen Andy Tennant's acting in?
Fool's Gold is starring Al Pacino and was released in 2014.
Yes he did. He also directed and starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Stephen Dubner starred in The Apostle and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
you are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks?
Yes, if you like this one, you might also enjoy X-Men, X-Men 2 or World Without End
You're welcome!
I think Luis Suarez is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Paris Saint-Germain
Yes, he did play for Liverpool in the Premier League as well.
Yes he is. Did you know he played for Manchester United F.C?
The New England Patriots are a professional American football team based in the United States.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, do you like her work?
Did you know that the series is part of the Harry Potter series?
I'm not sure about that one but I do know that the third book in the series is Harry potter. Have you read that one?
O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by John Irving and he also wrote The Temple of My Familiar.
The movie is based on the true story of Troy, Troy and the Odyssey.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
That book was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Southern Gothic. Do you like this author?
It was also a play written by Tennessee Williams. It is also a drama.
It's a drama. It was released in 1922.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I sure do! Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Happy to help!
I am not a big golf fan but I do know that he is a table tennis player from China
I am not sure about that but I do know he is a table tennis player from China.
I don't have that information but I do know that it was a popular sport in the US.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like them?
I am not a huge fan of them but I do know they won the 2012 World Series
Not really, I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
I am not a fan of soccer but I do know that it is coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
No, I'm more of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who do you root for?
It's a great children's book. It was written by Terry Pratchett and is also a children's book.
Then you should give it a try.
You're welcome
I love her! She's a great writer. Some of her most popular works include X-Men Apocalypse and Winter's Bone.
I agree. Susannah Grant wrote the screenplay. I am not familiar with her work.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that genre.
Glad to help!
I'm glad I could help.
You're welcome!
Yes, Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and stars Stephen King.
That's a great movie! It's also in the Thriller genre. Have you seen it? It's also in the X-Men series.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but I do know that it was released in 2004.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Jane Austen, Emma, and Mansfield Park are a few of the actors in film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
Have you seen The Aviator? It stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
Yes, it was adapted from a book released in 2012.
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. Have you read that one?
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
I believe Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal. Have you seen it?
The Proposal has genre Romance
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Sworn Sword.
They Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
I do! Helen McCrory is an actress. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen.
I've seen Quantum of Solace. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like those?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Casual Vacancy. It's also a great movie.
John Woo directed The World According to Garp. Have you seen it?
Red cliff is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you like war films, you should check out The Red Cliff. It is also a War film and a War film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Richelle Mead. Richelle Mead starred in the movie, which is a Thriller.
Darnell directed both Madagascar and Ant-Man and Madagascar.
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower, which is a Thriller.
Yes, The Worlds End is an action film starring Scott Pilgrim
Yes he did. Shaun of the Dead was directed by Simon Pegg.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks?
I think he plays for the Oklahoma City, which is a basketball team
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
C. S. Lewis also wrote The Magic of Reality, which is a great book.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great tennis player. What do you think of him?
I don't know much about him other than he is a tennis player from London
I didn't know that. Did you know he is from the United States of America?
I didn't know he did, but he did help with his career, and he did help with his career.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
I am not, but I know he wrote and directed Fast Food Nation. Have you seen that?
It's children's literature. It's part of a series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel.
Yes he is. Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls with Hill Harper
I'm sorry i don't know
Peter Krause starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
The Truman Show is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
Fannie Flagg wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you heard of it?
I still Dream About You is a Drama/Comedy/Comedy/Drama
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I don't know much about it, I know it is when Andy grew up up in the late 1980's.
I know that it is based on the true story of Toy Story 3. Toy Story 3 is based on the true story of Toy Story 3.
Memento is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Memento is a thriller, so is The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is it something you'd like?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses is a great one, have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote "The Valley of Horses" and "The Plains of Passage."
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Titan's Curse.
Yes he did. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for FC Bayern Munich II
I don't watch soccer either, but I know Mesut Ozil plays for Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I do know he plays for Germany though.
yes i do. do you like mike tomlin?
i don't follow soccer much but I do enjoy American football. how about you?
They're pretty good. I've seen the movie The Titans.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that she also wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a drama
You're welcome!
I've never heard of National Treasure. Is it a thriller?
Yes that is a great movie. Have you seen The Family Man?
That's great! She also starred in The Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Of course! Enjoy!
Enjoy!
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
The Secret River is a romance novel.
The Secret River is a Historical novel that was released in 1926.
I know that Chelsea is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and is also a musician.
I actually don't know much about football, but Chelsea is a Midfielder in London.
No, I'm not sure about that. I do know that Kepa is a Midfielder.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like football?
Michael Higgins wrote  [Z no shmetsu]. what else can i do for you?
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he did and also The Hero of Radiance was released in 2014.
Yes, it was released in 2008
You are welcome!
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen those?
Great! He also stars in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one.
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2 and X-men 2.
It is a thriller starring Zak Penn.
I like Superhero movies, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I do. He's been in so many great movies such as Unbreakable and The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen those?
I'll add them to your list. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Gilliam: The End of the Affair and The Hunt for Red October.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an adventure film directed by Terry Gilliam, and stars Paul Newman.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read The Wedding? It's a good one.
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is in the Romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel.
You are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his work?
Sure! The Art of French Cooking was released in 1999 and is also a non-fiction.
Glad I could help!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of the Cave Bear.
Have you tried The Clan of the Cave Bear because it is a Historical novel?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Do you like War films?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what genres do you like?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I'll have to check that out, but I'll have to check that out.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. Would you like to hear more titles from her?
The Scar is written by Roland Emmerich and is in the genre Mystery.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
He also directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King was released in 2014 and is in the genre Drama.
Total Recall is a sci-fi starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Ronny Cox also starred in Monster's Inc. Have you seen it?
Ronny Cox starred in a lot of movies such as The Good and the Bad and the Ugly
You're welcome
Sure, do you like books written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
Vanishing Acts is a book in the horror genre. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Brave is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Up is one of my favorite by him, but the next in the series is Toy Story.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know a little about him. He plays for Real Madrid and the Brazil national football team
Yes, and Club de regata is also a film.
Yes, he is with Luis Fabiano too
I think he is a great actor. He starred in The Wardrobe. Have you seen it?
J. R. Ward also wrote The Shadows, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
It's a drama and a crime story. Do you enjoy those?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I know Harbhajan Singh is a cricket player, do you like cricket?
Yes, Cricket is one of the best in the Indian Premier League.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really watch cricket at Wankle Stadium.
Felicia Bond wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read them?
Yes, it was. If you take a Mouse to the Movies was released in 1985, you should give it a try.
It was released in 1985. If you give a Pig a Pancake is in the genre of Children's Literature.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an author. He wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Perfect Chemistry is a great book! I think you will enjoy it.
Harold Ramis is one of my favorite actors. He was also in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
Harold Ramis is a writer and a film producer. If you like comedy, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars.
Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre.
Steve Jobs is written by Quentin Tarantino. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books similar to Wither.
Sure! Lauren DeStefano also wrote a lot of books such as Sever and Fever, which is a great read.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was also written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel.
Nicholas Evans wrote True Believer and it was released in 2012.
It is considered a thriller.
No problem!
The dallas Cowboys is a great cowboys. Did you know the dallas Cowboys is part of the National Football League?
I think the only thing I know about the Cowboys is that they are in the National Football League.
Yeah, the Cowboys wanted to make such an art collection as the Cowboys.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and India in the Indian Premier League.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. Did you know he also starred in The Man in the High Castle?
I agree, if you like horror films, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill A Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about this book?
No, it is written by Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I think Saina Nehwal is a great athlete and plays badminton. What do you think of him?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi but I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
I have heard of Serena Williams, but I don't know much about her.
I know a little about him. I know he is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, she is a famous singer and songwriter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Kick Ass is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like Tim Pigott-Smith?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
This movie was released in 2015.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War is a war film.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I do, he's a very talented singer. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he is a great writer. I like him a lot more.
I don't know much about him. I know he won the Padma Shri Award.
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
She is a great actress. She's also in The Proposal and The Proposal. Have you seen them?
Its a thriller and also a mystery. Its also a thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like Tim Pigott-Smith?
Well, if you like Liam Neeson, you might also like The Matrix. It's a great movie.
Sure. Schindler's List is a drama and also falls under the genre Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
Do you like the great gatsby because it is a Speculative fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in this genre.
Great choice! The Golden Compass is a good one as is World Without End.
You are welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Mark Twain and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca.
I don't have any additional information on that one, but I can tell you it was released in 2017.
Yes, it was released in 2008. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
She is an amazing actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I am not sure when it was released
Lady Gaga starred in the Muppets
Lady Gaga is known for her role in the comedy American Dream
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
I think Lamar Jackson is a good one, but I don't really follow football much.
Did you know he is from the United States of America?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like this author or genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other Young Adult Fiction books listed.
The Fault in Our Stars is a great book! It was written by Richelle Mead.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in that genre.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction.
I don't know any other books by Lois Lowry, but I do know that he also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a speculative fiction
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Have you read The House of Mirth? It's a great one.
Do you like it because it's romance or because it's romance?
Wes Anderson wrote The Sworn Sword, and The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you more about her if you like.
Of course! I hope you like it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2004 and is a drama/mystery.
He also wrote The Mists of Avalon and The Truman Show.
Silent Hill came out in 2011. It's a thriller.
I love her! She starred in A View to a Kill. Have you seen it?
She also starred in the Romantic Comedy Pulp Fiction have you seen that?
You're welcome!
I do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
Oh, that's a great song! She has a lot of talent in her music. I think you should listen to it.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
Colleen McCullough also wrote The First Man in Rome, which is a drama.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that?
The Last Crusade came out in the year 2013
Major League II also stars Vincent Regan and Liam Neeson.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like the author J.K. Rowling? She wrote The Prisoner of Azk.
Have you read The Goonies by J.K. Rowling? It is part of the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1946.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he wrote The Assassination of Jesse. Have you read that one?
Yes, I have seen The Muse and Twilight Zone. Have you seen those?
I do! I love Joe Pesci. He also starred in The Muse. It's a Comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a family movie?
Steve Carell also stars in it. It's a great family movie.
You're welcome, I hope he enjoys it!
Wilson Rawls wrote What Alice Forgot and Truly Madly Guilty. Have you read either of these?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of football but I do know that they are a part of the NFC East.
The Patriots lost to the New York Giants in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about the Patriots except for Super Bowl XLVII.
I like John Lennon, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
John Lennon also wrote The Yellow Submarine. Have you heard it?
The Avengers is a great one, have you seen it?
No, but if you like comic books, you might like The Incredibles or The Incredibles.
Then I think you'll like The Amazing Spider Man.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pearl Harbor was a great read. It was written by James Dashner and Paul Werstine.
Pearl Harbor has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Are you interested in this genre?
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
The Gremlins is written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a basketball fan but I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I don't think Steve James is in it but he's a great basketball player for the Golden State Warriors.
I have seen Space Jam. I've never seen Space Jam. It's a basketball movie.
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Psychological Thriller
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in the United States.
The Packer is a football team.
I like basketball, but my husband is a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Robert Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he is a great golfer, but I don't know much about him. What sport do you like?
Yes he used those in the Winter XIV and X-filies.
I wonder if he's in Snowboating, but I don't know anything about him.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Philip K. Dick also wrote The Matrix and The Matrix. Have you seen those?
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Tom Hanks and Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Yes, he is a good one, he plays for the New York Giants.
I have seen Wildcats. I love goldie Hawn too.
I know that Last Sacrifice is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes it is
She also wrote The Vampire Academy
You are welcome
Divergent is in the genre Young-adult fiction. Would you like recommendations in that genre?
It's a Young-adult fiction.
The very acclaimed caterpillar is a Speculative fiction. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes he did. He also wrote Water for Elephants which is a young-adult fiction.
Another great children's book is The Infernal Device.
I don't know any other books written by him but I do know he is also a teacher
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much about them except for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like football?
Mike McCarthy also plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She won the stova Award for Best Novel and The Salon.
The Historian is a great one and she also wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian.
Emile Zola wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
That's a great story. Did you know it was written by Little Princess, who also wrote Little Princess.
Yes, it is in the Children's literature genre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. It is in the same series as A Little Princess.
You're welcome!
I don't really follow basketball much but I do enjoy watching the Nets. Who is your favorite player?
I'm sorry, I don't know much about him. I do know he's a basketball player.
I don't know much about the Freak. I'm more of a fan of the Freaks.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a Fantasy.
Yes, Linkin Park is still together. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Road was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Post-Apocalyptic fiction is a similar book.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes he does and he is also a science fiction writer.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks because Tom Hanks is in it?
Larry Crowne is one of my favorites!
That movie is a drama.
You're welcome!
She's a great actress. She's starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about her?
I haven't seen that yet, but I do follow her on Saturday night live. Have you seen it?
No, I'm not a fan of satire shows. Did you know Parks and Recreation is a comedy?
Yes, it's a satire show. Did you see it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I know a little about her. She plays football for the Miami Heat of the National Football team. Do you like football?
I know he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C.
Oh, ok. I didn't know he was a woman in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
I love her song Till the World Ends. How about you?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter.
Yeah, I like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that he is a British singer?
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It was released in the same year as Go Ask Alice. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it is. If you like that genre, I recommend The Martian Chronicles.
They're both speculative fiction. I'm not sure about that.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
I know he directed Freakonomics. Have you seen that?
Freakonomics starred Matt Damon and Seth Gordon. Do you like this actor?
I believe he plays for the Portugal national football team.
I'm not sure about soccer. I do know he is married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, Victoria is one of my favorite actors.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger stared in Arnold Schwarzenegger in The Terminator and The Order.
Great choice! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing with him in all of his movies. He's known for his role in the Batman film, Batman, and the Dark Knight.
Ella Enchanted is starring Zoey Deutch and Frank Grillo
Ella Enchanted is written by Quentin Tarantino
Ella Enchanted is available to you
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Irwin kershner also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He was in The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1856.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Yes he was
No, I haven't. What genres do you like?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction.
He wrote The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent. Both are great books.
Yes, it is in the audiobook format.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie also wrote the play.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome!
Of course! Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and stars Christian Bale. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it is written by Spirit Bound
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
I know a little about him. He plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching Venus and her sister Serena.
I've never seen the rough streets of Compton but I'll have to check it out.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I think he plays for the Detroit Pistons. Did you know he was born in Houston?
I didn't know that. I don't really follow basketball too closely.
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Magician's Stone is a fantasy
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Octavia Spencer is one of my favorite actors.
Viola was also in The Help, which is a very popular film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Ninth Configuration and The Return of the King.
Yes he did. State Fair is one of my favorite musicals.
Yes, he did. Did you know he is also a musician?
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read those?
Yes, he is an author similar to Paula Hawkins.
Flannery O'Conner is a great writer. She wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you heard of it?
It's in the genre of Speculative fiction
You're welcome
She starred in Aliens. Have you seen it?
Bill Paxton also starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Tombstone also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction and Wild Cards.
She wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Why We Were Soldiers.
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop.
He also directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen that one?
Total Recall is an Action/Adventure movie released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure! Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Undertow is a drama and crime movie.
Snow White and the Huntsman also star in this movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Then you might like The Golden Compass. It is also in the Fantasy genre as well.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and is in the genre fantasy.
Glad to be of service!
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he did! It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that movie.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sam Worthington starred in this movie. Do you like Sam Worthington starred in this movie?
Sean Harris also stars in Total Recall. He also starred in the movie The Mask.
You are welcome.
Yes, I agree. The Giants are a good team. Do you like baseball?
Oh, 2014 was a great year for the Giants!
Who is your favorite team?
Denzel Washington, Denzel Washington, and Denzel Washington are the starring actors in the Equalizer.
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Mists of Avalon, and The Lawnmower Man.
No, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. He is a table tennis player from China.
Yes, that's correct. I think Ziyi also starred in a Romance film called X-Men.
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to know more about these?
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to know more about this?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has genre Historical period drama.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
Pride and Prejudice is one of my favorites.
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote The Sun Also Rises.
Patriot Games is a political thriller.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote and directed The Stiller. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He is hilarious in Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was. Luke Wilson also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like the one she sang called Crossroads and Crossroads. What about you?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is friends with Britney Spears.
Yeah, he was a great actor. He was also in Friends with Benefits. Have you seen Black Snake Moan?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It was released in 2012 and written by Liam Neeson. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Terminal was funny. Steven Spielberg also directed The Goonies, have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Steve McQueen directed The 13th Warrior and The 13th Warrior.
It came out in 2014. Steve McQueen also wrote and directed it.
The Towering Inferno was a great movie, directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or the genre?
Robert De Niro is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book
That movie stars Monty Python and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That was a great book! It was released in the 1940's and is part of a series.
John Grisham wrote this movie.
Yes, it was in the Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by George Cukor
I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like Argentina?
I didn't know he play for Barcelona but he is a great golfer.
I agree! Louis van Gaal also coaches the Netherlands national football team.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead in The Fugitive.
Yes, he was great in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that?
The Perks of Being a Walflower is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2003.
Yes she was. She also starred in The Missing.
He directed The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is written by Rick Riordan and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Tom Cruise also stars in The Vampire Diary. Have you seen this one?
Andres Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about them but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
I am not sure about that. What do you think about the Dodgers?
That's right. Did you know they won the World Series?
I don't know much about the world series. I do know that the world series was a great event.
The Devil Wears Prada is a fashion movie. Do you like fashion movies?
Aline Brosh McKena also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Golden Compass. Have you seen them?
I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Phantom. Have you seen that?
Yes, they both starred in Treasure Planet. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have any idea who starred in that one but I do know The Legend of Zorro is a Mystery.
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen it?
It is a drama, do you like dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other thrillers, but if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which was a good read.
Yes, it is a romance
No, it is in Black-and-White
You're welcome
I think they are a good basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I like tennis, but my favorite is the Lakers
I enjoy watching tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
I don't, but Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Red Pyramid and The Longest Yard.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sharapova is currently number 66 in the WTA tour.
You're welcome!
He wrote a book called Things Fall Apart. Have you read it?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen either of those?
He also wrote Loathing in Las Vegas that came out in 1988. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction do you like that genre?
I don't know any other books she wrote, but the genre is speculative fiction and fantasy.
Yes it is Fantasy, have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I think they're a good team.
Yes he does does he play for the New York Giants
Yes he was a free agent and a free agent.
I know he plays for the Argentina national football team and Manchester United F.C.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree! He's very strong! He's also a forward and a forward.
Are you looking for more books written by Jeff Kinney?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you heard of it?
It stars Christian Bale and is a very popular movie. It is also a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations.
You are welcome
Correct. Allegiant is a Thriller.
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead and is a romance novel.
Yes, Rainbows End is a novel. She also wrote The Sweet Far Thing.
It is a romance novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is in the genre of Fantasy. Would you like to hear more about this one?
Do you like the Golden Compass because it is a fantasy?
Philip Pullman wrote and directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yep, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome. Enjoy
I do! She composed You Lost Me. Have you heard of it?
I like Shakira more tho. Shakira is my favorite songwriter.
He's a great singer. Did you know he's also a singer?
Do you like books written by J.J. Abrams because it is a Thriller?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino and has genre Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I agree. She is a great tennis player.
I agree. He is a great tennis player as well.
I think they are a good basketball team. Are you a fan of theirs?
He also played for the Chicago Bears and the Chicago Bears.
Oh yea he was in that movie too! He was a great actor in that movie too!
I know he plays for the Wales national football team.
I do watch football but I don't really watch football either. I prefer American Football. How about you?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you heard of them?
The Water is Wide is a Historical novel
The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Ok, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West is also a great Spaghetti in the West. It's also a great film.
Sure! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a classic, and it's in the action genre, and was directed by Sergio Leone.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Well, if you like dramas, you might also enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and is in the Drama genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy and Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Do you like his work?
Yes he is a DJ, he is also a DJ
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about him. What do you think of him?
I like tennis and I like to watch college football. How about you?
I like to watch tennis from time to time. How about you?
Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
Seven Years to Sin is a Psychological thriller
Your welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Anne-Marie is a singer and she sings a lot of pop music. Do you like pop music?
Did you know that she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
Sia Furler is a very talented singer. He's also a singer, songwriter, and a model.
I didn't realize she was a great Lyricist. I'll have to check it out.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yeah, he plays cricket too. Did you know he is from India?
Yeah, he was. He also starred in Scream 4.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Sense of Snow, as well as Jurassic Park.
No, I haven't seen it. Kevin Costner also stars in It's a great movie.
That's correct! 1989 was the year that released The Last Samurai.
Do you like the Fantasy genre?
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It stars Woody Harrelson and Tim Pigott-Smith.
I'm not sure about Kevin Zegers. However, he's also a producer and a producer.
You're welcome
Can You Keep a Secret? was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
She wrote The Wedding Date, and The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read those?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I've been meaning to learn more about the game, but I'm not a big fan of the sport either.
Sure, it was written by Gillian Flynn and has genre Suspense. Do you like this author?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mamma Mia also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and You Only Live Twice.
I hope you enjoy it! Michael Streep also starred in Warcraft. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is she a singer?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. Are you a fan?
I think they'll have to host the World Series this year.
No, I didn't. I'll have to watch it again. Is it your favorite team?
They're pretty good. I'm a Packers fan myself.
I'm not sure when it came out, sorry.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down, have you heard of it?
I don't have that information but Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature
I agree! He won the 2010 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I think he does as well! Did you know he also starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
Yes, Entourage is a drama. It is also a comedy.
Weeds is a great movie! Enjoy!
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Time Machine
I don't have that information, sorry.
No, I haven't seen it yet I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome
A Space Odyssey is a Sci-fi movie. Do you like Sci-fi?
Yes, James Harden is a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets and the Rockets.
I don't know much about her but I do know that he is a great shooting guard.
I'm always happy to assist!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees but I do like the owner George Steinbrenner.
I know they play in the American League as a member of the American Football Conference and the Chicago Bears.
I don't know much about baseball but I do know that the New York Yankees is owned by George Steinbrenner.
Psycho is written by Clint Eastwood and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
he has been in quite a few movies. Have you seen Alfred Hitchcock?
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach is Ryan Gigg?
Yes, he's. He's one of the best businessperson in the United States.
They certainly do. Did you know he also owns the Tampa Bay Bucs?
Sure! Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
He's been in The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen that one?
Creed recently is a thriller and was directed by Sylvester Stallone.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a lot of books such as The Time Machine and The Dark Knight.
The Great Train Robbery is a satire and was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that he is a great actor.
I'm sorry I don't but it is starring Vivica A Fox
He also starred in The Assassination of Jesse
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other examples of Gothic fiction.
The Time Machine is written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
I hope you enjoy them!
He starred in Things Behind The Sun and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
It certainly is! It's considered a drama and a drama.
That's great! He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen that one?
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think about them?
I don't know much about Rowdy's role but he played for the Cowboys.
The Dallas Cowboys have 4 Super Bowl wins.
He also directed The Return of a Man Called Horse. Have you seen that one?
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you interested in this genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Gillian Flynn
Gillian wrote Dark Places. Gone is a Psychological thriller. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on any other authors.
Yes, I agree. He wrote a great book called Temptation.
Yes, I do. I like all science fiction books.
Great, enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I think Virat Kohli is a Cricket player from India.
I'm not a huge cricket fan but I do know that he's also from India.
I've never seen a game live, but I've never heard of it.
i'm a fan of tennis. do you like any other sports?
You too!
Yes Houston Rockets is a basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
Looper is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Ok. Do you like Warlock because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. Would you like to know more about it?
If you like that one, you might also enjoy the movie When the Wind Blows. Have you seen that one?
The Great Gatsby is starring F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like F. Scott Fitzgerald?
He also wrote Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Damned, and The Beautiful and Damned.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure when it came out, but Arc de Triomphe was the author of Im Westen nichts Neues.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she is dating Rory McIlroy
I don't know much about her but I do know that she plays tennis.
I don't know much about them either. I do know that they play in the Williams sisters.
I didn't love it but I think it is a great sport to watch.
I love fashion. Is that your favorite?
Yes, it is a classic movie. It was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like this genre?
Williams is one of the most well known actors in the movie.
Williams also wrote The Sworn Sword
You are welcome
Do you like the author Tana French? She wrote In the Woods.
The Golden Compass is a good one.
You're welcome.
I know a little about him, he wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Are you familiar with that?
He has been involved in lots of films such as The Incredibles and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you more about the movie Suicide Squad.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions about this movie.
You are welcome
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. They are 2nd in the NFC North.
Oh, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Andrew Garfield directed The Other Guys which is starring Andrew Garfield.
Both Justin Timberlake and Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network
Social Network is a Thriller.
Social Network was released in 2011.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure Ang Lee directed Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in The Ice Storm. Have you seen it?
He also wrote The Ice Storm. Have you heard of this one?
Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
No, I haven't, but I think it is a great book. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I know that Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton and plays badminton. Do you like badminton?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't.
That book was written by Liam Neeson. He also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths starring Martin McDonagh.
Yes he was a scientist and a scientist. Do you like scientist?
Yes he did. He also directed The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Robin is a great actor. He starred in The Glass Men. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a great Family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Robin Williams and Rosario Dawson. It's a great family movie.
I'll do that right now. Enjoy!
I know a little about Homer's work but I don't know much about Homer. Do you know Homer wrote The Simpson?
The Iliad and the Odyssey is an example of a classic poetry.
Beowulf is considered a classic. It's in the genre of speculative fiction.
I don't know much about them but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIVc
That's interesting. Did you know they won Super Bowl XLVII?
I am not sure about that. I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure! The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock starred in a lot of movies such as The Proposal and The Proposal
The Proposal is a thriller and Gravity is starring Matt Damon
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It was released in 2015.
Yes he wrote Dead as a Reference, Commmanda.
They are a basketball team in the American Football Conference. Are you a fan of basketball?
The team is owned by Woodson
No,I don't have that information
You are welcome
In Bruges is written by Martin McDonagh and stars Thomas Lennon.
Colin Farrell starred in The Proposal, which is an action/adventure film.
I definitely recommend Seven Psychopaths. Colin Farrell also starred in The Proposal, which is an excellent movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
The Denver Broncos are a member of the American Football Conference. Are you a football fan?
Yes, that's a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I do like Trillers. Gary Scott Thompson also starred in Jurassic Park. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about Matt Schulza, but he is a great actor. I think he is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it.
Have you seen the other two of them?
No, I don't think it is based on the movie.
Great, I will add it to your list!
You're welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yeah he plays for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
Not really, but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't know any other works by her.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! I hope you like them!
Henry Gifford wrote она и мир.
James Franco is an actor who starred in such films as What's Up, Tiger Lily, and Whatever Works. Have you seen any of those?
This is the End is the End. James Franco also stars in Pineapple Express.
This is the End is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he is a great soccer player, do you like soccer?
I don't know much about football but I do know that he plays for the Chilean National Football team.
Yeah that's a good movie. I'm a fan of the movie. It's a great movie.
I love Doctor Zhivago. Did you see it?
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes he did and it's a great book.
I am not sure about that but it is a great book.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Gone with the Wind. Gone with the Wind has genre Comedy
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It is a Historical novel.
Yes, he is a basketball player for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about Ray Bradbury if you want.
I don't have that information, sorry
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he plays for FC Barcelona and the Chilean national football team
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Haha, that was a great golf movie. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in that movie, too. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure about that. I'm not sure about that but I think it was a romantic comedy.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and The Wildest Dream. Have you read those?
Beneath is a thriller. He also starred in Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Total Recall is a great movie. I think you will like it.
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton. Are you a fan of his?
I am not sure about that, but I do know Saina Nehwal is an athlete from India.
Yes, and he is from Hisar in the 2012 Olympics.
Thor is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
Iron Man is a great one. Some of my favorites are The Incredible Hulk, Thor, and The Incredible Hulk.
He also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
He also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Eric Brees wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
The Golden Compass is a good thriller and stars Eric Brees.
The Butterfly Effect is a horror movie starring Eric Brees and Nicole Kidman.
William Scott is a great actor. He has starred in many movies such as The Final Destination, The Skull and The Dark Knight.
Sure, October Sky is a thriller that was released in 2015.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I like her because she is a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
Pauley Shore is Dead also starred Shelley Shore is another great actor. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure! Frank Miller directed Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Pencil 300 is in the genre horror.
It stars Xzibit, Meryl Streep and Christian Bale. It was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do! It's a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Robert De Niro is in it. Would you like to know who directed it?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion.
That is correct. Have you seen the film adaptation?
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cassandra Clare wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass; City of Glass.
Mortal Instruments is speculative fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation along with Tom Cruise.
Yes he was in Days of Thunder. Have you seen it?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know that their coach is John Fox right?
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Cowboys.
Sure, do you like books written by Jodi Picoult or the Romance genre?
Where There's Smoke is a Romance and Historical Novel.
I don't know of any other Crime Fiction books but I do know that it is part of a series.
I don't watch soccer much but I do watch the Germany national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't watch soccer much, I prefer American Football. What about you?
I do watch soccer, but I don't know much about the sport either.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
The Sweet Far Thing is in the Fantasy genre. The Diviners is in the Young-adult fiction genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a Polish writer, poet, and playwright.
You're welcome!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I'm not sure who else is on that team. I don't know much about them either.
You're welcome!
She is a professional golfer from Honolulu.
Yes, she is a professional golfer from Honolulu
Wow! What do you think about her?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else starred in the film. I do know it was a comedy.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know he was influenced by Selena Gomez?
I didn't know he won that award. I think he is a great Choreography.
He's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Fantasy?
I have a couple of Fantasy movies. You might want to check out The Hunger Games or The Golden Compass
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of other adventure films.
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel.
You're welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz
No, I haven't. Is that a book you'd like?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I think Rafael Nadal is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I like Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal
I don't think so. I know Marat Safin is a tennis player.
You're welcome
Sure! He wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost Hero, and The Valley of Fear. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1895.
Glad I could help!
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry I don't know any other books by her.
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story was released in 2011. It is a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I love her! My favorite song is Whatcha Say. Have you heard it?
She has a lot of talent in her music. I think she's a great pianist, do you know her?
I'm sorry, I don't know that one.
Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth or because it is a thriller?
He also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Jodi Picoult wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote Vanishing Acts and The Tenth Circle.
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
I know he is a Brazilian football player and plays for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC
I do like Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Cleveland Browns. Do you like the Cleveland Browns?
Oh, he's a great player. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys though. What sport do you like?
I didn't know that! He's a good coach. He's also a former American Footballer.
Sure! Peter Weir directed The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen those?
Yes, he directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
Do you know if she acted in any movies?
Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about this book?
I don't have any other examples of this genre, but Lois Lowry also wrote Young-Adult Fiction.
Yes, Xenocide is a great read. Xenocide is also in the genre of Science Fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
It was! It was adapted from Charlotte's Web and is in the Drama genre.
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in Young Guns II. Have you seen that one?
Bradly Cooper also starred in The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that one?
Submarine is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He's been in many great movies. He's been in The Fault in Our Stars, The Return of the King, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome!
Sure! One Story was written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his books?
Douglas Adams wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Affair and The Restaurant at the End of the Affair.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that one.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about this book?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I like contemporary R & B but I don't know much about them.
They are very popular in the K-pop genre. Are you a fan?
I do! They're very popular in the Nsync genre.
I think they are a pretty good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLI?
I didn't know that! He's a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens.
I'm more of a sports fan. I'm more of a sports fan myself.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Zero Dark Thirty is a similar one.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
There is a sequel to L.A. Confidential, which is also written by James Ellroy.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Thrillers?
I agree! Meet the Parents is a comedy. Meet the Parents is a comedy. Have you seen it?
That is a great movie. Denzel washington also starred in The Green Mile which is a drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry
Rufus Sewell also stars in The Longest Yard. Have you seen it?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do know that she is married to Rory McIIroy
I didn't know that. I know that Serena also starred in Hair Show. Have you seen it?
Smokin' Aces stars Leonardo DiCaprio and was a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he directed The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. It's also a suspense film.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Chasing Vermeer also wrote Looking for Alaska. Have you read it?
Trojan Odyssey was written by Quentin Tarantino. It's a great book.
Done. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author because of the genre or the author?
Broken Silence was released in 2010. It's also a film.
You are welcome!
Sure! Do you like the author Lauren Oliver or the genre speculative fiction?
Pandemonium is a book in the speculative fiction genre. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I love Madonna's music. Did you know she starred in Who's the Boss?
Yeah, it's a great relationship with Madonna. She's a great singer and actress.
Yes that's correct. I'm not sure if that's true.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know that she is a singer/songwriter too.
That's great! I'll add it to my watch list.
Yes, it was written by Joel Coen and he is starring in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman
I am not sure about that but I do know it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure. James Patterson wrote The Fault in Our Stars, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of these?
He also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
Nothing from Agatha Christie has genre Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed Requiem for A Dream which is a romance film. Have you seen it?
Requiem of a Dreams is a Drama/Crime Fiction
Requiem of a Dreams is starring Mickey Rourke
He directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Apocalypse Now stars Tom Wilkinson and Robert De Niro. Are you familiar with these actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Do you like Mr and Mrs. Smith because it is a romance movie?
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Then you might like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Hayley Atwell wrote The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Vanessa Redmayne. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
I'm not a patriots fan. Who do you root for?
He's a good coach. He's also a former footballer.
Yes, it stars Tom Hardy and Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes he did and it also has a genre of Sci-Fi and Comedy.
Yes, he is younger and has a lot of talents.
I believe Nicky Katt is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
You are welcome
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Soldiers. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2007
We Were Liars was also released in 2014 and also The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau
You're welcome
Seven Pounds is written by Richelle Mead. Richelle Mead starred in it. Richelle Mead starred in it.
Sure! Do you like the author because it's young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is! It's a film based on a book.
Yep! It's a good one.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I know he plays for the Wales national football team.
I believe he was a midfielder for Wales.
I didn't know he's from Wales but he plays Forward
Yes, Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
I love her music. I like Dance-pop and Teenage Dream.
She's very talented. She's also a model and a model.
I have not, but I heard it was a great book. Did you know it was written by Anne Hathaway?
No, I haven't seen it yet. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I do! Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Emily Griffin is an actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2012.
It's a great movie. Kevin Dunn and James Coburn also star in it.
You're welcome!
Kazuo Ishiguro has written a number of books. Would you like to know more about this?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like football?
He plays the forward position
Mr. Lewandowski is born in Warsaw.
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. Have you heard of it?
Sure! The Selection is based on a novel by Kiera Cass''s work.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like X-men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
If you like action movies, I would recommend The X-Men movies. Have you seen them?
Great, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes Xzibit was a great show. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
"Sharp Objects" is a book similar to Gone Girl, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is an adventure movie?
Sure, it was written by Woody Allen and stars Seth Rogen and Jack Nicholson.
It is a Fiction/ Mystery. Do you like this genre?
The Tipping Point is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I don't know of any podcasts that Malcolm Gladwell wrote.
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Valerie Plame also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you seen it?
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
C.S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Riddick.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a young-adult fiction. It was released in 1927.
The Silver Chair was released in 1926.
You're welcome!
I think he is a good cricket player, do you like him?
I like a lot of cricket players. I think he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
No, I haven't. Is he a good cricket player?
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. What do you think about him?
I don't know about any movies he has starred in either. I do know Maroon 5 is starring Adam Levine
I don't know a couple of movies. I do know Maroon 5 is starring Adam Levine
Yes, it was written by James Frey. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome
Michael Crichton wrote a lot of thrillers including  [Z no shmetsu].
he has written a lot of books including a lot of thrillers
it is a speculative fiction book
You are welcome!
He is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich II
I like American Football. I'm more a fan of American Football. What about you?
I do enjoy watching basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Ken Kesey wrote The Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes he wrote "Go Further" in the Speculative Genre" in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Yes, he also wrote "Go Further" with Woody Harrelson.
Of course! I hope you like it!
Paulo Coelho is a writer and he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
I don't know. What else do you like about him?
It's a Historical novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie Rear Window
Yes it is. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert De Niro. Do you like Thrillers?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorite actors. He was in The Sniper's most popular movies. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Silver Linings Playbook is a drama.
You're welcome!
I do! Martin Scorsese wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
Yes. It's one of my favorites. It's a great family movie.
If you like Step Brothers, you should watch The Incredibles. It's a great comedy.
Well, if you like comedy, you might also like The Women of Brewster Place starring Robert De Niro.
Well, it's a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro and is also a comedy.
It is an adventure movie starring Adam Carolla.
You're welcome!
Yes, Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, he wrote the Toy Story 2 and The Beverly Hillbillies.
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance and Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Golden Compass starring Neeson is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings is produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I think they are doing well this season.
They won the Super Bowl XLVII and a few more.
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. What do you think about them?
Yes, he is. Do you like the Red Sox?
I like Wayne and Verona, New Jersey is a great place to visit.
I didn't see that one, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Divergent because it is a Sci-Fi?
You might like The Hunger Games. It stars Veronica Cartwright.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the author J.K. Rowlings because it is a fantasy?
It stars Robert De Niro and is a Thriller. Do you like those actors?
I agree. Nicki Minaj is a great singer and a celebrity friend to Tyga. Do you like her?
I didn't know she was a musician in that film.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know a lot about her but I do know she is a rapper.
I haven't read it but I know it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes. I do like fiction. Have you read Wreck-It-Ralph?
I do like thrillers, but I don't know much about the movie Without Remorse.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of this?
Theodore Lesieg is a young-adult fiction
The Lorax came out in 1999
Absolutely! Have a great day
Certainly. Enjoy
The Kansas City Chiefs are a good team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXX?
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
It was released in the English language and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let Me Go. It is a science-fiction that was released in 2015.
Yes he did! It's a great movie! It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Ruben Fleischer wrote The Assassination of Jesse. Have you heard of it?
I don't have that information
It is a Thriller
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes is a great book written by Stieg Larsson
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes
Akira Kurosawa is a great director. He directed Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of movies to recommend.
You're welcome!
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions is starring Rhonda Byrne. what else can i answer for you?
Confessions is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you like the Denver Broncos?
Do you like the Cowboys? I like the Redskins.
I do, he composed the song We Rode in Trucks. Have you heard that one?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it the movie that I like?
He was in a lot of other movies like The Longest Yard, The Longest Daycare, and The Longest Daycare.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks wrote and directed Scream. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also stars in World War Z. Have you seen it?
I'm not a baseball fan but I do like the Boston Sox. How about you?
I'm more of a fan of the Baltimore Orioles but I don't follow the Oriole's much.
They're having a lot of players & coaching changes. I'm glad they won the Super Bowl XLI.
Sure, Timur Bekmatov directed V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
It stars Seth Rogen and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Van Helsing
Yes he stars in that movie. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie! Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
Douglas Adams was written by John Green and is a Non-fiction. Do you like Non-Fiction?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was released in 1995
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that, but I can tell you The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his acting?
He wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Great! He is a great actor. He was also in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
If you like dramas, you should check out The Apocalypse Now. It is a great movie.
I think they're a great football team but I'm not a big football fan. What about you?
I didn't know Thorpe was a successful businessman.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but if I had to choose a favorite team, if I had to choose a favorite!
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Bears. Who do you root for?
Looks like they are doing well this season!
I like college football. What about you?
Yes, it stars Zooey Deschanel and Kristen Stewart.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Beautiful Creatures.
You Again was a great movie! It is a Romance and Comedy.
No I don't, but I can tell you that the book is in the genre of mystery.
I would have to say, because it is based on the book's genre.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by Orson Scott Card.
I'll add it now.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Informant. Have you seen that?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a singer/songwriter. Do you like country music?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liars. She also wrote Pretty Little Liars.
Yes! Pretty Little Liars is a TV series by Sara Shepard. It was released in 2015.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Sara Shepard was a TV producer on Pretty Little Liars.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think they are a good team, did you know their coach is Ryan Gigg?
I love America Football! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I like Army/Navy, but I don't know much about college football either.
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are part of the NFC South division.
I don't know much about him either. I think he is a good coach though.
I didn't know that! He's a great player, right?
Yes, he starred in The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll send it to your screen now.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate. Have you read it?
It was also released in 1989
Mary Higgins Clark wrote that as well
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is an amazing writer. She also wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
Defending Jacob is a thriller
It's a thriller movie.
Agatha Christie wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
It was released in 1987
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a play written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is written by William Shakespeare and is in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game
Yes, Morten Tyldum starred in The Imitation Game along with Morten Tyldum. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
He also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you heard of it?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Well, he is a recurring writer on the TV series The Secret Life of Bees which is a popular movie.
It's about the life of a young man who lives in a deserted country in the United States.
You're welcome. Enjoy
OK. Have a great day!
She starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest. Have you seen those?
The Situation is a Historical period drama that was released in 2015.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a snowboarder and starred in the movie Friends with Benefits.
It stars Shaun White and is a comedy-drama
I agree. Mila Kunis is one of my favorite actors. Did you see that one?
I have not, but I know it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like to Kill A Mockingbird because it is a fiction?
The Two is written by Harper Lee and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Jonathan Levine directed The Right Stuff and The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
The Wackness is in the genre Drama.
I don't have that information but it is a comedy drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, let me know if you need more recommendations.
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I sure can, he directed a lot of great movies such as The Ghost Writer and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen those?
He also wrote The Ghost Writer
2008
Do you like the series because of the author, Suzanne Collins or young-adult fiction?
Jack London wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. It is a Thriller.
That's correct. It's a good movie.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan also stars in The Expendables 2 and Monster Inc. Have you seen those?
Yes he was. James Franco also starred in The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
James Franco also starred in The Skull. It's a comedy.
I don't have that information.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a historical novel.
I am not sure about that, but it is in the English language.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cult is one of the stars in Fight Club's movies. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I know he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you familiar with either?
You're welcome.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he is in it. He was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
You got it! Denzel was in a lot of Denzel's movies. Have you seen Jurassic Park? It's one of my favorites.
He was. He was in Training Day. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He was in Volcano High.
You are welcome!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Are you a fan?
I'm not a fan of baseball either. What about you?
I agree. The Dodgers were the runner up in the 2000 World Series.
Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
I don't have that information, sorry.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it was written by Stephen J. Dubner
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of it?
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure, if you like action films, you should check out The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Do you like Fiction?
I don't know any other books by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. but he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House or Welcome to the Monkey House.
Have you seen The Republic of Love? He directed that one.
Bradley Cooper stars in that movie. Do you like Bradley Cooper?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
I don't know when it came out, but I do know that it is a Thriller.
I don't have that information but I do have information that it is a thriller.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier and The Rock. Have you seen them?
Underdog is a Drama/Comedy/Adventure Film.
Jay Leno also starred in The Shawshank Redemption which is a comedy.
I agree. They won the Super Bowl XLIII.
I'm sorry, I don't. I'm sorry.
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Cowboys play.
I like the Washington Redskins and New York Giants.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also stars Jennifer Lawrence and is a drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. If you like historical period dramas, I think you should watch it.
Do you like it because it stars Samuel L. Jackson or because it is a drama?
The Incredible Hulk is a sequel to The Incredible Hulk and also The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was released in 2015.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author Bruce Willis? He also wrote Die Hard.
The Golden Compass starring Bruce Willis is a good one
Do you like war movies because it's a war movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in a movie called X-Men Origins.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
She was also in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts also stars in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men movies?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Ryan Reynolds is a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
The Transporter is starring Louis Leterrier and Anthony Hopkins. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
He also wrote The Incredible Hulk, which is a thriller.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer stars Tom Cruise, Ben Affleck, and Liam Neeson.
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I am not sure about that, but I do know The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
I know that he wrote a book called The Story of Triumph and Forgiveness
It was released in 1856 and is a romance novel.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure. You might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream written by Gustave Flaubert.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Tom Cruise, and Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a drama?
Tom Cruise starred in Eyes Wide Shut. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It stars Bruce Willis. It's a great comedy.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great movie.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great action movie.
Great ! Enjoy
I know he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his work?
Did you know he is a composer and he is also a musician?
I don't know too much about them
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Expendables 2 and The Mechanic. Have you seen those?
Yes he was in Star Trek III was a science fiction action film
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse.
She also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance and The Hour I First Believed.
It came out in 1922.
You're welcome!
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
I do! Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I've never seen it. I'm more into Adventure movies.
Yes, and Michelle Paver also wrote White Fang.
It's one of my favorites.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Yes,It is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like him?
You are welcome.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote Lolita, have you heard of this one?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about him either. I do know he is a basketball player
Yes, he is a point guard.
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you heard of it?
i'm sorry i do not have that information
you are welcome
I think it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien, do you like this one?
He wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It is a great thriller.
You are welcome
I think their coach Jose Mourinho is great. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he is a midfielder
Jack London wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Sea of Monsters.
White Fang was also considered a fiction. Have you heard of The Sea Wolf?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman. Do you like Hilary Swank?
I didn't know that. Did you see it?
Did you see it? It's a great comedy.
Yes. Undisputed with Peter Jason was a great boxing show.
I'm glad I could help.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
Cinder was released in 2015.
I do! J.K Rowling wrote Fanstatic Beasts. Have you read it?
I know that he is a writer and he wrote The Scorpion King
Me either. Have you read any of his other books?
There's one of my favorites that I would recommend. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Divergent Series is a great read!
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
He wrote and directed Shrek 2. Have you seen that one?
I think that is a pretty good baseball baseball team. Do you like baseball?
I am a fan of the New York Mets. I am a fan of the New York Mets.
Minute Maid was released in 2010 and it is a very popular movie!
Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
It is a television series. It is a television series.
Chealsea is a great children's book. Are you a fan of children's literature?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the best teams in the world.
Oh, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation!
Yes, it was written by Sam Worthington and stars Sam Worthington and Sam Worthington. Do you like Sam Worthington?
He wrote and directed the movie King Kong. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they your favorite team?
I didn't know that. I'm a Panthers fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Yeah, he played for the Denver Broncos.
I'm sure that's great! I'm also a fan of his.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do like the Mets. Do you like the New York Met?
I'm not a huge fan of MBA but I'm more of a Mets fan myself.
I'm more into sports movies. Do you like sports movies?
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I like LeBron James. He's a good basketball player
I haven't seen his before, but I know he is a good basketball player
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and stars Seth Rogen and Tom Hanks.
Lowell Cunningham also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Batman Begins is a great movie. If you like Batman Begins, you should check out The Avengers.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I recommend Welcome to the Monkey House if you like speculative fiction.
Sure! American History X is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Lake of Fire stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Are you a fan of either?
Lake of Fire is a Crime Thriller, with a genre Crime, and Crime Thriller.
Your welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote  and .
The Flattered Flying Fish was written by Anne Hathaway in 1962
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
If you give a mouse a Cookie is in the category of Children's Literature
No, both are by the same author.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a thriller?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and World Without End.
I don't have when a stranger calls.
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit.
Charles Duhigg wrote "The Power of Habit" and "The Power of Habit"
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his acting?
Do you like the Boston Celtics because he is a professional basketball player?
Yes, he won the NBA Most Valuable Player of the year award.
I think they're a good basketball team. What do you think about them?
Chicago Bulls competed in the National Basketball Conference, in the Eastern Conference, along with the Chicago Bulls.
I am not sure about that but I do know that they will make it.
You are welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer. It's a romance novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a thriller?
Jane Austen wrote Northanger Abbey. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park! My favorite song is Whatcha Say. Have you heard of it?
Do you like Warner Bros? Warner Bros. Records have some pretty good music in them.
Andrew Stanton directed The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
It stars Andrew Stanton and has a genre of Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres also stars in WALL-E which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I do! Phil LaMarr is an amazing singer. Did you know he starred in The Miracle at Speed?
That's right! Jennifer Hale also stars in the movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and India in the Indian Premier League.
I didn't know he was a famous bowler. Did you know he is also a famous bowler?
He did. He also wrote The Hunger Game: Catching Fire.
I think he plays for the Portland Trailblazers in the NBA.
Yes he does! He's also a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't watch basketball much, but he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, The King's Speech is written by Rick Riordan and stars Tom Cruise.
Yes, that is correct. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was a great mini-series, have you seen it?
I like some of her music. My favorite song of hers is Whatcha Say. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a singer/songwriter.
I am not sure but I do know she is married to Hailey Baldwin
I think they're a good team but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
They're one of the best teams in the NFC West, but I'm more a Bears fan.
I'm glad I could help. I'm glad I could help.
I think Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. What do you think of him?
I'm not sure about that. I do know he plays for the Houston Rockets.
Yes, he does. He also won the NBA Most Valuable Player of the Year Award.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of movies she has starred in.
Then you might like The Pillars of the Earth. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tim Pigott-Smith, Tim Pigott-Smith, and Tim Pigott-Smith.
Yes. She is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith
I don't know much about the football team but I do know that Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I don't know much about football but I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl a lot
Are you a fan of the author J.K. Rowling? She wrote the whole harry potter series.
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
It's a good one! It's part of the Harry Potter series.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
He starred in Woody Allen's movies as well. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Woody Allen starred in To Rome With Love. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Spirited Away because it is a drama?
Yes, I have one called Scream of the Banshee. Have you heard of it?
I have one called "Scream of the Banshee" and "The Return of the King."
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It's a Suicides that was released in 1980. It's about the life of aristocrat Mary Boon.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like it because it is an action movie or because it is a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in a lot of action movies. Have you seen it? It's very funny!
No, This is the End, Mindy Kaling also stars in the movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Miranda was also in Gideon's Daughter.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course, I hope you like it!
I do! I love her song Till the World Ends. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I like the most Adele song, and I like The House of Mirth
Oh, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes he did. The Prestige is a thriller and The Dark Knight Rises is a thriller.
Yes he does. He also produced The Prestige and The Prestige.
The Prestige is also in the Fantasy genre, as is The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a Thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dani Alves plays for the Brazil national football team FC Barcelona and the Brazil national football team
He plays as a forward for French club, did you know Dani Alves won the Bravo Award?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are doing well this year.
I don't know much about them. Are they having a good season?
What do you think about Bridgewater?
Sure! Do you like the author Charles Dickens or the genre?
Charles Dickens is a great author. Some of his works include The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which was released in 1850.
Great Expectations is also a book written by Charles Dickens.
Great class is a memoir and was written in English.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is a great writer. She wrote The Siren and The Heiress. Have you heard of them?
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. It's also a film.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction. It was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Yes, it is action packed. Do you like action packed?
I would suggest X-Men Origins: Wolverine. He also starred in that one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Nineteen Eighty Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Teacher Man, and Teacher Man. Have you read those?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. Would you like to hear about other animals that he wrote?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago
Yes, he writes a lot of children's literature. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm not sure who wrote Fear and Loathing in the Heart of the American Dream.
Well, if you enjoyed Fear and Loathing in the Heart of the American Dream, you might like that one.
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
I don't know when it was released.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Woods is a horror/mystery movie that was released in 2015.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information about The Words.
Have you read the Lord of the Flies series?
its a drama. what else can i do for you today?
yes he is. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Raven and Other Poems and The Raven.
The Tell-Tale Heart was released in 1843.
You are welcome.
I know he plays for the Spain national football team but I don't know much about football
I don't know much about FC Barcelona but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not sure where that is. I don't really follow soccer much but if I'm not mistaken.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I also like the movie X-Men
Yes, you can find it on Netflix.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair.
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a drama and drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino has directed several movies such as Pulp Fiction and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes he was. He also starred in Reservoir Dogs. Have you seen it?
He also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Meinhof Complex. Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Ulrich Thomsen and Christian Bale
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he is a singer/songwriter. Do you like his music?
Did you know Nicki Minaj starred in The Muppets with Jordin Sparks?
Did you know he starred in a lot of movies? I've seen Super Bass.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure! It was written by David Sedaris and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It's definitely a comedy, but I think it's more of a comedy as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Youth in Revolt is a drama film
You're welcome
Great, have a great day
No problem!
Yes, do you like Blood Diamond because it is a drama?
David J. Djimon Hounsou is starring in that movie
It was released in 2003
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller.
Yes, he is starring in The Mortal Instruments
Yes, that is a famous movie. It stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
Meryl Streep recently starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy!
I don't know, but it was released in 2001.
The Looking Glass Wars was also released in 1997. The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Okay, then you'll like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, and Xenocide.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and Dan Gilroy. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Bourne Legacy is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen it?
I believe it is a drama, but Hayao Miyazaki also directed The Assassin and the Desert.
Hayao Miyazaki starred in it, and Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants and The Garden of Eden. Have you seen those?
I am not sure about that one, but I do know that it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson.
You're welcome!
Paula Hawkins wrote The Magic of Reality. Have you heard of it?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a horror novel written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Sure, one of my favorites is The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Well, it's a great book. It was written by Frank Capra and is in the genre mystery.
I'll add that for you. Enjoy!
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, he did
It is speculative fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. It is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
They have written a book called Memoirs of a Geisha
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I think he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Ocean Eleven?
Yes, and he also wrote Monsters University.
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin but he did write Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Oh, ok. I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation!
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Dr. Seuss.
There's one more that I know of, The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
That's correct! Have you read that one?
I can tell you that he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
I don't think so. But he was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web.
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks and stars Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
Liam Neeson stars in the movie Cheaper by the Dozen.
I don't know, sorry.
Yes, you should give it a try.
You're welcome!
The Terminator is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Grisham?
Isn't he a composer and actor? He starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show.
The Truman Show was released in 2003.
It was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like this author?
It is a Speculative fiction.
Me too! Maurice Sendak wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you heard of it?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I will add it to your family library!
You're welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Inland Empire is a thriller.
Idiocracy is a great movie. It stars Chris Hemsworth and Kevin Dunn.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Of course, I hope you like it!
You're welcome!
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Would you like to know more about this one?
Yes, the Great Gatsby is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome
She starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of those?
I know that he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes Serena is great female players. Venus has won a lot of a lot of trophies.
I didn't know he was a coach for the Miami Dolphins.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee.
You're welcome
I think she is a great singer and songwriter. What do you think of her?
I do, did you know she won the award for Best Original Song of the Year?
I didn't know that! She's married to Hailey Baldwin. She has a lot of other things.
Peter Gallagher is a screenwriter and a screenwriter. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Sandra Bullock starred in a lot of movies like The O.C. and When We Were Sleeping.
I don't have any more information about Peter Gallagher's other romantic comedies, but I do have other romantic comedies that you might enjoy.
You are welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of these?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland
Your welcome
I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him other than he played for the Colombia national football team.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about him other than he played on the team.
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her.
I think Serena is a good actress. She starred in the movie Hair Show.
I didn't know Michelle Pfeiffer was in it, but she did star in it. It's a thriller.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and was released in 2005. Are you a fan of her?
It was written by Greg Mortenson. Do you like his work?
I have! Alice Sebold wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Almost Moon. Have you read those?
It is a speculative fiction novel
I don't have any recommedations but I do have a couple of fiction books.
Yes. Jack London wrote White Fang
You're welcome
I think she is a good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I think Shoaib Malik plays tennis, but I don't know much about the sport either.
I didn't know that! He is a good tennis player, right?
Yes. Usain Bolt was a great running running back in the 1980's.
Are you a fan of the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the genre?
Have you seen The Dark World by Christopher Nolan? It's part of the series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm glad I could help!
I haven't seen it but I do like Mel Gibson and Melissa Benoist. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams and Troy Garity both star in The Good Doctor.
Yes he did, Elizabethtown is a great movie.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Do you like Doomsday Book because it is a science fiction?
I don't know of any current movie he directed, but I do know he also directed The Amazing Spider Man 2.
John Sayles wrote and directed The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen that?
It is a Romance and Comedy.
I think he is a great golfer, do you like golf?
I think he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I have never seen Entourage. I know it is a comedy-drama.
Truman Capote wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you read it?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he is in any similar movies, but he did star in The Incredibles and The Incredibles.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It is a self-help book.
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese. It is a self help book.
I sure do! He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Nowhere Boy is a romantic comedy.
Sure, do you like this because it's a Thriller?
Yes he did and it was released in 2012. Have you seen it?
It was a political thriller - I'm not sure about it.
I do! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Virgin Blue
It's a Young-adult fiction that was released in the 1990's
I am glad I could help. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Frank Darabont starred in The Mist. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. Did you know Chris Owen also starred in The Mist with Cherami Leigh?
I haven't seen National Lampoon, but he is a great actor.
If you like Woody Allen, you should check out The Mist. It's very good!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and Dan Gilroy. Are you a fan of his?
Matt Damon stars in Bourne Legacy
Romance Genre
Matt Damon stars in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
the bourne series is great
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is considered a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Hel Silverstein wrote A Light in the Attic, have you read that?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any similar authors.
You're welcome!
I know that he is a country singer, songwriter, and song writer. Do you like country?
Taylor Swift is a great singer, songwriter, singer, and songwriter. One of my favorites is The Lorax.
Yes, I agree.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit and Seabiscuit. Have you read those?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Oliver Stone directed The Doors. Have you seen it?
The Doors stars many great actors such as Chris Hemsworth, Michael Phelps, and Christian Bale to name a few.
Yes, The Doors is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Namesake
You should give it a try. It's a good one.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Great choice! Young-adult fiction is also a Young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about Divergent?
Yes, he plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
He is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva is a Brazilian footballer, do you like football?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a football team. Do you like football?
Yes, I am a fan of the Miami Dolphins. How about you?
Oh wow! That's a great team for the Cowboys!
Sure! Do you like Thrillers because it is a Thriller?
Anna Kendrick also stars in The Doom Generation. Have you seen that one?
Trolls is a drama, written by Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a drama.
Yes, I would recommend The Hunger Games. It's also a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other comedies that I can recommend.
You are welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Assassin and the Desert?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Do you like cricket?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Kevin O'Brien is a great player. I don't really follow cricket much.
Sure! Scott Westerfeld wrote Uglies and Ender's Game.
It is a science fiction that was released in 2013
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like football?
I have seen Cesc Fabregas play for Barcelona, but I don't know much about him.
He does! He also played for Manchester United F.C.
Louis van Gaal also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Yes, Joseph Heller wrote The System of the World.
He is a war novelist, and was born in Osborn. He also wrote a war novel.
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, I haven't, but I've heard that it's a great series
Bared to You is a young-adult fiction
It was first published in 2013
You're welcome
Yes, he is an author. He wrote The Castle.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and has a genre of Tragicomedy. Do you like this author?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're welcome!
James Robinson is a great actor. He starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Jennifer Donnelly and is a great movie.
Yes he did and he also directed Braveheart
Yes he wrote and directed Braveheart. Have you seen it?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he wrote Seven Psychopaths and The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2012.
It's a non-fiction book released in 2008.
You're welcome!
I think Washington Redskins is a good football team. Do you like football?
That's right. Did you know that he coached the Oakland Raiders?
No, he's still playing for the Denver Broncos. Do you like the Broncos?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or Crime Fiction?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
I'm not sure who wrote Snow Crash. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller starred in Tropic Thunder.
The Cable guy is starring Tom Cruise and Ben Stiller.
The Cable Guy is a comedy-dramas.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Color Purple. Do you like fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Zero to One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Robert De Niro, and Renny Harlin
I don't know.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're underrated. Do you like football?
I am not a big football fan but I do know they won Super Bowl XLI.
I like the Bears, too. I like them better when they won Super Bowl XLI.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about that, but John-Henry also directed it. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He's a great actor. He also starred in The House of Mirth. Have you seen it?
I know a little about him. Did you know he's a basketball player?
Dwyane Wade is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like sci-fi?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes also stars Gary Oldman. He also stars in Transformers and Transformers.
I don't have any examples of sci-fi. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
I don't have that information, sorry.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars starring Peter Mensah.
Yes! Eva Green is the author of the film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You as well!
I am a Dodgers, but I don't really follow baseball much. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know anything about basketball either. I do know that Magic Johnson is a basketball player.
I didn't know that! That's a great story for my life.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake.
The version was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
Sword of Shannara is a great book. It was written by John Irving.
Philippa Gregory also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like football?
I do! He's a forward for Manchester United. Do you like him?
Oh, I love the Tennessee Titans. I'm from the United States.
I couldn't agree more about that.
Yes, Patrick Suskind is an author. He wrote Vampire Academy. Have you heard of it?
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer book written by John Steinbeck.
You should check out The Grapes of Wrath. It's a great one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like the actor or the genre?
Yes, he does. He also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
Helena Mattsson also starred in Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Tom Hanks and John Carpenter. Do you like Romance films?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and stars Rufus Sewell and Mark Wahlberg.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells.
It's in the genre Science Fiction
He also wrote The Invisible Man and The Time Machine
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman
2012 is a great book. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Okay, then you will like The Infernal Device. It is also in the fantasy genre.
If you like sci fi then you should check out The Golden Compass. It's also in the genre of action.
Interstellar stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction.
Chris Weitz directed American Pie. Have you seen it?
Chris Weitz also starred in American Pie. Would you like to know more about it?
She is also in American Pie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays on the England national football team. Do you like tennis?
I've never watched a match before. I've never been a fan of tennis.
I don't know much about tennis but it does look fun to watch. I don't watch much tennis either.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you Antoine de Saint-Exupry is a French composer and a musician.
Sure, do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is an action movie?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie, have you seen The Last Stand?
Logan stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Walt Disney Movies. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed The Legend of Tarzan and The Order. Have you seen those?
I like dramas like X-Men Origins and Wolverine are some of my favorites.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
Robert De Niro and Marlon Brando also helped write the Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 2004
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist
Yes, The Dead Zone is adapted from Stephen King's The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train. Have you read it?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
All of her books are in the same genre.
I Am Legend stars Will Smith and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I, Robot stars Will Smith and Will Smith. It is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one?
I've never seen it, but I love the movie starring Kristen Stewart. Have you seen it?
If you like action and adventure films, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is a thriller and adventure film.
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like his music?
I like a lot of Justin Timberlake, do you know any about him?
I do, he's a great singer and songwriter, do you like his music?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, it was written by the great Robert Mark Kamen and stars Christian Bale. Do you like those actors or genres?
I'm sure you'd like to know more about the movie. It's a musical.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of newer films.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Jim Hemingway and stars Tom Hanks.
The Deer Hunter is a thriller
Meryl Streep is talented
Jennifer Lawrence is also in this movie
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Who do you root for?
They have a lot of reasons why they're not doing well this season but they still have plenty of talent in the industry. Who do you like?
Yes, it was written by Truman Capote and is starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
I did watch that movie. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Night. Have you seen it?
Sure. If you like Cold Mountain, you might also enjoy X-Men, X-Men 2 or World Without End.
J. K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you seen that one?
J.K. Simmons starred in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
J.K. Simmons is one of the most well known actors in the film.
Public Enemies is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
He has starred in The Rum Diary with Michael Rispoli. Have you seen it?
Great! Hope you like it!
The Fugitive is starring Bruce Willis, Tim Pigott-Smith, and Sam Elliott to name a few.
I don't have that information.
That's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
He also starred in the Star Wars Holiday Special. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about that. I do know he was in The Fugitive.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
Sure, do you like books written by J. M. Barrie?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he plays for France national football team
I think he plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel and Paul Walker.
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen that one?
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, Joh Favreau is an author. He wrote Waking Ned Devine. Have you read that?
Yes he did and Faizon Love is starring in that movie.
Yes he did. Weekend at Bernies II is a comedy-drama.
Correct! Kevin Nealon also stars in The Longest Day at Bernies.
Yes he did and he also starred in The Cabin in the Woods.
It was a very good movie. It was a really good movie
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed Show. Did you know he also wrote Freakonomics: A Space Adventure?
Sure, Family Guy is a Comedy/drama and was released in 1996
Seth MacFarlane also wrote and directed and starred in Family Guy
Skyfall is a sci-fi thriller. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
He has starred in The Proposal, The Innocent, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Quantum of Solace was produced by Roland Emmerich and is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for Adventure.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like the author Charlaine Harris?
She's a great actress. She's also a film producer and a screenwriter.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome!
Yes, David O. Russell directed The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes he was, and he is a great actor.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
I do, did you know that it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2009.
Max Brooks is a writer, a screenwriter, and a screenwriter. He wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that?
I don't have that information, sorry.
Of course! I hope you like it!
You're welcome!
Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy them.
Rufus Beck wrote Harry potter and the priusoner of Azkaban
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Golden Compass and The Dark Knight.
Do you like this because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Social Network
I do like dramas. Did you know Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network
Yes, it was written by Colin Trevorrow and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his acting?
If you like action films, you should check out The Incredibles. It's a great one!
Yes, it is a Spy film.
I know he plays for the Mexico national football team and Manchester United F.C.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Alchemista or The Alchemista?
Paulo Cohelo wrote the Alquimista
Yes he is. He also wrote The Son of Sobek which was released in 1886
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in movies such as The Truman Show and The Social Network. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays for the Germany national football team and FC Bayern Munich II
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the United States.
I like to watch American Football. I like to watch American Football. How about you?
The Redskins is a great team! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
The invention of wings is a book and a movie. It was written by William Peterson.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz and Samurai is starring Tom Cruise
I'm not sure about that. But I can tell you The Pink Panther 2 is an action movie.
Andy Garcia also starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
Andy Garcia was also in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think about them?
No, I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
No, I have not seen Jerry Maguire. I'll have to check that out.
I'm also a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. Have you seen Jerry Maguire?
He directed The Kingdom. Have you seen it?
Battleship has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
It was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012.
R.J. Palacio wrote Wonder and The Julian chapter.
Yes, that is correct
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
your welcome
Bill Murray is one of my favorite actors. He starred in What's Your Number and The Giver. Have you seen those?
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
She is an author who wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. She also wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read that one?
The Scarlet Letter is considered a Romance novel.
I'm sorry. I don't.
Have you heard of Young-adult fiction? It's in the genre of young adult fiction.
Persuasion is written by Jane Adams and released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion.
Jane Austen wrote Persuasion, Persuasion and Persuasion.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Judd Hirsch starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. Have you seen it?
Tower Heist and This Must Be the Place is a Drama/Crime film.
Tower Heist was a comedy and Julia Roberts.
I think you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
I'm sorry, I don't have any books in Russian. But, I can tell you more about her.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy genres?
Do you like him because he is an actor?
I do! It was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
I have read The Memory Keeper's Daughter. It's a good one.
She also won the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Novel.
Yes, it was written by Neal Stephenson and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Chris Evans starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score. Have you seen those?
Chris Evans also starred in What's Your Number. It's also a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the author F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes he is. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I know a little about him. He plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know he is from Switzerland.
I don't think so, but he won the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors is a great book. Do you like this author because it is a Scissors?
A Wolf at the Table is an autobiographical book released in 2014.
Yes, it is a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Jared Diamond. Do you like this author?
It is a comedy-drama.
J. R. R. Tolkien wrote this book.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take. Have you heard of it?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
Yes he does, he also starred in The Soul to Take. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire.
I am not sure about that but I do know Vittorio the Vampire is a Fantasy.
Yes, Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1999
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Golden Compass is a great children's literature that is in the fantasy genre.
Glad to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The System of the World. It is a Children's Literature book.
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, the Great Gatsby is starring F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes, he directed The Informant. Have you seen that one?
Warcraft was a great movie starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in the film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings but I do like their coach Mike Zimmer.
I think the Seattle Seahawks will be a good Super Bowl this year.
I wish the Seattle Seahawks. I am a fan of the Cowboys.
I have never watched a game live in person.
Sure! Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
Robert De Niro directed Fog City Mavericks.
He also directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I didn't know he was in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen those?
Hope you like it.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R. Tolkien
I have not seen Snow White and the Huntsman. Are you a fan of the genre?
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Are you a fan of his?
Matt Damon also starred in The Virgin Suicides. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to hear more about this author?
I haven't, but I know that the series is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Lightning Thief is in the Fantasy genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very talented actress. She starred in such films as Water for Elephants and Harsh Times. Have you seen those?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she starred in The Princess Diaries which was a comedy.
I am not sure who starred in that movie but I do know that it is a romance film.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, he also wrote The Prestige.
Of course! For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You're welcome!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, and Deadpool. Have you seen any of these?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I think he is a great Athlete and a great Athlete
I'm not sure about that, but I think he is a good businessman.
Ah, ok. I didn't know he was a spokesman.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
The Fault in Our Stars is a Young-adult fiction. Would you like to hear more about this book?
Then you might enjoy Looking for Alaska. It is a young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is written by John Green and is in the genre of young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
Sure, James Franco starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and High School Musical. Have you seen either of those?
Whatever It Takes is a Drama/Comedy/Comedy/Comedy/Comedy.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Joy Luck Club. Have you read this book?
Yes, it is a fiction book. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, it's considered a Gothic fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
Yes, he directed The Apostle. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Mark Waters directed Mark Waters. Did you know he also directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't.
You are welcome!
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander and Paint It Black. Have you read those?
I don't have that information but White Oleander is a romance novel.
Glad I could help.
Akira Kurosawa was in Yojimbo, have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Origins and World Without End.
Seven Samurai starred Keira Knightley and Takashi Shimura.
Of course! I hope you like it!
It was directed by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his?
I do! He wrote Les Miserables.
Yes it was released in 1862
Muc is a great one!
Looks like he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane is a comedy-drama starring Jack Palance
You are welcome
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
The Golden Compass is a good one. It's also considered a fantasy.
You are welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Yes he did! It's a great book!
That's right! I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation!
You're welcome!
He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics and the point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I'm not a huge basketball fan. What about you?
I like to watch basketball. I like to watch the Rockets. How about you?
No, I haven't. I'll have to check them out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by Walter Isaacson?
He also directed The Prestige. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Hellboy II is a comic book. Do you like those types of movies?
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, he also wrote Ayn Rand
It was released in 1957 and it is a great book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What else do you like?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Hustle. Have you seen it?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in that as well. It is a very popular film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a very popular actor.
I'm glad I could help!
James Patterson wrote 1st to Die and it was released in 2001. Do you like the author James Patterson?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that book.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. I think Coach Steve Kerr is one of the best players in the NBA.
I'm not sure where the team is located. I don't really follow basketball much. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do enjoy the basketball movie Space Jam.
I like football. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I think he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
Yes. He plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan was in Coyote Ugly. Have you seen it?
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you heard of it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Children's Literature and was released in 1960.
That's right! It was released in 1886.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Did you know it was also a drama?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Sure! Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
If you like the Hunger Games, you might like The Hunger Games. It stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2012.
I don't have that information but it is in English.
You're welcome!
She wrote the Children's Literature
Anna Sewell wrote a book called Black Beauty in the 1980's.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do like them. I like them too! They are my favorite team. Do you like them?
I don't think he did play any instrument. I am not sure if he did.
I don't know if it is a TV show but it is a great show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
He was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
CCH Pounder is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
Oh, Kevin Zegers also stared in The Mortal Instruments City of Bones.
Oh, I'll have to check that out. Kevin Zegers also stared in a number of movies, but he's also in that genre.
Oh, I see. Zero Effect is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great golfer, do you like golf?
Yes he does. He's a great quarterback for the Seahawks.
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Washington Redskins.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a great family adventure film. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo. Have you seen it?
It's a great family adventure film. It was released in 2015.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Matt Damon because he starred in the Bourne Identity?
That's great! Then I think you'll enjoy Unsolved mysteries.
Great! I'll add it to your list!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you should give it a try!
I'll play it for you now!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I'm not sure but I do know that he played for the San Francisco 49ers.
I'm hoping they do well this year.
Sure! Bruce Willis wrote Hudson Hawk. It is a Thriller.
Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada? It is a classic!
Robert De Niro is also in that movie. Do you like him?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is a Thriller.
Of course! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I like Gran Torino too! It's a movie starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict, Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict.
I believe Cory Hardrict starred in the movie The Day. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Are you into Children's literature?
Warbreaker is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Ender's Game is part of a series. The next book in the series is Speaker for the Dead.
Orson Scott Card is a scientist. He wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Orson Scott Card also wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
He directed The Scorpion King. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome
He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Have you seen that one?
Anthony Daniels is also a film producer and a director. He starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks also stars in the movie
No, I don't have any information about any other movies
You are welcome
I like A Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
Yes, The Black Cat is a classic.
I'm sorry I don't know much about the 19th century England.
You're welcome!
I think they are a good NFL team, what do you think about them?
Yes they weredrafted to the New York Giants. Do you like any other teams?
I didn't know that. He was drafted by the New York Giants as well.
I didn't know that. I'm not sure about that.
Watership Down is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is Speculative fiction and Children's Literature.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
They won Super Bowl XLVII. It was a great game!
I hope they did well. Their coach is Andy Reid.
Brad Pitt is a film producer and he wrote Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like historical fiction, I think you'll like Troy. It's one of my favorites.
It's a great movie. United 93 is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. Enjoy the film.
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you should check out the sequels: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
I've seen Aeon Flux but I don't know much about it. It's a great movie! It's a great movie!
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, it is a great movie. 50/50 is starring Kevin Dunn. Kevin Dunn starred in it.
Yes, he was. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it is written for the general populace, but also falls into the category of Speculative fiction.
He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots and is married to Gisele.
Well, if you like Wildcats, you should watch The Green Hornet. Have you seen it?
I agree. Couples Retreat was a great movie. I liked him in Couples Retreat. Have you seen it?
Sure! Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Volcano was a great sci-fi movie. If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men movies.
I don't know if he is in any action movies, but if you like action movies you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes he was in Dante's Peak.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about it but I do know it was written by Eric Stoltz and Eric Stoltz.
William Scott also starred in The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard
Great! William Scott starred in The Go-Getter, which is a thriller.
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Tombstone and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Walter Koeing starred in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. He also starred in Star Trek: The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home is starring Leonard Nimoy. Walter Koeing also starred in Star Trek. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome!
Great, have a good day!
The Man written by Robert Jordan is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. That's a thriller.
You are welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder on the Spain national football team.
I love American Football! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like Football?
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he won a few times for the 2008 NBA Finals.
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. Are you a fan?
Yes he did play for the Brooklyn Nets and he is a point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes he did
Yes, it is a thriller starring Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, he is a composer and lyricist. Do you like his work?
Rita Ora Ora is a composer and lyricist.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Adam Brown was in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
Adam Brown also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen that one?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Okay, enjoy!
James Harden is a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets and the Houston Rockets.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he plays for the Houston Rockets.
That's right, he's a good player.
Harrison Ford starred in Indiana Jones and the Empire Strikes Back.
He also starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read them?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure The Maze Runner is a thriller and The Scorch Trials is next in the series.
The Scortch Trails is the next in the series. The Scortch Trails is also Young Adult Fiction.
You're welcome!
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in X-Men Origins and in End of Watch.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies that he has starred in but he is a great actor.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a really good one, it is a drama and stars Meryl Streep and Elijah Wood. Do you like them?
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits. Friends with Benefits is a good one.
Annie is a drama, do you like dramas?
Quentin Tarantino is one of my favorite movies.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, he wrote Message in a Bottle and True Believer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Message in the Botte was published in 1965.
He also wrote "The Message in the Debt" and "The Tempest."
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a thriller and was released in 2007.
You are welcome!
Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Son. Have you read those?
Yes, the Crucible was also written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
Chris Bigsby also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they your favorite team?
They're not a Super Bowl but they're a good team.
They're looking for a good coach, Jim Caldwell and their coach, John Fox.
Lolita is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Pale Fire was released in 1850
I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard of him. Is he a singer/songwriter?
I'm not sure about that. I do know he is married to Justin Timberlake.
I have. Southland Tales is a great comedy.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
He also wrote The Silkworm, Parts One and Two, and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read any of those?
It's a romance novel that was made into a film that was released in 2016.
That was a great book! Did you know there's a movie version of Fear and Loating in Las Vegas that is the same genre?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Both are written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
He also wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't know much about football but he plays for France national football team.
I like James Harden too! He's a great shooting guard for my favorite team.
I've never watched it but I do enjoy reality TV. Who is your favorite?
I'm not a fan of the American TV. I prefer American TV.
I don't watch any of them but I do know that he is a good actor.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Prestige.
Enigma was released in 1999 and was directed by Christopher Nolan.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is a screenwriter. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the movie X-Men Origins and World Without End.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he is also a producer of The Recruit.
You are welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote The Salon. Have you read it?
I am not sure about that. I do know that it is fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I agree, she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in the movie Spring Breakers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Selena Gomez was in Spring Breakers.
It's a great movie. Vanessa Hudgens was in it too. She's a great singer.
Michael Parks starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Resident Evil. Have you seen those?
I am not sure about that but I do know that they won the World Series if you like baseball.
I am not a fan of baseball but I do enjoy watching the World Series. Who is your favorite player?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know that the Boston Sox is part of the National League.
I think he is a great golfer, do you like golf?
I am not sure about that. I do know he won thePGA Championship in 2012.
I didn't know Phil Mickelson won the 2010 PGA Championship and a few more PGA tours.
Sure! Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Sutherland and Kathryn Bigelow
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to know more about him?
Sure! Deceit also stars Evangeline Lilly and Chris Hemsworth.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
I know they play in the NFC West, but I don't know much about them.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow sports.
I do. I like college games. Have you ever watched college games?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm more of a fan of Manchester United, but my favorite player is Sergio Aguero. He's also on the Manchester United F.C.
I'm not a huge sports fan but I enjoy watching American Football. How about you?
I believe it was written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books written in English.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is in the genre of Science Fiction. Are you a fan of Science Fiction?
Yes it is a suspense / Thriller
It was written by James Patterson and is in the suspense genre.
You're welcome!
I know it was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Romance Film in the War genre. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Sun Also Rises? It's in the genre of Tragicomedy.
Yes! Bob Peck is a writer, director and screenwriter. He wrote Jurassic Park. Have you heard of it?
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a great horror film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a great actor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author because it's a Speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical novel.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think Saina Nehwal is a badminton player. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, and she also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes it is
If you like Romeo and Juliet, you should give it a try.
I am not sure if she is a fan of hers.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Hugh Jackman who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice was also written by her
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like country music?
I like Anna Kournikova, did you know she also starred in a movie called Desperado?
Did you know he is also a musician and a musician?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorsese.
The Aviator also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. He also starred in The Aviator.
He starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can answer for you?
Ok. Enjoy the movie!
He directed The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is in it. It's also a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you heard of these?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative fiction novel
The Historian is a drama and the genre is Thriller
Yes, I will send it to you.
Yes, he is a golfer from England.
do you like to watch any golf?
no i didnt know that. do you like any tennis players?
Football is my favorite. how about you?
i hope they do. what do you think about you?
Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I think they're a good team but I don't know much about them.
The current head coach is Georgia Dome.
Who owns the New Orleans Saints?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
I don't have any information on that, but I do know that it was released in 1958.
That was a great year for books. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
Yes, do you like Vulgar because it is a thriller?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Color Purple which is a comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Coldplay is a country rock band. Some of the actors include Selena Gomez and Justin Timberlake.
Yes Viva La Vida is with Woody Harrelson.
I don't have any idea.
You're welcome!
I like the New England Patriots. They're a good team. Do you like them?
I think so. Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
Oh, I see. I don't know anything about the Red Skins either.
Oh wow! He's one of my favorites. He's a very talented man!
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
It's a drama.
You're welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you heard of it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, The Tales of Squirrel Nutkin was also released in 1905.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men?
David Benioff also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Turbo is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Frank Miller. Do you like the author or the genre?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome!
The Incredibles is a fantasy movie. Do you like this genre?
Yes, The Incredibles is a great family friendly movie, have you seen the Incredibles?
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend other family friendly movies if you like animated animated films.
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know a lot about Cricket. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. How about you?
I don't watch NFL much. Who's your favorite team?
I like basketball. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan myself.
I'm not much of a baseball fan but I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan myself.
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Jim Uhls and Michelle Pfeiffer and is a Thriller. Do you like those actors?
I do! She's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her?
Hazel Eyes is a great song. Did you know she is also an actress and a model?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I know that she has a lot of talent in her music.
I prefer Heavy metal and rock. I like that genre too.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy-drama, and stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Another movie written by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
Rum Diary stars Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Christian Bale.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a great golfer. Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't played golf before. Do you like golf?
Serenity is starring Tom Hanks and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like this actor?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is a writer and he wrote The Lorax. Do you like his work?
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I love them! I also like Adam Levine. Do you like him?
I like their writting, but i don't know much about them anymore.
Ok, I'll add them to my playlist.
Yes, I am a fan of his. Did you know he is an actor and a musician?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he is an author and a model.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
Manchester has a lot of great football teams. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I've never heard of Mark Hughes. Is he a good player?
Sure, Shrek is starring Mike Myers. Do you like Mike Myers?
Are you a fan of David Schneider? He starred in The Mask.
Sean Connery stars in Day After Tomorrow. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books by her but I do know she also wrote Silence
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin.
He also wrote The Simpsons movie
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You as well!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a Thriller.
Rango is a Thriller/Crime Fiction. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes! Rango is an action film.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Thriller?
Ride Along has the genres comedy, comedy, and adventure. Ride along is a comedy.
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
Do you like The Tales of the Body Thief because it's historical fiction?
I agree! The Vampire Chronicles is great! The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It was released in 2009. It's a great book.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I know she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a Speculative Fiction book.
Yes, I do. Mansfield Park is a romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I have the movie Murder on the Orient Express. I love that movie!
Yes, Victor Hugo wrote The Son of Sobek. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romantic comedy and was released in 2012.
I'm sorry I don't have any more recommendations.
I don't know any of his recent songs, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, he is from Leesburg, United States.
He has signed with the United States of America and the United States of America
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
Great actor. Viva Zapata also starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen that one?
Viva Zapata is a romance and drama. It's also in the Romance genre.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes I am a basketball fan. I like the Rockets better. How about you?
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes he won that award too
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure! Luigi Pistilli wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she was. She also starred in The Notebook
You're welcome!
I'm not sure how to answer that. What kind of genres do you like?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Well, he also starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Transporter.
Ok. I will send it to you.
I apologize I don't have any information on Gabourey Sidibe.
The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
yes X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one and so is The Prestige.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good adventure movie.
Stark & Hutch is a blockbuster.
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M. Montgomery wrote The Mammoth Hunter and The Blue Castle. Have you read those?
The Blue Castle came out in 2003.
The Golden Compass was also released that year. Have you heard of it?
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen it?
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Mask. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Yes, he did. He also directed and starred in The Mist.
Have you seen The Green Mile or The Mists of Avalon? They are both horrors.
I hope you enjoy it!
David Guetta is a composer and lyricist. do you like his work?
I do like his music. Did you know he is also a musician and a model?
I like a lot of people like Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Liam Neeson to name a few. Do you know any of his songs?
Micheal Jackson is a great singer and songwriter. I like his song When You Reach Me.
The Interview is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any more information on that, but I can tell you it is a drama and action film.
i hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy?
Knocked Up came out in 2012.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I do know he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes they were the runner ups to the 1976 Cup Final
I do like American Football. How about you?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs other than he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer/songwriter. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure but it is a romance film
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sue Monk was an American writer, poet, and screenwriter. He wrote The Mysterious Island and The Big Year.
He is a great author, one of my favorite authors is Emile Zola.
Yes, he is from the US.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna. Have you seen any of these?
It's a Historical novel.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and has genre Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I think she is a great singer and actress. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock.
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne is a comedy-drama. Have you seen it?
Tommy Chong also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is a Mystery and also Speculative fiction.
Of course! Trunk Music is a thriller and was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Quantum of Solace is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Skyfall is a Thriller
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great! Enjoy!
I am not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLI.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, the Steelers won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not a huge fan of thrillers but I do like Shark Night. Shark Night is a thriller.
I have not seen Unfinished Business. I will have to check it out.
I do like the hip hop genre. I am a fan of that genre.
I like rock. I'm a huge fan of the rock genre. I'm more of a rock fan.
That's a good year for Zipper. I recommend it.
Yes, it was written by John Green.
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
I know that he is a scientist and a recurring writer on TRON Legacy. Do you like science fiction?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One.
I like Working Girl too!
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that. I think Angela's Ashes is a football team.
I didn't know that! Did you know that Angela's Ashes is from Los Angeles?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in Tatum. Would you like to see that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information
Your welcome.
Yes, that is a great book. It was written by Wizard of Oz and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I agree. She has a great voice. She has a lot of talent in the music industry.
Yes, that was a great show. Did you know Sam & Cat is also an animated film?
I agree. I wonder if she does a great job on the Disney show.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm glad I could help.
The Hobbit was released in 2001.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. Have you seen the movie Dreamcatcher?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're right, I'm glad I could help.
James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazil national football team as a midfielder for the Brazil national football team.
Not really, I am more of a fan of the New England Patriots.
He plays the Midfielder position.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
Harold Ramis wrote and directed The 13th Warrior. Have you seen that?
Harold Ramis starred in it as well. It is a comedy.
It is. Harold Ramis also directed and starred in The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
She starred in Kill Bill and Kill Bill. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, I will do that!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a speculative fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
W.W. Denslow also wrote "The Golden Compass" and "The Golden Compass".
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of her but I do like the song You Love Me. Have you heard it?
No, I haven't heard it, but I do enjoy Electronic Dance music. Do you like Electronic Dance music?
That's awesome! She's from Southern California, and I love her music.
He also wrote Truman Capote's In Cold Blood. Have you read it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Sean Connery and Danny DeVito.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Robert De Niro and Jack Nicholson.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an entrepreneur and starred in movies like X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Sure! SteveJobs is an amazing actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones. Have you seen that?
It is a drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he has made.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He wrote The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Wiz. Have you read those?
I am not sure but I can tell you The Ugly Truth is a biography
It was released in 2004
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I know a little about basketball, but I don't know much about basketball either.
Wow! I didn't know that. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do like the Mets. Do you like the New York Met?
Do you like baseball? The Mets have a good season.
I like the Denver Broncos. What about you?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I don't follow soccer much, but I think he's from Guadalajara.
I'm not a fan of hers, but I'm more of a fan of hers.
Stephen Sommers directed Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen those?
The Mummy Returns is a fantasy thriller. Do you like this genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for movies similar to The Mummy. It's also in the Fantasy genre.
It's a very good movie, and I think you will enjoy it!
Glad to be of assistance!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen any of his other movies, or do you like Indie?
Great choice! The Indy category is also starring Shirley Henderson. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was released in 2011. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like action movies, you should check out The Last Samurai. It's a great movie.
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Revenge of the Fallen, and Franny and Zooey.
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of young adult fiction either.
I'm not sure about that, but it is part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of books in series.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
It's a Historical novel.
I can recommend The Bell Tolls. It is also classified as a biography.
You're welcome.
I like the New England Patriots, but I don't know much about them anymore.
I'm not a big football fan. I think they will play the Super Bowl this year.
I'm sorry, I don't know that one. I'm sorry.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also directed The Town.
The Town is starring Rachel Blake
Eli Craig directed The Town.
Great. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great sci-fi movie.
I am not sure about that but I do know it was directed by Oscar Wilde and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I don't have any suggestions about movies he directed but I do know he also directed War of the Worlds
I think Katy Perry is a great singer, songwriter and songwriter.
I didn't know that! That's a great movie. Did you see it?
I do like Russel Brand. He is a great actor.
We're the Millers is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Quentin Tarantino?
No, I haven't seen that movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I agree! Did you know that he also starred in The Mask of Zorro?
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Meryl Streep and Meryl Streep. Do you like her?
Merryl Streep also starred in The Shawshank Redemption which is a comedy drama.
I do recommend it. It is a great movie.
You're welcome
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a X-Men movie. X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Station Agent is also in the X-Men series
The main lead in The Wolverine is Jennifer Lawrence.
You are welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes. Thomas E. Connolly also wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was a writer and a film producer. He was a producer and a producer.
You're welcome!
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Rum Diary. It is a great children's movie.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper.
Robin Hobb wrote The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read those?
Sure Ship of Magic was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
You are welcome!
Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. If you like historical novels you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read it?
The Assassin's Blade is similar. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that?
Correct. Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Zero Dark Thirty. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Do you like football?
Shakira is from Columbia. She plays midfielder and forward.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You are welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I am not a sports fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they play in the NFL.
Paul Pogba is a Midfielder and Forward. Are you a fan of either?
I like to watch American Football. I like to watch American Football. How about you?
I didn't know he was a coach but I think he is a good assistant.
Are you looking for more books written by Stephen Covey or self-help books?
He also wrote The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile
That's the only book I know by him released in 1989.
what else can i do for you
Pacific Rim is a great golfer. Are you a fan of his?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a great family movie do you like family movies?
Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because it is an adventure movie?
Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because he is an excellent actor?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by Jonathan Nolan.
He also directed The Curse of the Black Pearl. Have you seen that one?
Prefontaine is a great movie! I highly recommend Prefontaine, it is a great movie.
Well, if you like historical period dramas, you should check out The Longest Yard. It's a good one!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Lauren Oliver wrote I Know Why. Have you heard of it?
Vanishing Girls is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Glad to help. Enjoy!
I do, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
Did you know that he also plays the Tambourine?
Yes, he is a very talented person.
Kyrie Irving plays for Chicago Bulls and the NBA.
That's interesting. Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award?
He was born in New York in the United States.
The Island was written by Roberto Orci and stars Tom Everett and Robert Downey Jr.
I'm sorry, I don't have any sci fi recommendations.
Well, it's a good movie. It stars Moby Dick. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
I like him in the action film Bale. Are you a fan of action films?
That's a great film. I think he also starred in The Assassination of Jesse
Batman was also in "The Prestige" and "The Dark Knight."
You're welcome
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure about that but I do know it is a fantasy novel
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C.
I know a little about the american football team. I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like football?
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Sean Barrett wrote The Wide Window and The Wide Window. Have you heard of them?
Yes it is in English.
Yes, it was.
Haaa
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are owned by Leslie Alexander
I like basketball but I'm not a basketball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about them anymore. Are they a good basketball team?
Voltaire wrote Candide, Where Men Win Glory: The Odyssey of Pat Tillman.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a musical theater.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that genre.
You're welcome!
Certainly! It was written by A.A. Milne and is a great children's book. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson and The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a soccer player for Liverpool.
Thats cool. Did you know that Will Ferrell is also on Goodson Park?
They are coached by Jose Mourinho and Jose Mourinho. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer much. Are you a fan?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I enjoy watching the Superbowl games.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in The Mists of Avalon
Of course! Enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like football?
Marina is a young-adult fiction.
yes, he also wrote The Last Man
it is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem.
I am not a baseball fan but I think the Mets are doing well this season.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they're in the National League as well!
No, I don't. I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I've heard Marcus Mariota plays for the Seattle Seahawks but I'm not a huge football fan.
I like a lot of the New York Giants. Do you like the New York Giants?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It is a Memoir
I do! She wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read it?
Trace and Trace are a couple of my favorites, but I don't have that information.
Gone, Baby, Gone is also in the Speculative Genre.
Yes, he is, and he also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is a thriller.
Sure! Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles because it's in the genre of Thriller?
Thomas Hardy also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, which was released in 1891
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891
Yes, Jamel Debbouze starred in What's Up, Doc. Have you seen it?
Jennifer Lawrence is also in She Hate Me. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that she starred in The Visitor. Have you seen that?
I don't think so, but it is in French.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I haven't. What country do you like?
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. I love all of his music. I think he's from Northern Ireland.
Sure! If you like sci-fi, you might like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Last Man.
It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Okay, enjoy!
District 9 is a Sci-fi starring District 9 and District 9 is a Sci-fi. Do you like Sci-fi?
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
The Neon Demon stars Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! She sings a thousand years, one of my favorite songs.
Yes, that's true. Did you know that he's from New York?
I like both of them. I think Journey is my favorite.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you heard of those?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know any basketball players like him but I do know he is a professional basketball player.
Yes, it is a great book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but he also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
He wrote II Principe in Spanish
Would you like me to add it to your read list?
oh ok
Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Seth Rogen and Tim Pigott-Smith.
I'm not sure, but Breanda Chapman wrote Up as well.
It is a drama
I recommend Family Movies starring Craig Ferguson
You're welcome
Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
The Golden State Warriors was the runner up
I don't know much about Hardaway but I do know that he was a professional basketball player
I do know Renaldo Balkman is a better player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
That's a great movie! It was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and starring Jim Uhls. Do you like Jim Uhls?
It is a thriller, do you like those kinds of movies?
David Fincher produced this movie.
I'm not a big football fan but I think they are doing well this season. Do you like football?
I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan myself. What about you?
I didn't know Randy Lerner is a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yeah, they're in the NFC west in the NW.
Jay Rubin wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
He also wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I am not sure but he also wrote The Mechanic
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. Would you like to hear more about this author?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome!
Sure! Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Predators is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen this one?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
Insurgent was written by Veronica Cartwright and stars Christian Bale.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart is written by Billie Lettis and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
He also wrote The Son of Sobek
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in The Lorax and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
It is! It also stars Sex and the City, which is a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
William Hurt also starred in Too Big to Fail, which is a comedy.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts and Thir13en Ghosts.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Have you seen that?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is science fiction. Have you seen it?
The Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, it is. It stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I like soccer and football. I'm more of a American Football fan myself.
I like the New York Giants. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about them but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan, but I don't know much about the Seahawks.
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction novel written by Steven Cummings. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Outlander is a great Sci-Fi book written by Gabaldon and is a great Sci-fi action story.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other Sci-Fi books listed.
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know it was written by Harper Lee
That's a great book. Did you know it was written by Harper Lee?
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
I think it is a German football club based in Munich, Germany. Do you like soccer?
Well, I don't know much about football, but I do know that he's a great player on the German national football team.
He's a great tennis player. He played for Manchester United F.C..
Sure, One for the Money is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
The Princess Diaries is written by Meryl Streep
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Yes, it was a series and the Twilight series is in the series.
You are welcome
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Kristen Stewart and Tim Bagley. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, she also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Enjoy the movie!
Sure. Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
She has a television show called The Women of Brewster Place. Have you heard of it?
She has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
Ron Howard starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Ron Howard starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Well, he's not only starred in that one, but he directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that one?
Yeah, he did. He's also a writer and a screenwriter.
Do you like Mr & Mrs. Smith because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Have you seen Mr & Mrs. Smith? It's one of my favorites.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did. The Box is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a Thriller.
If you like Fantasy, you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is also in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
The Throne of Glass is a book similar to The Assassin and the Desert.
The Throne of Fire and Queen of Shadows are thrillers.
I'll have to pick it up. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Gothika is a thriller that was released in 2014.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice
It is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. She also starred in The Green Hornet.
She starred in The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve is a comedy.
You're welcome!
I have not read the book, but I know it was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction.
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
It's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
It was released in 2014.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a science fiction.
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell and was released in 2013.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories is a Romance and Landline
You're welcome
Yes, he is a writer and a screenwriter. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. He also directed and starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
I also like the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I like both Venus and Serena and Venus. I like both Venus and Serena.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in the watchmen are Vanessa Redgrave and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, it is a comedy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like Science Fiction, you might also like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that one?
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, it's part of the Sweet Far Thing series. I'm not sure about that.
I would recommend The Golden Compass, it is a great read.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier. Do you like Daphne du Maurier?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are they your favorite team?
Case Keenum was a former American footballer who plays as a defensive back for the Denver Broncos.
I'm not sure about the current coach, but the Bengals are a good team.
I enjoy basketball. I'm a huge fan of the New York Jets.
He's a great basketball player. I've heard he's a good player.
Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know, but Andrés is a player on the Spain national football team.
Yes, and it is in the home stadium at the Renaissance Arena.
Sure! Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote A Wind in the Door. Have you read it?
It is a Science Fiction book that is the next in the series is A Wind in the Door.
Great. You should give A Wind in the Door a try.
Yes he wrote Z for Zachariah. I hope you enjoy it!
I've never heard of him. Is he a singer/songwriter?
I like the song he does. Did you know he is from Las Vegas?
No, I haven't. What is the most popular song of his?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I know he is a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a great quarterback
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in the United States.
Do you like Woody Harrelson because he is a great actor?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else you would like to know about him?
Zulu is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre Young-adult fiction
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he has written a lot of books.
No, I haven't heard of that one. It's a great book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Emma is a young-adult fiction book written by Emily Bronte and released in 1850
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensation and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I don't have that information but it is a romance novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Tilda Swinton starred in Michael Clayton which is a mystery. Have you seen it?
Michael Clayton stars Tilda Swinton and was released in 2015. It is a mystery movie.
I'll do that right now. Enjoy!
