Sure, do you like action movies or just drama in general?
It's a great movie, but if you're interested in more of a thriller, The Witch of Blackbird Pond, The Incredibles and The Emperor of Dune.
Death Wish is a drama and crime movie. It was released in 2011.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard was released in 1999 and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She's a cartoonist. Do you like her? She's written The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
It was released in 2011 and is a cartoonist. Do you like her?
You're very welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary. That's a great movie.
She's been in so many great films. Two of my favorite are There's Something About Mary and Titanic. Have you seen them?
No. I don't have that information. However, she starred in There's Something About Mary and she also starred in It's Something About Mary.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
no idea. anything else i can answer for you?
no, The Moon and More is a biographical novel by Sarah Dessen.
you are welcome have a great day.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
It's considered a crime and suspense movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Viggo Mortensen, Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians, and is a midfielder.
I don't know any on the team, but I do know he is from India. Do you have any information about him?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin was written by Mike Newell and was released in 2011.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I think he is a pretty good basketball player but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
No, I don't know him. What sport does Curry play for?
Mine too. My favorite sport is the Lakers. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh wow. He's a very good player. I'm not sure if he's on that team, but it's funny how he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz.
I'm more of a tennis fan. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What sport do you like?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Do you like black films?
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2003.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula and Downfall.
You might enjoy Gone Baby Gone or Waiting Room. Do you like Romance films?
You're very welcome!
The Game is a thriller and stars Spike Jonze. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge is a great thriller. One of my favorite thrillers is Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do, enjoy!
You're welcome.
The Mcg directed This Means War, which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and Martin Scorsese.
Renee Zellweger and Annabelle Wallis starred in this movie.
Ok, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a Horror film and it was released in 2006.
You're welcome
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, goodbye.
William Directed The Hunted, The Collected Poems, and The Hunt for Red October.
The Hunted is a Romantic Comedy and The French Connection is a Romance film. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and is a horror film directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is similar to it.
The Painted Veil, The Time Traveler's Wife, The Painted Veil are some of my favorites.
It was written by Rhonda Byrne. Are you familiar with her?
The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in more by her?
She's the author of The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is also a young-adult fiction book.
Of course! Hope you enjoy the book!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven starred David Koepp and David Koepp. It is a science fiction film.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Road to El Dorado, which is a crime fiction film.
I haven't seen them yet, but I've heard they're good.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you read any of these books?
Yes, he starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and the Mockingjay.
She is good, enjoy!
Madonna is a super talented singer. She starred in We Rode in Trucks and Who's That Girl.
I'm not a big fan of his, but I do know she starred in the TV series, The Justinie Trilogy.
I don't see that information, but I can tell you that Guy Ritchie starred in Someone Like You, which is a comedy film.
I'm not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes he did play for Chennai Super Kings. I think he is also a model.
No problem. I am glad to help.
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Ex?
has genre Young-adult fiction. what else can i answer today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written what else can i answer for you today?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them. What can you tell me about them?
No, I am not. What about the Dodgers do you like?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen.
It also stars Al Pacino and Marcia DeBonis.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
You're welcome
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 is starring Liam Neeson. He also starred in Taken 2 and it is a crime fiction. Do you enjoy those kinds of movies?
Correct! Liam Neeson is in Taken. He's also in Taken 2 and 3 which stars Liam Neeson.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I am not a big football fan but I do know that they are having a good season this year. Who do you root for?
I think it's okay. It's not overrated, but it looks like they have been having a good season this year.
Agreed. Aaron Rodgers was a great player too.
Well, Iron Man was written by Robert Downey Jr. and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like the genre or the actors?
He starred in the movie The Godfather. Did you know that he wrote it?
He starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping, and The Phantom of the Opera. Have you seen any of those?
George Clooney is one of the writers for The O.C. Young. He also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Sure. Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Trunk Music is written by David Koepp. It's a post apocalyptic.
The Lady in the Lake was a good one. I'm not sure of any other books by that author, but Odd Thomas is a similar book.
The Man in the High Castle, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate might interest you.
Have you read The Man in the High Castle?
You're welcome
I think she's a great tennis player but I don't know much about her. Do you?
I haven't heard of that one, what genre do you like?
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that David Guetta is from Brazil. What's your favorite genre?
Of course, I am unsure of the author or genre, but I am not sure of the author or genre, but I can tell you that it is a drama and a romance film.
That's right. It was written in English.
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another one you might like.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up and Knocked Up. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was produced by Jodi Picoult, Temuera Morrison, and Ray Winstone
Yes he did, he starred in that movie as well.
Not sure, but he did write Year One, which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure, it's a vacation and it has a theme park mad after it, and its busy!
He wrote Year One, which is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Brendon Urie : Program creator: Upright Citizens Brigade. Upright Citizens Brigade has genre Drama. what else can i answer for you?
At the Disco is a songwriter too, he is also a musician
Yes he is very talented, he also has a band called The Disco.
Have you heard of X-Men 2?
I love that movie. I remember that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary
I agree. Did you know Matt Dillion also starred in Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
All I really know is that it was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
George Orwell also wrote Carry On, Mr. and Mrs. Bowditch. Do you like this genre?
Then I would recommend watching Animal Farm. It's a great Speculative fiction.
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I believe it was released in 1953
Its a drama
Your welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is starring Xander Berkeley or because it is a Thriller?
Of course! Oldboy is a mystery/thriller film, but also is in the genre of Thriller, Suspects.
Lady Vengeance starred in No Strings Attached, She's also in the Thriller film, Lady Vengeance.
She's a great actress. Her most recent movie is No Country for Oldboy.
You're welcome!
I recommend The Ice Storm starring Tana French.
He's the director of The Ice Storm, The Skulls, and The Historian. He starred in any of those as well.
He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, Annie Hall, a biographical film from the 80's.
She's a good actress! She was born in Manhattan, Tsa Gabor. She is also a producer and a director.
It's a Touch of Evil, which was released in 1999 and is a mystery
Jurassic Park is written by David Koepp. Its a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Yes there was! Jurassic Park III is a sequel to Jurassic Park III.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World.
He is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't follow golf too closely, but I know he is from the United States of America.
I love Adam Sandler, he is a great actor. Do you know who it is?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
I found The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit and The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller, and he also directed Scream 4.
Great! I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like them?
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, or Zombieland.
I think you might like Zombieland if you like X-Men movies.
Of course! Bob Peck has starred in Jurrasic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, and Jurassic Park.
Surviving Picasso is a German nationality of the United States. Surviving Picasso was born in 1929.
Sure. She's a great writer. She wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was released in 1970.
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yeah, he was in that movie as well. Have you seen him in that one?
He was in that one with Keanu Reeves. It was a funny one.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
You might enjoy Hudson Hawk. It is a comedy written by Roderick Thorp and stars Edward Norton.
Yes he did! He also directed Die Hard with a Vengeance with a Vengeance.
That's a great one as well as A Christmas Carol?
Alien is a series of movies. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it before?
Zookeeper and Zookeeper are two of my favorites. I recommend them.
Bats was released in 2005. It's a vampire movie. Do you like vampire movies?
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
The Invisible Man is a great sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Will do! Enjoy them!
Absolutely! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men was written by David Fincher. Is he a good actor?
Eric Garcia is also a screenwriter as well.
Brett Helquist is an author and wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope and The Reptile Room.
The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is a novel which was released in 1973
Its a personal favorite of mine. He's also a writer and a politician
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, and he is also a musician and a model.
I have not, but I know it was written by Justin Timberlake and I highly recommend it.
Ok I will send you a link to you.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
It's a drama. I think you may really like To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate or The Devil's Advocate.
It's a good film. It's a war film. It's starring Ron Rifkin and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Glad to help. Anything else I can help with?
I think he is one of the best player in Barcelona! He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
No, I'm not a huge football fan. Are there any other sports you enjoy?
Yeah, I'm sure that he's a good coach. I'm not sure if he's a good coach but I'm sure he also has a spirit.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by David Scheider. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne has also written The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Fellowship of the Ring and The Return of the King
I'm a Chiefs fan, but I think the Chiefs are doing well this season. Who do you root for?
Warpaint's color is blue. I've seen that one, but I don't think they've acted in a film, too.
Well, I believe they are in the AFC West. I'm not sure if they're in luck, but they're in the AFC West.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Eoin Colfer.
Yes it was released that year, The Lady Elizabeth was written by Jane Austen
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Then I'll have to check him out, I'd like to hear some of his music.
I'm afraid I don't know of any others, but I do know he's from the United States of America.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is an athlete, a professional basketball player as well as a musician and a musician.
I don't know of any games coming up but I know they are part of the NBA.
That was a pretty good game! Who's your favorite player? I'm not sure about that.
Christopher Nolan wrote the Dark Knight and he also directed The Dark Knight Rises if you like superhero movies.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world!
Yes, it is written in English.
Ok, рестуление и накаание was written by Maurice Sendak.
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a series of books in the series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I think you might enjoy The Pillars of Creation, The Sea of Monsters, or The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a soccer player for Dortmund. He plays the forward position. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player from Germany. His position is Midfielder and forward.
Yuvraj Singh also played for the Mumbai Indians. He is a former world No. 1 in singles.
It's a great movie! It's a romance with a little bit of drama. Do you like those genres?
I have A Corn of Thorns and Roses, actually. Are you interested in books about the same genre? Or would you prefer another book by the same author, George R.R. Martin?
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
I would also recommend The Assassin's Blade 2 written by Sarah J. Maas.
You're very welcome!
James Cameron directed True Lies as well as Avatar
That's right. It's a Romance and Historical period drama.
I am not sure when it came out but I think it starred Leonardo DiCaprio in The Aviator and Avatar
You are welcome
Madame Bovary is a great romance novel. Is that your favorite genre you are looking for?
You might also enjoy Voyager or The Secret Life of Bees, you might like those.
Yes, it is. It's similar to The Time Traveler's Wife. If you want to read the Voyager.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus better than Venus and her sister Serena better. Do you like Serena?
I actually don't know much about her, but I know Martina Nava was from Russia.
That's interesting to know she's born in Salinas CA.
She is a professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's awesome. Did you know she starred in a movie called Women in Love?
It's amazing! What's your favorite sport?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. It is a speculative fiction novel. what else can i do for you?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, similar novels are; Wide Sargasso Sea and Serena Williams
She wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penultimate Peril. All great books!
The Handmaid Tale is a speculative fiction novel. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It really is! It was written by Margaret Atwood, I think you'll enjoy it!
I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
The move Carlos is starring Rosemary Wells and Brad Pitt. Does this sound interesting to you?
Sorry, I don't have the information when it was released.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author
Tahereh Mafi is a great author. Some of his books are The Assassin's Blade and The Dark Knight. Have you read those?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
It was released in 2014. It's a great historical fiction novel.
The Shadow of the Giant and Shadow are two great fantasy novels.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was published in 2011. It is also a film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Finding Neverland.
Machine Gun Preacher is a Romance and Historical period drama.
Liam Neeson is the main character. Do you like him?
It was released in 1997 and is a drama.
Sure.
You're welcome
Hes great he wrote a Speperate Peace great book
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Duns is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Happy to help
The Waves is a good one. Have you read it?
Ok. Jane Austen is a notable author. She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it's a great example of a historical period drama.
It is a great book. Jane Austen is a great author.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, I can recommend The Giver, The Handmaid's Tale and The Giver.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it was a thriller?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he is a songwriter and a musician.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because of the author, J.K. Rowling, or because of the fantasy genre, the movie?
Certainly. Another fantasy movie you might like is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Mindy Kaling has written a lot of books. Her most famous would be The Office of the World. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1999 and Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling. It is a comedy-drama.
I believe it's crime fiction, but Mindy Kaling is also a voice actor and a comedian.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина. It was released in 1867. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's a great book!
The main character in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman, another great movie.
He is a soccer player from the UK. He plays the forward position.
You know, Wayne Rooney also plays for the Manchester United F.C. team. I don't know much about him.
Yes he is. I don't know much about the other players. I know he won the Premier League though.
I've seen it but I don't know too much about Hurt Locker, do you know who starred in it?
I am not sure but, I can tell you he is in the English Patient. Have you seen it?
I liked Juliette Birth in The Black Dahlia, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
That is a great children's book. Did you know she also wrote The One Minute Manager?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2011. It's considered speculative fiction and science fiction.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2.
Are you referring to Johnny Depp who starred in Wonderland, did you know he also starred in Mirror Mirror?
The Rum Diary was directed by Frank Beddor if you haven't seen this one.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Well, I'm sorry I'm not sure.
I know they are coached by David Platt and David Platt. Do you like them?
David Platt and David Platt are on the current roster. Are you a football fan?
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate. Are you interested in any of these?
I heard The Last Lecture is another great read. I think you will like it.
Vanishing Girls is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
David Silverman wrote The Simpsons movie. Did you know it was released in 1999?
That's right. He's a pretty good writer. He wrote a lot of TV shows but he's also a screenwriter as well.
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
He is a cricket player and plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Are you a cricket fan?
I am not a huge fan of the sport. But I do know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like either team?
He is definitely an author and plays cricket as well.
Yes, it is a great movie! Do you like it because of the genre or the actors?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor with Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do, The Death Cure is one of the great Young-adult fiction books by James Dashner.
It is written by Rick Riordan.
I'll have to check it out.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and was released in 2002. Do you like her?
I don't really know anything about Nanny Diaries, but I can recommend Zoe's Tale, X-Men Origins: Wolves of the Calla, and The Historian. Those are all really good.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of hers?
I'm unsure if he starred in a TV show but I can tell you that he starred in Truman Capote.
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but Daniel Radcliffe also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Order of the Phoenix.
Yes! He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino have starred in Grindhouse, Death Proof, Pulp Fiction, and Pulp Fiction. Would you like more information about any of these movies?
Sure, another one you might like is Grindhouse, which is written by Robert Rodriguez and also a Zombie Film.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It was released in 1994.
Great, enjoy the movie!
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Insurgent.
I'm not sure what else he has directed, but he did star in the film The Fault in Our Stars.
Emma Watson and Rupert Everett to name a few. The Dirty Dozen was written by John Carpenter.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill.
Great, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you enjoy those?
I don't know much about Venus but I know she is friends with Serena Williams and Serena Williams.
Serena is really good, but she lost Venus better and her sister Serena better.
I didn't know that, that is too much about her. What sport do you like?
I don't know too much about him, I know he is from the Colombia national football team and plays midfielder. Do you like his position?
I don't think that he is a captain but I believe he is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
I do like American Football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, it is a great movie.
It is a comedy and the sequel is Home Alone 2 and its written by Terry Gilliam. You might like it if you like comedy.
The Breakfast Club was released in 1995
You are welcome
I do! He is a very talented singer. Do you lik his music?
I didn't realize that. I think he's married to Jordin Sparks, but he dated Jordin Sparks.
I haven't heard of that one. Is it a old song?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also starred in The Shining. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome!
Are you looking for other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a fantasy?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking-Glass, Through the Looking Glass, and The Lost Hero.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a writer and a film producer.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Cool. He starred in Radivoje Bukvic. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. If you like thrillers, I hope you'll enjoy it.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
It's a crime drama. I think you might like it.
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a book written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey to the center of the earth is a good one. Anything else I can help you with?
Journey to the center of the earth is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians, is that right?
Yes, he still plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is also from Nagpur.
I recommend Island and The Doors of Perception if you liked that.
The Doors of Perception was published in 1998 and the next in the series is called The Perception.
Yes, he got the band's name. I'm not sure of the name, but I do know he wrote the book.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote Insomnia and Insomniassibility.
The film genre is Thriller and Drama. I think it was released in 2006.
That movie is called Without Remorse, it is a thriller and was released in 2010.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Klloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you the actors or the genre or the actors?
Drama Genre
Steven Millhauser starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it was written by Steve Kloves or because it is a Fantasy?
The Help is starring Tate Donovan. Did you like it because it was a Romantic comedy?
Yes, it is. Did you know that The Rocker was written by John Carpenter?
Yes! He was in The Croods. Do you like animation films?
She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets! Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it yet, but I know she starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Grisham, do you enjoy thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Client is a movie by John Grisham, have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
He is a football player, right? I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't but it looks like he is a midfielder and forward
Soccer and football as a sport I follow more. What sport do you like?
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
Yes it would be a good sport, do you like any other sports besides soccer?
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
Yeah, he is a good coach. I don't follow soccer much. Are you a soccer fan?
I'm not sure about that, but I think they are a good team.
Do you like Time Traveler's Wife because of the genre Young-Adult fiction?
It is a mystery, similar to True Crime and The Terminator.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Zoombies is written by Jane Austen.
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner?
It's a fiction and adventure. Do you like those kinds of books?
No problem. I am glad to help.
Yes, that was the one. Did you know she was also a singer?
No, I did not know that, but I think I'll watch it again, what a great video!
Oh, yea, I see. I'm more of a fan of pop music. What about you?
He directed both "The Godfather" and "The Civil War."
The Others starred Alejandro Amenábar, Ulrich Mühe, and Anthony Hopkins.
You're welcome!
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
I'm sorry but I don't have much information on that book. I know that it was released in 1856.
Yes, another great romance novel is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He's a great author! He wrote The Return of the Native and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way. Would you like to hear more?
It's a romance novel. If you're interested in something else, he also wrote The Return of the Native.
It's a romance novel. It's similar to The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Ok, if you like that genre, you might also enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too! He wrote The Sum of All Fears which was released in 2001.
Yes, he wrote Lord Jim and Heart of Darkness
It's a spy fiction novel. It's similar to The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
I am not sure about that. Nostromo was released in 1904.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I'm not sure if there is anything outside of that genre, but there's Without Fail by McCarthy that one.
Sean Connery is the author of the book.
It was released in 1988.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like fiction books?
He wrote Jane Eyre and Into the Wild. He also wrote Jane Eyre.
I'm not sure if Jane Eyre was influenced by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai, who won the Nobel Peace Prize.
I don't see anything else by Paulo Coelho. But, I can tell you that he wrote The Alchemist.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a war novel and Maktub is a historical fiction.
I'm not sure but I can tell you he is a teacher.
I only know that he is playing for the Boston Red Sox.
I like sports. Isn't he a good player? I don't like to watch sports though.
Yes, I agree. I think Lakers would be a great player as well.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this book?
I've added that for you. I hope you enjoy the book.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel. Do you like her books?
She has also written Little Altars Everywhere, have you read it?
Ok, Enjoy.
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, and many others. Would you like to hear more?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
The Assassin's Blade was released 2012 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome
Glad to help
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi starring Matt Reeves and Jeff Bridges.
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is an action film.
You are welcome.
Yes. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller genre?
Gremlins has some great Dramas as well as Act of Valor have you seen them?
You are welcome have a great day.
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
I believe that is both a Psychological Thriller and a comedy.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but the film was based on a book by Roald Dahl.
Do you like war or historical movies?
He has also written Thirteen Moons, The Cold Mountain and The Longest Ride.
It's a young-adult fiction by Charles Frazier. Does that interest you?
You're welcome!
They are a pretty good team, I really don't know much about them. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie Fireboys, which is a thriller. Do you like any other genres?
Zach Galifianakis was in the Olympics, have you seen it?
Bruce Almighty was produced by and starred Jim Carrey. Are you a Jim Carrey fan?
It was released in 2002 and starred Steve Carell, who is one of my favorites.
I'm not sure about that, but he did write and directed it. He's a great actor.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, it was released in 2002 and starred Kristen Stewart and Dax Shepherd.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The People I've Got Mail.
Magnolia is a drama film and it was released in 1997
You're welcome.
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994. He also wrote Grindhouse which is a crime fiction.
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner, The Rum Diary, and The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly.
Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on New York.
Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey, she also starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980s called The Princess and the Frog.
Sure ! You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Inception because it is a Sci-Fi or Thriller?
Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight.
He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. George Lucas also directed it.
Indiana Jones starred in the movie Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. Are you a George Lucas fan?
Indiana Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Star Wars Film, the original.
Some similar books are Salt to the Sea and Life After Life
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure but it was influenced by Paula McLain.
I'm not sure but it was influenced by Paula McLain
You're welcome!
Sure, she starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
She starred in No Strings Attached . She's also a voice actor, a musician and a model.
That is a great movie. If you like Red Dawn, you should watch Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote the Monkey House and the Emperor of Dunces. Have you seen those?
OK, have a great day!
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. And he also directed The Godfather Part II, starring Al Pacino.
He wrote Unbroken: Apocalypse Now, have you read it?
He also wrote Undead and Unwed and The Emperor's New Groove. If you like Romance novels, you might like that one.
Yes it is. Another romance novel you might like is Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one?
Done! Anything else I can help you with?
He is an author who wrote Män som hatar kvinnor.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
It is a speculative fiction book written by William Nicholson. Do you like this genre?
My apologies but I don't find any in the same genre, but I find I find it interesting that it is also a children's literature.
The Giver is a great book, it was written by Lois Lowry
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know a lot about football.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team. Which team is yours?
It's been a while since I've been there, I'd have to. I'm a big football fan. What sport do you like to watch?
No, that's what made it a heck of a heck of a mistake.
Yes! The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book. Are you interested in this type of book?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University Movie
In Monsters University there's Tyler Labine, Kevin Spacey, and Dan Scanlon. It is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like any of those genres?
You are most welcome! Take care!
Yes, he wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, The Last Hero and The Titan's Curse. Do you like those books?
That is a Romance novel.
Yes. The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book by Niccol Machiavelli. Niccol Machiavelli is a author.
He's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I have never heard of him but I think he is very talented and has a little bit about everything he does.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Gone Baby Gone which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, which is a crime fiction novel. Have you read that one?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Would you like to know more about it?
Of course, it's written by Rebecca Stead. It's a great book and also a movie.
It's a great book! It was written by Richard Kelly and directed by David Fincher.
I love her! My favorite song is What About You. Do you know if she's still in a relationship with Justin Timberlake?
I was not a fan of Taylor Swift, are you a fan of Ozzy or Metallica?
I didn't realize she was in a movie as well, actually. Did you know she was a producer on The Voice?
Of course! She starred in The Princess Diaries, Last Night at Chateau Marmont, and The Devil Wears Prada.
White Squall is a film staring Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like those actors?
Are you looking for something in the same genre?
Whale Rider is in the genre of historical period drama and is also in the genre of historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1987. It's a biography and written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm unsure how many of his lifetime or are there any others you would like to know?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & me also starred in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a crime movie or because it is a crime movie?
Of course, Red Eye is a horror. Did you know that he also starred in Scream 2.
Sure, A Nightmare Depp stars Robin Williams and Reese Witherspoon. It's a fantasy movie.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Couture is in The Experiment. Do you like him as an actor?
That movie stars Sylvester Stallone, Stallone, and Lukas Haas.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy and children's literature. Another good one is The Iron Trial. Have you read that one?
It's a great one to read and if you're interested in more fantasy books, The Golden Compass is a fantasy novel as well.
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a crime fiction?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is amazing to watch.
That's where he won the 2012 Olympics. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
I am a swimmer, and I think he is very good at the end of the game.
Are you a tennis fan?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter farelly and is comedy
It's a Romantic Comedy but is also a Romance. You might like that one.
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a thriller and crime movie. Do you like that kind of movie?
His latest movie is The Skulls.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's a drama and a comedy directed by Peter Scolari.
You're welcome.
The coach of this team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
Its a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Yes he did, he is a great player.
He's an excellent Singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that, I believe he was born in Sao Paulo.
Sure Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank
It's a historical period drama starring Tommy Lee Jones and Danny DeVito.
Enjoy.
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama film. Florian also directed The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Thou.
I am not sure who starred in The Tourist. But I know it is a psychological thriller film.
That's a great movie. It was released in 2005.
I'm not sure who wrote it but I know it was released in 2004.
Glad to help!
I agree. I think Coach Steve Kerr is one of the best coach of the NBA. Do you like him?
Did you know he's on the NBA All-Rookie team?
Oh, that's awesome! Did you know Anthony Davis was a point guard in basketball?
Jane Eyre is a great author. She wrote Villette and The Professor.
Jane Eyre is a Novelist but is also a film producer.
Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler is a good one
I think he is a pretty good basketball player but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I'm a tennis fan. I like to watch college football sometimes. What sports do you like?
No I did not.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know too much about A Million Little Pieces. But I do know that it was written by James Frey. Do you like him?
It's a fictional novel by James Frey and it has genre Speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed the movie Goldman, which is a biography. He also directed The Royal Tenenbaums which is a biography.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark didn't he?
1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but The Winter's Tale was written by John Scalzi
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He plays for the Germany national football team. He is a midfielder.
Yes he is, he is also a midfielder and won the Bravo Award.
Not really but I do know Toni Kroos plays for the German national team. I don't follow it either. I think I have heard of him.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I do! She's a pretty good singer and actress. Wasn't she on American Idol?
No, I did not.
Yeah, she sounds very interesting. I believe she won the award for Video of the Year.
Sure, do you like Jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley or because it is a horror?
Yes, he starred in Jaws 2 along with Peter Benchley.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Louis Sachar. It's a fiction novel.
Amelie is a romance film. It's similar to Wild Grass.
Yes, he wrote the thriller The Life and Times of the Dead. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman and Robert De Niro to name a few.
It is a Crime Fiction Film starring Craig T. Nelson that also starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Backman. both are great movies.
Leslie Bibb starred in Winnie the Pooh and in The Pick-Up Artist.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
Not really, I think the Buccaneers will win the Superbowl. Do you like the Buccaneers?
I'm a huge fan of the Saints, but I do like the San Francisco 49ers. I think the Saints are doing well this season. Who is your favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite band is Bleed it out. How about you?
Somewhere I Belong is a member of the NY Giants. I don't know too much about them either.
I do not know of any other bands. Is there a specific album I should listen to?
Yes, I do. American Football is my favorite team. Who is your favorite team?
Yeah they did, they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you watch any other sports?
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, he is a great player!
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Are you interested in Crime Fiction?
Of course, another book by Truman Capote you might enjoy is Utterly Cold Blooded.
Yes, it was based on a true story. It was released in 1999.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that type of movie?
Garfield also starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. You might like that one.
They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, I am a big fan of the Houston Rockets. How about you?
I like tennis and tennis better than the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I know it was written by Roger Zemeckis and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like films by any chance?
She was in the movie Friends with Benefits, and she also starred in The Princess Diaries.
Ted starred Seth Macfadyen and Sandra Bullock.
You're welcome
Sure, Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes he was, it is a Historical period drama.
I don't remember that. I don't remember when it was released.
I do! I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown, who was one of my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
He sure was. I'm not sure if he was in that movie, but I do know that Johnny Depp starred in it.
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is one of my favorites. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action or science fiction movie?
Sure, he starred in Wolverine, The Proposal and Resident Evil. Do you like his work?
Waiting also starred Hugh Jackman, Angelina Jolie Pitt, and Jennifer Lawrence.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, Do you like True Grit because it is a Historical period drama?
He starred in The People Speak, The People Speak, and Inside Job. Have you seen any of those?
Not sure about that. Good Will Hunting is considered a war film but he also starred in another great movie, The People Speak, which is a action movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director of Boyhood is J.K. Rowling.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama film and was released in 2012.
Confused was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
In the movie, Nicholas Cage starred in The King Kong. It's a great adventure film.
It is mainly a drama, and a crime fiction film.
Of course, you may like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, or X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it's very good, but it's a sequel to Eon Flux, which is also Science Fiction.
They are a sports team. But I don't know too much about them. Who is their coach?
They are a pretty good team, but I think Dallas Cowboys have a good season this year.
Are you a fan of the Patriots? That's pretty cool.
This is the End, The Interview
It starred James Franco and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End, which was released in 2013.
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down as well as Snow White and the Huntsman.
The Vow is starring Mindy Kaling, Channing Tatum, and James Franco. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He also starred in White Oleander which is a crime fiction film
No problem
Escape from New York and X-Men are some other ones you might like.
The Lion King is a popular movie. Have you seen it?
Irene Mecchi also wrote The Sirens of Titan, which was released in 2011.
No problem, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith and Kevin James?
Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, The Pursuit of Happyness, and The Pursuit of Happyness.
It's a Thriller. Shia LaBeouf is a genre of Western.
Sure, here it is.
I think he is a soccer player from England. Do you like him?
I don't either, he is a midfielder as well, and he is also a midfielder.
I'm a big american football fan but i don't really know any other sports. Do you follow any other sports?
He also directed A Christmas Carol, which is a comedy. You might also like it.
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I've heard they were from South Korea, but I don't know much about them. What's your favorite team?
I'm not sure of that place. I'm not sure if they were in Seoul.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, and Viy.
It also starred Jason Flemyng and Anthony Hopkins.
Your welcome!
Your welcome!
I sure can! She's an author who wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction books?
Great! If you like non-fiction, I recommend The Return of the King.
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Hugh Jackman, Danny DeVito, and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I know a little bit about him. He is a soccer player for FC Barcelona. Are you a fan?
He was a physician who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
No, I did not know that. I'm sorry.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ziggy Marley starred in Hocus Pocus.
Are you a fan of Epatha Merkerson? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
It is a science fiction film. Are you interested in those kinds of films?
Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate?
He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read any of these?
Cool! Steven D. Levitt is the author of the book. Do you like his books?
I haven't either but I know he was born insburg.
That's a good one as well. Steven D. Levitt is from New York City.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds, The Stand, and The Modern Prometheus.
Yes science fiction, would you like to know about other books in that genre?
I agree. Did you know he directed and starred in the movie?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It has a genre of Tragicomedy and Drama
Yes I can, I like the most about the music in the 18th century but i don't know any more about the other two.
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, Inc.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 in English. It's a Family Saga also written by Laini Taylor.
I believe it was released in 2014. Would you like to add that one to your list?
You're very welcome!
I am not a huge basketball fan so I'm not familiar with him. I think he's a great Point Guard.
That's right. Do you know anything about him? I'm more of a baseball fan.
I have not, but I think I've seen him on TV. Have you seen any of his games?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. They were both written by Quentin Tarantino
It was written by Rupi Kaur and directed by David Fincher.
Grindhouse is starring Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. It's a great movie.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
Kenny Ortega starred in Pride & Prejudice and World War Z.
Yes, have you seen Beautiful Creatures or Step Up?
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Sure, Sylvester Stallone, Michael Fassbender, and Sharon Lechter are to name a few.
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome, goodbye.
They are a basketball team. Their coach name is Jason Kidd. Do you like basketball?
That is a great movie. Did you like it because it was written by Steven Spielberg or because it was a Thriller?
The Taking of Pelham 123 also stars Ramon and is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
It's a action movie with a little bit of drama and action genre as well. Do you enjoy watching these types of movies?
Sure! Do you like Romance and Historical period dramas?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel as well.
Glad to be of help
I don't know who she is. But, I know she was born in Mumbai. I think she is also a tennis player.
Not really, I know she is a tennis player from India. What sport do you follow?
I have never seen it, can you tell me who is in it?
He starred in Looking for Richard.
These books are listed in several genres including Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he starred in a comedy called The Son of NO One.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levin and it is a satire.
She also wrote Giver a Pig a Pancake and The House of the Seven Gables. Both are great books.
I'm glad to help!
Yes, she is a singer and a musician.
I am not sure about the lyrics but I know that he is also a composer and a musician.
I'm not sure about that. But, I know it was released in 2010.
You're very welcome. Have a good night!
He starred in a movie called Nomad, have you seen it?
I sure was. I would also recommend The Bourne Ultimatum if you haven't seen it.
No they are not, but The Hurt Locker starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys, The Other Guys, The Lorax, and The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Of course. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
Enjoy the movie.
He is the author of the books, he is also a cartoonist. Do you like his books?
It's a Romance starring Sara Gruen. Does that interest you?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and was released in 2007.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by him, and he also starred in Upright Citizens Brigade.
You're welcome!
Yes, Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. anything else i can answer?
Yes she is a great author. I would suggest The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a Biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Tom Everett, Jeremy Renner, and Steve Buscemi all starred in the film.
Zack and Miri Make a Porno are some of the good movies.
You are most welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
I recommend David and Goliath, its a great read.
I haven't read Zadie Smith yet, can you tell me more about his works?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinction.
It is a science fiction film, directed by John Carpenter, John Carpenter and was released in 2007.
She's amazing, I'll add it to your playlist if you would like?
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi drama. It's a great movie!
Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was written by Lian Hearn. He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
He wrote The Sacrilege: The Antichrist Takes the Threone
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. I can recommend V for Vendetta.
Inception starred Keanu Reeves, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
A Wind in the Door is another good one. Have you read it before?
Yes, it was written by A Wind in the Door and was released in 2008.
The Tale of Beedle the Bard, The Sea of Monsters and Ruby in the Smoke are both young-adult fiction books.
I'm not sure. That's a great one. It's similar to The Scorch Trials.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in Indie films?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama. Do you like Indie films?
Swarup was released in 2011. It is a romance.
You're welcome. You are welcome.
Aidan Turner wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which was released in 2013.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is also a book.
It is a fantasy movie.
The Lord of the Rings: The Red Pyramid
Mr. & Mrs. Smith
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl and it's a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction.
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about Zoe's Tale.
I do, it was released in 2013. The only information I have on The Goldfinch is related to a novel released 2013.
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction book, the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction book, the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction book.
She did! She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch: An American Life.
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Oakland, California.
You are welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
That was a great book! You might also like The Ship of Brides, Do you like other works by Jojo Moyes?
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it's a good book! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
That's a good one. Did you know that John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska?
I'm not sure about that one. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the information!
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure. However, I can recommend another book called The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Of course! You are very welcome.
Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Are you interested in movies starring him?
Black Hat is a horror movie, do you like horror genre?
Black Hat is an adventure movie starring Selena Goon and it was released in 1985
You are welcome, goodbye.
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro, and released in 1999.
Yes, Pan's Labyrinth is in the English language. Does this interest you?
I'm not sure about the genre. However, Pan's Labyrinth is written by Guillermo del Toro.
Pan's Labyrinth is in the same genre as Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen this movie?
Enchanted is also written by Guillermo del Toro, and it is rated R.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
That's interesting to know. Did you know he also starred in a movie called Lord of the Rings?
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote the book and the movie was influenced by Jack London
Yes, I like fredéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released 750 A.D. very old writer. I think you'll like this. Have you read it?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Do you know anything about Frédéric Mugler?
I do. There's also The Godfather Part II which is a drama.
The Godfather Part II stars Al Pacino, Robert Duvall and Farrah Fawcett.
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis wrote it.
Yes it was directed by Sean Penn, he also directed True Grit and The Hunt for Red October.
He's in Into the Wild and The Tree of Life. Have you seen them?
Me too! Have you seen Men in Black 3?
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Sure, one is The Miserables 2 and another one is The Invisible Man, have you seen those?
Have a great day!
I love him! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I don't know too much about her, but he was born in Honolulu. I know she was born in Murrieta.
I'm more of a fan of hers. I'm more of a fan of hers, what about you?
I haven't heard of that one yet. Isn't that a pop genre?
The coach of the team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
The coach of the team is Louis van Gaal. Do you like him?
I think they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
The Maze Runner is a book. The Maze Runner is the next book in The Maze Runner is The Kill Order
John Logan is the author of The Maze Runner.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Arundhati Roy has written The God of Small Things, The God of Small Things, The Gods of Small Things, and The Gods of Small Things. Would you like to know more about any of those?
It's considered a Drama and Speculative fiction, do you like those genres?
I'm not sure if it was made into a movie. Do you like movie movies?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Are you looking for more by that author or more of that genre?
Its a great book, written by Sue Monk Kidd and was released in 2001
its a bit of historical period drama, but the movie was based on how the movie was based on the book.
She wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Nina Auerbach the author of Dracula Auerbach also wrote Insomnia and The Invisible Man.
Well, there are a number of authors similar to Nina Auerbach, just to name a few. There is a German version of Dracula if you like.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. It's a great movie!
Of course. Some other fantasy movies are The Return of the King, The Fellowship of the Ring, and The Return of the King.
You're welcome. He's also in a lot of movies.
I'm not a huge Houston Texans fan but I do know they are owned by Bob McNair. Do you like them?
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans, and owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen it?
Emily Bronte and Frank McCourt also starred in it.
It came out in 2004.
Sure, it's a great movie! It's a classic! It's a classic!
She is a great author who wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama.
It was released in 1946 but is also a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I highly recommend it, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Great, enjoy!
I have heard of Serena Williams, but I don't know her. What do you think of her?
Yes, she is very talented and has also won the 2008 UEFA Champions League Final.
I've only seen it in a while and it was so exciting. What sport do you like?
I'm not very familiar with him but I think he is from India.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in this movie.
You are very welcome.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes he is the writer of the X-Men movie
I'm not sure of the release date of the movie.
Your welcome enjoy
Sure. Crazy, Stupid, Love is written by Dan Fogelman. what else can i answer for you today?
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in Crazy, Stupid, Love is also a romance film. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
I'm sorry I don't know the answer to that.
The genre is Children's Literature.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 1996
The Post is a movie related to Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado, starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Some of the most popular ones are Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do, and It's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Happy to help! Anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets starring J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of hers or do you prefer the genre or the author?
It is, similar to Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it was released in 2016.
I do! I'm not a huge football fan, but I have seen them win the Super Bowl XLVIII. Do you like them?
Romeo and Juliet is up there but they're really good, too.
Do you know who owns the team?
Jerry Spinelli wrote it and it was released in 1980.
Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed, Love Stargirl and it is a Young-adult fiction.
Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
I think he is a very good tennis player but I don't know much about him. I think he lost to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. Do you like him?
That's amazing. Did you know he lost to Rafael Nadal because he lost to Rafael Nadal, I think?
I understand he had a record 23 grand slam singles titles so I didn't know that.
I don't have any more information about Mary GrandPre. However, I can tell you that she wrote The Assassin and the Desert which is similar.
J.K. Rowlings is the author of those books.
Sure Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her books?
Yes she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote What Alice Forgot. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a pretty good team, I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year
My favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers. But that's really cool.
They seem to be having a bad season but they're still having a good season but they're still having a good season.
I agree! He was very good at the end of the game.
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
I sure can! She wrote The Hiding Place, The Cross and Switchblade, and God's Smuggler.
The Hiding Place is Non-Fiction, Speculative Fiction, and Non-Fiction. It's in the Non-fiction genre.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Trust.
Yes, you might like The Matrix Revolutions if you like Martial Arts.
Ok, anything else I can help you with?
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Phil Lord directed my favorite The Lego Movie
Kirsten Dunst and Cameron Diaz starred in 22 Jump Street.
He was in White House Down, which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, she's a great actor. No Strings Attached is one of my favorite some of hers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is very funny
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
Mike White and Emma Stone starred in Zombieland.
I'm sorry I don't know what year he was in.
She wrote The Last Days of Downtown and The Boston Girl. Have you read either of those?
You might also enjoy The Last Days of Dogtown by Sara Shepard. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
That was written by Nacy Bond and is Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1926.
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Megan Whalen and is considered Speculative fiction.
Sure, Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Wyrd Sisters or Z for Zachariah just to name a few.
To Have and Have Not was written by Ernest Hemingway, it is a Speculative fiction novel.
Groundhog Day is a war film. Do you like movies with Bill Murray in it?
Year One starred Charlize Theron, Michael Stahl-David and Cameron Diaz.
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters.
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite band is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. Do you want to know more about the movie or one of his movies?
You can try War of the Worlds, The Running Man, or The Dead Zone.
There is a sequel to X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class is the sequel to X-Men: First Class.
She was in the movie. Are you familiar with Alice in Wonderland? She is in that.
Jean-Pierre wrote The Sea of Monsters and The One Minute Manager.
Micmacs is starring Yolande Moreau. He is a great actor.
Micmacs is a comedy released in 2006.
Your welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released 2013. Are you looking for more by Neil Gainman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You are welcome.
Joel Coen, Joel Coen, and Patton Oswalt star in No Country for Old Men.
I'm not sure of the other suspense genre, but I can tell you that he is in the Thriller genre.
I believe it was directed by Quentin Tarantino, would you like to hear more about the movie?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
It is an action/adventure film that was released in 2007.
It sure is! It's a spy genre.
You're welcome
I don't have that information but it was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Minute Manager.
You are welcome.
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, he was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
Some similar novels include; The Handmaid's Tale and The First Man in Rome.
You're welcome!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and The Old Man in the High Castle.
Yes, that is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about movies starring Tom Cruise?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would also recommend X-Men: The Last Stand.
Randal Kleiser is a great director
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote them too!
Yes, it is a sequel to the Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster has a genre Biography and Action film. It was released in 2011.
I do, Walking Disaster is a great one, it was released in 2015
You are welcome
Sure, have you seen the whole Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
Me too! Have you seen A Bug's Life or The Matrix Reloaded?
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. He also starred in a lot of The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song Chandelier and Titanium! Are you a fan of her?
Yes, she did win the MTV Music Award for Best Electronic Dance Music Award.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. She is a great pianist.
Sorry, I don't have that information. What genre are you looking for?
I like romance a little more. Have you seen X-Men 2? That's one of my favorites.
It is, I'm not sure about that one, but it was released in 2011.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Young-adult fiction or young-adult fiction genre?
He also wrote the book Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel
It was written by Richelle Mead because it was a part of a series. Do you enjoy children's books?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it as well as it was released
Did you like Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a crime fiction?
Some similar movies are Zombieland, Now You See Me, and Zookeeper.
Most of his movies were released in 2014 and he directed the Lego Movie.
You're welcome!
He starred in Ted, which is a biographical film
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy and drama film.
You're welcome.
Yes, Marue Hindle wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was released in 1999.
Yes he also wrote The Last Unicorn and The Handmaid's Tale
Yes, The Modern Prometheus was written in English, is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The World According to Garp, a Novel. Would you like to hear more?
It was released in 1599, but I don't believe it's a romantic novel. But, I haven't read any of his books. Are you interested in romantic novels?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are a team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles though. How about you?
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, so I have no idea who is your favorite team?
I'm more into basketball because I don't follow any sports, I know there. I'm a big fan of the sport.
There is a sequel to Toy Story, which is also a film.
Toy Story 3 is starring Tim Allen, Ella Joyce, and Brad Pitt
Will be happy to help! It's a family friendly, emotional, and a great movie!
Done
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about basketball either. I know he is from the United States of America.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Blade Runner stars Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson starred in both of the Harry Potter movies. He also starred in Green Zone which is a science fiction film.
Some of the actors include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Robbins. It was released in 1999.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Sarah Silverman.
Me too! He starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and The Messenger. Have you seen any of those?
He was in The Wolf of Wall Street, "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Red Pyramid."
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Kurt Wimmer starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Would you like to hear more titles?
Great! You might like Snow Dogs, Srek Forever After or The Manchurian Candidate if you like those.
That was written by Steven Spielberg. Are you a fan of the movie or the movie?
The Farthest Shore is a good one
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of her. I am a huge fan of her. What's your favorite song of hers?
I am not sure of any others. I know she has a decent voice but I think I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio.
She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
He wrote The Prophet. Have you read that one?
It's a paranormal romance novel. Does that interest you?
Yes, but I don't think I've heard of it. Do you know of any other books written by him?
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Downtown, and The Boston Girl.
It is speculative fiction
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Downtown and The Boston Girl
You're welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
Another mafia movie is The World of Ice and Fire. Which one is your favorite?
It is a great movie. If you like the movie I think you should watch The Godfather movie.
It is a drama and a great movie
You're welcome
No, but I know it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Sure, The Mists of Avalon is also Drama movie and it is a historical film
Sarah Clarke, Margot Robbie, Michael Stahl-David are some of the lead in it.
You're welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, have you read these?
It's a romance novel, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird. You should give it a try!
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Wicked Lovely.
Glad to be of help, I hope she like it!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Young Sherlock Holmes is a fantasy movie. Some other fantasy movies are The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and Harry Potter.
I'm not sure who starred in that movie. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
It's a romantic comedy. You might also enjoy Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Shopaholic and Baby is a Romantic comedy.
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, it is a Romance novel
It was written by Michael Bay and has genre Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Yes A Tree Grows In Brooklyn was written by Betty Smith. It was released in 1943.
The year it was released
Yes it was in the English language
I am a huge fan! Are you a football fan?
I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Oh, baseball is my favorite team! My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
He's one of my favorites! He directed and starred in Zodiac. He's a great actor.
No, I haven't seen it but I know it was written by David Fincher.
Yes, he directed the movie I'm Not sure, but it's a drama film.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
Shackleton was released in 1999
William Goldman starred in Lord of the Flies. do you like that genre?
He writes in the genre of Speculative fiction.
The Princess Bride is a good fantasy novel.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I think they're pretty good as well. They're all great. I think they're actually more of a drama and they're really good.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in the movie.
Yes he is. Are you a fan of Emma Stone? She's a celebrity.
That's correct. Did you know Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network?
You are welcome!
I know he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he is a slasher writer?
The Truth About Forever is a good fiction book, have you read it?
I haven't seen it but it was directed by David Fincher.
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction and fiction.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
It starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I love romantic comedies! Would you like to hear more about romantic comedies?
You're very welcome. Do you like Echoes of Silence?
I think I had heard it recently. It had a heck of a heck of a lot of issues lately.
I think it's a good book. Did you know it was written by John Grisham?
Some of his other thriller movies are The Firm, The Pelican Brief and The Firm. Would you like more recommendations?
The Brethren was released in 1987. It is a mystery novel and was written by John Grisham.
I'm not sure of the most popular one of his other works but it was released in 2008.
Yes. It was written by John Grisham and is in the English language.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat is a great one and so is The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat is a great one and so is The Cat in the Hat.
You're welcome.
Yes I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite songs of his.
I haven't watched it lately. Do you know who he is with Maroon 5?
I don't watch any of those shows but I do know Maroon 5 also starred in the X Factor X Factor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
The Tragedy of Anthony and Cleopatra is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
Well, Romeo and Juliet is a tragedy by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge of Tomorrow.
Yes, Bobby is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I do not have that information but i can tell you it is from the United States.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby. He also starred in Repo Men
You are welcome
Have you seen Wizard and Glass? It's one of my favorites.
Yes, The Absolute Sandman was released in 1997.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Ken Whisenhunt and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes, it's a Children's literature that was released in 1974.
You're very welcome!
It starred Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and was released in 2010.
Ok, great!
Under the Skin stars Scarlett Johansson, but it's a comedy-drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Into the Sun and Hell Ride are good ones. Have you seen them?
Ok, she starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he starred in Pulp Fiction as well as a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
I know they are a team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Rams!
I'm not a big football fan, I don't know much about him. Do you like any other team?
I don't think so, I don't really care for his health. I do like his wife, Julia Roberts.
Robert Duvall directed The Apostle. It is a drama film. Do you like drama?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle.
Of course, some more Indie films that he starred in are The Apostle, The Return of the Native, and The House of the Seven Gables.
Yes, she is a wonderful writer. She wrote a Thousand Years and a Thousand Years. Are you interested in any of those?
no i didnt know that. do you like any other genres?
i think Wayman is a good one do you like to watch basketball?
that is true. have you ever heard of Wilt Chamberlain?
I think he is a really good artist, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I didn't know that. What do you think of him?
Yeah, that's a very interesting one. I'm sure you will definitely enjoy N'SYNC because he is friends with Taylor Swift
Are you a fan of the movie, The Fellowship of the Ring?
Yes, he was in The Fellowship of the Hobbit series.
He starred in Wilder Napalm, Wilder Napalm, and Troy.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Other books similar are The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth is a part of the series. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Great! You're welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animations?
Ok, then you'll like The Simpsons Movie. It's directed by David Silverman.
No problem, enjoy!
She wrote Wicked which is also a musical and was released in 2014. What do you think of the book?
Yes, Wicked came out in 2012. Would you like to hear more about the play?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, I haven't read any of his latest work, but I know he directed The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with it?
It also starred James Burroughs, Michael Byrne, Patrick McGoohan
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
I love him! He wrote the book called Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
It is in the English language and was released in 1999.
It was released in 1998 and is in the English language. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
It's a great movie! It's a family movie, with a little bit of drama and crime movie.
He also starred in the movie This is Spinal Tap, and it's a mystery.
I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a little about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra was written by Paul Werstine.
Yes, it was written by Adrien Brody.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
Elysium is a movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
I have seen him in the Martian. I think he also starred in The Green Mile, but I haven't seen it yet.
OK, let me know if you need anything else!
I'm glad to hear that!
I am not sure about his last album. I do not have any information on what was it released?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Thrill of It was also released. Are you familiar with it?
Pray is a great artist. I like his work as well.
I like the Buffalo Bills, but I am not a fan of the band. What about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Does this book interest you?
Everything is a fiction book
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94!
No I don't but it's interesting to know he was born in Sao Paulo.
I believe she's American. What sport does she play?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Are you interested in other books by him?
It's a great movie. Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson are in it. Do you like them?
You're welcome.
I like his song New Perspective! What about you?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to hear more books by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia is a Romance Novel that was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies.
The Pacifier is a genre of historical period drama and crime.
Underdog is a comedy. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama starring Matt Damon and was released in 2006.
Yes. He starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
Jay Asher wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
The Passage for example is a good one.
At the Water's Edge is a good one.
It was actually released in 1996.
Cool! I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones and City of Ashes was also released that year.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
The Historian was written by Elizabeth Kostova and released in 2005. It is a suspense/mystery novel.
I don't have any other information about suspense. But I can tell you The Historian was written by John Higgins. I'm glad to help you.
I'm not sure of the title but I can tell you that Without Fail is written by Dick Hall.
You're very welcome.
The Messenger is similar to The Mark of Athena.
Help is a great movie! Did you know it was written by Gillian Flynn?
He sure did. Did you know he also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
It's a drama film. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Certainly. Did you like the movie because it was a Mystery or a crime fiction?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a Crime Fiction
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well as played the lead role.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in it, have you seen it?
He also wrote Tales of the Seahawks, which is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology novel by Rick Riordan.
Did you know that The Titan's Curse is a fantasy novel?
You're welcome
I don't really follow music, but I know he is friends with Selena Gomez who also wrote The Weeknd.
That's interesting, I didn't know she was in The Muppets too, but I watched her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
Great, one of my favorites was The Muppets too!
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Will Smith also starred in I, Robot. I, Robot is another movie you might like.
Yes, he did. He also starred in He's the Man and the Order of the Phoenix.
he wrote Terms of Endearment
You might like Space Jam or Travels with Charley: In Search of America if you like those.
Yes Man is similar to X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This Is Spinal Tap. Its an adventure film. Have you seen it?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, it is, you should check it out. It's a Crime and Action film.
You are welcome!
He wrote the Karate Kid and The Devil in the White City: Murder Magic.
Absolutely. Some other great martial arts films are; The Tempest, The Doors of Perception, and The Path of Dagger.
The Last Dragon stars Sylvester Stallone, Mathieu Amalric and Abraham Lincoln.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show which was released in 1999
You are welcome!
Do you like the movie because of the author, J.K. Rowling, or because of the fantasy genre, the movie?
The Queen of Attolia is a war film
No problem, have you seen any other movies in the series?
I am not sure but there are 3 parts in this series such as the Order of the Phoenix
Chris Columbus directed the order of the movie.
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read the Clan of the Cave Bear? I can suggest other books by Jean M Auel, such as The Valley of the Horses or The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a historical novel that was published in 1993.
Zoe's Tale is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Romance Film and was released in 2011.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie The Gathering Storm which is a science fiction film.
Yes, that is a great movie.
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket for the Delhi Daredevils.
I'm more of a football fan. I don't really know anything about it either. I'm more of a football fan.
I do. Venus Williams is my favorite tennis player, and Tiger Woods is my favorite.
I'm not sure of that one. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's a good one. I really liked Space Jam. Have you seen it?
I didn't know that. That's a great movie. I think Ivan Reitman directed it too.
I disagree. I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos. I think they have a solid season this year.
Sure, The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It is speculative fiction
The Lightning Thief is a fantasy novel
He has written a lot of great books. I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
This Side of Paradise was released in 1987. Have you read it?
He's a great author! He wrote This Side of Paradise, The Great Gatsby and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read those?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like Michael Crichton because he wrote Michael Crichton or because it was a drama film?
Crichton has written a book called Disclosure that you might like.
Robin Cook is a writer and film director. It's known as one of the films he produced.
You're welcome.
Ratatouille is a great movie! It was written by Ian Fleming and Christopher Lee.
Yes, Jason Lee is one of my favorites. He also starred in The Incredibles.
You're welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
It is, you are a fan of the book genre.
The only one I know is David Copperfield I think you might like
I don't know any other one. What else can I do for you?
Yes, it was
I don't know too much about him but I think he's a good friend to Tyga
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Young-adult fiction novel.
He's a great author! He wrote The Thief of All Things as well as Siddhartha.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like other books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Then I would highly recommend the movie. It's a fantasy, adventure movie.
He is a great actor. I think he was born in London.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his books?
Great! I have a few other books by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more about this author?
It's a Mystery. Would you like to add it to your reading list?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Simon Beaufoy. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure about any other films filmed in Mexico but The Girl on the Train is a Psychological thriller. Do those genres interest you?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music. Have you seen it?
I'm not a huge fan of her, but I heard he did a good job of his.
I've only seen her in a movie called Mama. Have you seen it?
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well as wrote the sequel to it.
A Bridge Too Far is a good one, have you seen it yet?
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Wimpy Kid and The Manchurian Candidate
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she's starred in The Wrestler and The Lady in the Lake.
Well, I don't have any information on the Wrestler, but I can tell you it is a Historical period drama. You should check it out!
You are very welcome! Have a great day!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
He's one of my favorites! X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Hunt for Red October. Are you familiar with those?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Dark Knight Rises if you would like to read it.
My apologies! The House of Hades is a similar book
You're welcome!
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It's a great movie. Stefan Kapicic wrote and directed it. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I believe it is a superhero film, with a little bit of drama, crime, and thriller genre.
Sure, Do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien or Speculative fiction?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is the third book in the series. Anything else I can help with?
E. Lockhart is the author of The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
It's in English. That's a great read. Did you know that it was released in 2008.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Matthew McConaughey, and Matthew McConaughey. Do either of those actors or writer primarily?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one, as is Interstellar.
It's a good one, but if you like Sci-Fi movies you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand.
It's a great movie, Bruce Willis, and Marcia DeBonis.
Cool, then you might like The Matrix Revolutions or The Matrix Revolutions.
He is a great song writer. Did you know he composed We Rode in Trucks?
I don't Want This Night to End is a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. But, I don't know much about it. I'm not sure about that.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You're right! Emily Watson directed Equilibrium, a drama film. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. You should check it out!
You're welcome
He is the author of The Vertigo and The Verdict
I don't have any other information for other books by him but I can tell you he is also a scientist and poet.
It is a crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Siren and The One are also good reads by her.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Have a great day!
Richard Linklater directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt. what else can i answer for you today?
Yes, Waking Life is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, you're welcome!
Rich Moore directed the animation film Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like animation films?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Sure, Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska is another book he wrote.
I'm glad I could help.
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He sure did. He also directed Restless along with Good Will Hunting. Have you seen it?
That's correct. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I'll add it to your watch list!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read any of those?
He's also an author who wrote Dazed and Confused. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He was also influenced by David Sedaris. He was influenced by David Sedaris
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry but I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that it was released in 2015.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction, fiction, and Children's literature.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
My apologies, I don't know of her. What type of music do you like? I hear some of their music.
Yes! He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 2000. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is also a graphic novel.
Yes, he did write the book was released in 1960.
He's a good Table Tennis player from China. Are you a table tennis fan?
Yes, he did. He participated in the 2012 Olympics.
You are very welcome. I don't follow the table tennis much. What do you think of Ma Long?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It is a children's literature.
I don't know anything by Eleanor Roosevelt but he was influenced by Janet Evanovich.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It is a Romance film. Do you like movies with Nicholas Cage?
Goodfellas is a war film. Do you like films starring Robert De Niro?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a drama?
What Just Happened is a comedy with Robert DeNiro.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
you are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Beneath is a star in the movie, Joss Whedon, have you seen it before?
They were released in 1998.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the National Basketball Association. Are you a fan of the team?
Oh yeah! My favorite team is the Dodgers. What's your favorite team?
I don't watch it much, I am more of a Lakers fan. What about you?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact. Did you know he was born in Boston?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist which is a comedy, and the Pianist.
Yes that is correct he was in that and he was great in The Mists of Avalon
I'm not sure but I can tell you that Simon West also directed Shooting the Past.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature. Would you like me to recommend something else?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel and it is considered a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy drama. Do you like dramas?
That's a great choice. He has written a number of movies, including The Day After Tomorrow, Independence Day, and The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, that's right. He also starred in a movie called Independence Day.
You are welcome!
I know he starred in Gravity, it's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about it?
Gravity was released in 2010. It is considered a drama film.
Sure, how about Gravity: Cradle of Life? It's a Sci-Fi film
You're very welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Mark Davis, and they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a fan of the Cowboys. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you have a favorite team?
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale.
It starred Roger Rees, Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in No Strings Attached. It is a science fiction film
You are most welcome, please enjoy!
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller.
Yes, it is a war novel and it is more of a war novel.
I'm sorry. I don't have any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
P.C. Cast wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed.
It was released in 2011. It's more of a fantasy novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's a good book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his books?
It is. Do you like White Teeth because is a biography or a drama?
It is a great book. Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth?
You are very welcome.
John Lasseter directed Walk the Line, starring Bruce Willis, and Richard Linklater.
Cars 2 was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
Kellan Lasseter also starred in the movie.
You are very welcome!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. she starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, you should! He's also in The Titans, which is a thriller that you might like.
I know they are a National Football League in the AFC West, and owned by John Fox. Are you a fan?
Yes, I like the Redskins too. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
It was the same year when the Redskins won the NFL championship. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles though.
That book was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is written by Terry Pratchett
I recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 4th in the NBA.
Yeah, that's right, he is very tall
No problem, any time!
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client.
Ted Tally wrote Out of Sight and The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs was a film starring Anthony Chilton. If you like thrillers, you should try it.
Enjoy your movie!
Yes, I like it! It's a action movie starring Glenn Morshower and Kevin Dunn. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie, along with Kevin Dunn.
Sure, you might like Vampire Academy, starring Shia Lebouf.
Russell is not only a basketball player and a point guard, he is currently a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes I am a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
Yep, they were all the runner-up in the 90s.
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
I am not sure about that, but Spells of the Deep is another great one
Yes, it is a romance novel and it was written by Richard Condon
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
Justin Rose is a golfer from England. Have you seen his game?
Yeah, I think he's really good, but I'm not a big golf fan as well. He won the 2007 PGA Championship!
I have. I'm a huge fan of Adam Sandler.
Well, I'm a Niner fan, sadly, so I'm not sure who they are doing this year. Who do you root for?
I'm not a big american but the Dolphins are 4th in the AFC West division. Do you like the Carolina Panthers?
I'm not sure how they are doing this year, but I know they were runner up for Super Bowl XLVII in 2012.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like Paul McCartney?
I didn't know she was in The Giver. Did you know she also starred in The Litigators?
I am familiar with that book. Did you know Taylor Swift was in The Giver?
Hi, yes I do. It is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
Aside from being a writer, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, have you seen it?
I have not, but I can tell you it was written by Truman Capote.
He wrote My Own Private Idaho, which is a Romance film
It is a great movie! Mandy Moore and Katherine Heigl were in it as well as Katherine Heigl.
Of course! Movies like Mandy Moore and Batman Begins are both great animation films.
You should. Tim Allen starred in Toy Story as well as Katherine McPhee.
Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne. It's a great animated movie.
You are very welcome!
Yes. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Science Fiction film?
There is a movie by Steven Speilberg called A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
This movie was released in 1996 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr. and Judd Hirsch.
You are welcome. It is a romance film.
Have you seen Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z?
You're welcome.
Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Bridget Fonda all star in the movie.
Sergio Leone directed The Scent of a Woman.
No, the director is J.K. Simmons.
He has starred in many films. One of them is A Woman Named Jackie. Have you seen that one?
Witless Protection is a drama and also a great movie! It's a great movie!
Witless Protections is a good Crime film as well as A Time to Kill and a Mockingbird.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like Paul McCartney?
I'm not sure but I can tell you she is also a singer like Selena Gomez.
No, I am not a huge fan of Linkin Park. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally haven't heard of their music, but I'm familiar with Linkin Park. My favorite Linkin Park song is Do It My Thing You Do!
They're all sort of a pop music genre. I think I'll listen to all of them now. I listen to all sorts of music genres too
Do you want to know about movies he directed ? I don't have any information on films he directed.
He was in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The People of Sparks.
He starred in Twister Squad, a crime fiction film and he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
You're right! Craig T. Nelson starred in The Family Stone, The Company Company, and The Transporter.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she starred in The Family Stone. That's a great movie.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. She also wrote Ariel which is a biography. What do you think of this book?
Of course, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, and The Collected Poems, and Ariel, just to name a few.
Oh, sorry, I don't know about that. But, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1996.
I'm not sure of the most popular song of his. But he was in the movies Moonwalker and Who Moved My Cheese?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Ah yes it's the whale, it was written by John Lee Hancock.
I do not have that information but I can tell you he directed Deadpool.
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Ben Stiller is very welcome. Enjoy
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English. It's a great read!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician as well.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either of those?
I am not sure about the year of release. But it was released in 2009.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure! She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple and The Color Purple. Do you like speculative fiction genre?
The Color Purple is a historical novel and the genre is historical period drama
Yes, it's musical. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan and Christopher Nolan
Memento is starring Kevin Spacey,Jami Gertz, and Kevin Spacey
You are welcome. Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Real Madrid is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I didn't know they were runner ups in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final right?
The Scarlet Letter is a historical novel and a historical period drama. Is that what you are looking for?
John Irving is an American author who wrote The World According to Garp, The Cider House Rules.
It is a Tragicomedy that was released in 1973.
It was published in 1995.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor! He wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox and David Schwimmer.
Princess Mononoke actually starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
It is an action/adventure film that also starred Ron Clements and Lauren Holly. Do you like those actors?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it.
Have you seen other movies in the series? Ocean's Thirteen is a drama.
Sure. The Fight Club is a drama film directed by David Fincher. It stars George Clooney, Matt Damon, and Edward Norton.
I don't think I can find a movie similar to it, but I can tell you that the movie is starring Edward Norton, and the movie was released in 1999
Brad Pitt is a great actor. Perhaps you would be interested in seeing him in the drama Gone Baby Gone. It is a tragedy.
You are welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like romance novels?
You might enjoy Winter's Tale or The Best Years of Our Lives. Those are some other ones.
Yes, it is! It's a Romantic film if you are interested in more of her movies.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't a fan of sports but I know they are in English. Have you seen it?
That's a great information about him. I'm not much of a tennis fan.
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know that Lakers are coached by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
I think Mike Brown is a good coach. Do you know if he is a good coach?
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998. Have you read it?
I can't find any information on that, but if you are interested in other books he wrote, I can recommend some other ones if you like.
That is a great book! I think you'll also enjoy it.
He is a basketball player and plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that, he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all the basketball movies. One of them is the Lakers. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar was released in 1999 and was directed by David Fincher. It is a fantasy comedy.
Vulgar is more of a drama and crime movie. It was released in 1999.
Kevin Smith is a writer, screenwriter, and playwright. He is the director of the movie and he was born in Addis Ababa.
You are very welcome. Hope you like it.
I know it's a German football league. I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
not really, i don't know much about soccer, what team does he play for?
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Terry Goodkind. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure thing. Some of my favorites include The Pillars of the Earth, The Matrix Revolutions and The First Rule.
It is a novel with a Fantasy and Children's literature genre.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell and Michelle Pfeiffer.
It is speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like any of those genres?
He has also written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Pillars of the Earth.
I am not sure of the genre but I believe it was influenced by William Shakespeare
You are welcome.
It is a fiction book.
I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
Did you know that he was born in Houston, Texas. He's a great quarterback.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's on the Patriot's team. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
He is one of my favorite boxers of all time. Can't really think of many others who've been so successful.
Yeah, that's what I expected, I'm a big fan of MMA. What's your favorite fight?
Oh I didn't know that. Is he a boxer?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare.
Stars is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Host is similar and is also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen that one ?
In that case, I recommend Twilight. It's because it's more of a drama and a crime fiction movie.
Of course. It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Carell, to name a few. It's part of the series.
Great, both of them are written by C.D. Payne.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Great. It was written by Andrew Garfield and starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did. She starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and 3rd Movies.
The book was written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of the most popular Self-help books is How to Win Friends and Influence People.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise has also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Shark Night also stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is very talented!
Yes, he is a very talented man. Do you know if he is related to his music?
I don't have any information on his songs but I can tell you that he is from India.
Ratatouille is a great movie! Do you like movies starring Emma Stone?
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome!
Se7en is a history or Thriller. Do you like these genres?
A crime Thriller movie is Crime Thriller. It's starring Robin Wright and Oliver Twist. Have you seen it?
It's a real serial killer in Zodiac, starred Zach Galifianakis, Jeff Bridges and Jason Wiles.
I'm always happy to help.
It was written by Paula McLain and it is genre Fiction and it was released 2011.
No, but I heard it was a pretty good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015.
It's not in the English language, but I think you will enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you know any of them?
I'm sure I haven't heard of that one. What is it about her?
That is a reality television show. Have you seen it?
If you enjoyed City of Fallen Angels, City of Fallen Angels is a great book! It was released in 2011.
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare who wrote The Titan's Curse. Do you like her?
The Mortal Instruments is part of the series, the next book is The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Cassandra Clare is influenced by her.
No problem!
Yes, he is very talented. He wrote Hotel Rwanda, starring Kristen Stewart and Anne Hathaway.
Hotel Rwanda is an adventure film
Tom Everett, Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron starred in the Boleyn girl.
It is a historical drama. I believe you'd like it.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is a History movie.
It starred Larry Crowne, who also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a fantasy novel. Are you interested in fantasy books?
The book is a Historical period drama. I'm not sure about the story. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
His latest movie is Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that Steven Spielberg directed the movie Larry Crowne.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote the Revenge of the Dawn Treader the Silver Chair.
Yes it was, directed by Paula Hawkins and released in 2015.
No problem!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Are you a fan of sci-fi thrillers?
The Siren is a novel and The Queen is considered a Drama.
Since you are a fan of young-adult fiction, The Siren is a good one! It was released in 2011. It's considered a fantasy.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
There's another one by Percy Bysshe Shelley. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
He's been in a number of things, including The Sum of All Fears, and The Pillars of the Earth.
I'm not sure what else she has done but the Lord of the Rings series was really good
Yes, it was written by John Green, is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, I haven't heard of them. Did you know The Fault in Our Stars?
I think he is a good basketball player but I don't know much about him. How do you think he plays for the NBA?
Yes he was, and he is a great player too. Did you know he is also a musician?
Yes they do, do you know who they are?
It was written by James Dasher it's a Young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
Sure, Way Station is a great science fiction book.
Yes I have. I love sci fi as well.
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Jim Parrack and James Franco starred in the Planet of the Apes. Do you like those actors?
Volcano is starring Ryan Reynolds and Anthony Minghella. It's a romantic comedy.
I have not seen it, but heard it was written by the famous writer Moulin Rouge!
He was, but I haven't seen Pink in a movie yet. I think it may be a science fiction movie since I saw it.
Mia Wasikowska, Jackie Weaver, and Bruce Willis to name a few. Do you like them?
You're Welcome!
I know he plays soccer for the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much about him.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm a fan of Serena Williams. What about you?
Me either but I like the a lot american football (soccer) team. My favorite team is the Redskins
That's my local team, my favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
Oh they are, I hope they do. They're still in the AFC North division.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
It is a thriller. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you seen Safe House? It's one of my favorite thrillers.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Prestige?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Steve Careelin is a great actor and he also starred in Space Jam.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
He is a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I like his music alot, but I'm not a big fan of his. What about you?
I'm not sure but I know she is from there.
Sure anything by Liane Moriarty or something else I can recommend?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure of the release date. But I can tell you that it was also made into a movie. You should check it out.
The Farthest Shore is a similar book.
Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction. Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction. Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction. Does that sound interesting to you?
I do not know who wrote Waylander, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, Aladdin is written by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a Romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements, who also directed Treasure Planet
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I love lady Gaga. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
I haven't seen it yet, I will see it.
Yeah, she was in the Muppets too!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think it's kind of a mini series. I'm just going to recommend Yellow too.
Yes, it was indeed. I'm not sure about that.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado, a comedy. It's a great movie.
Yes she is, she also starred in the movie The Birdcage.
Your welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Subtle Knife as well as A Ruby in the Smoke.
Speculative fiction and science fiction. what else can i answer?
it was released sometime ago. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek the Third. Do you like him?
Sure, one of my favorites is Yuvraj Singh. Have you heard it?
It's pop music. But, if you like that genre, you should check out Men in Black 3 or Better Luck Tomorrow.
Yes, he is a great actor! He wrote The Yon Red Line, The First Man in Rome and The First Man in Rome. Have you read any of those?
It's in the genre of speculative fiction and fantasy
It was released in 1999
I'm glad I could help!
Wolverine is in the genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Crime Fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a crime fiction. Have you seen it?
Mike Starr has starred in The Bodyguard, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
Mike Starr also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
It was written by Frances Hodgson, do you like her?
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, Tate did star in The O.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola or Robert Duvall?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good one, you might also like it.
I am not sure who starred in Training Day. Do you like crime and drama films?
Maleficent is starring Olivia Wilde, Jeff Bridges, and James Vanderbilt. Do you like any of those actors?
Sure Angelina Jolie starred in The Wedding Date, it is a historical period drama. Have you seen it yet?
That's right. Mr and Mrs Smith is a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
Yes. That was a good movie. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in it?
Did you know Owen Wilson starred in the movie? It's a comedy?
He plays for the New England Patriots, are you a soccer fan?
He plays the Midfielder, and he is also the member of the Germany national football team.
He is a Midfielder and played on the Germany national football team.
I know he plays soccer for the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much about him.
No, I don't. I am not sure. Do you like soccer?
yes, she is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
I'm not sure about examples like Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like Tom Cruise? He's in The Matrix Revolutions as well as The Power of Six.
Yes it is. Do you want to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
Okay great. I hope you enjoy it.
That's a great movie! Did you know that it's a Romance film?
I like thrillers, but I also like Ernest Hemingway. Have you seen it?
I like murder mystery too. I think it would be considered a murder mystery.
I have. Did you know that Pacifier is in the genre of Historical period drama?
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, have you read them?
Of course. She wrote Gone with the Wind, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that, I don't believe she starred in a movie. It's a romance novel.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He's from New York City, United States.
Zooey Deschanel wrote it.
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
He also produced Tootsie which was a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Everett starred in That Thing You Do!
I am not sure if it was a comedy, but it was directed by Peter Kosminsky.
Do you want to know more about Bruce Dern or Michael Rapaport?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like drama films?
It is a crime fiction, do you like that genre?
No I have never heard of those movies.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are a National Football League team in the National Football Conference. Are you a fan of the National Football League?
Interesting, I don't even have a favorite team. I don't even have a favorite team, but I do know Joe Montana was the owner of the National Football League as well.
Yeah that's a big name, I'm a NY Giants fan so I really don't know who the quarterback is, but the Seahawks is a great team.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is a Drama, or because it is starring Rachel Ward?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rick Riordan.
I'm not sure about that. But, I can tell you she is a writer and a film producer.
She starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980s called Mrs. Doubtfire.
You should check it out.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005.
Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005, what else can i do for you?
The Mist was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. That is a great sci-fi novel.
The Mist and The Maze Runner was a great sci-fi book. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, will do!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs and in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Stephen King is a horror movie and it's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else on it.
You're welcome.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred James Nesbitt, Peter Scolari and Al Pacino. It was released in 2006.
I don't know anything else. However, I know that she starred in The Invasionsion of the Body Snatchers.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Do you like basketball?
Cadillac Records is one of my favorite movies. I would suggest it as well.
I agree. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it yet. I think I will check it out!
The Muppets also starred Will Smith. I'm sure you'll like it as well.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like childrens literature?
Essential was written by Tim Burton and released in 2008. It's a speculative fiction.
I don't know any other authors but I can tell you that Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a book that was released in 1985.
You are very welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
Some similar movies are The Return of the King and The Return of the King
He starred in Troy, which was a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I am a golfer from Murrieta. I don't really follow golf too closely. Do you like golf?
Yes, I love Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
That's a great one. Did you know he directed it?
Eric Bress is known for his children's movies, but he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
It is a fantasy movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You are welcome.
This is a thriller and crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It is a drama/thriller that was released in 1999.
I don't have any more information on that one at this time but I can tell you it is a crime drama.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
Young Adult films is a genre of young adult film. Some examples are Wicker Park, When You Reach Me and Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film starring Emma Watson and J.K. Simmons.
Jesse Jame and Jesse Jame are both in the movie.
I'm not sure about the new movie Bradley Cooper starred in but I can recommend another movie called You've Been Warned
Yes, he starred in The Hangover as well as The Legend of Tarzan
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and it is a science fiction/fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
The Dark Knight Rises if you haven't seen it yet. Do you like drama?
Are you interested in any other books by M.L. Stedman?
Sure! Do you like books by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Lullaby was written by Ted Hughes.
He's written great books. He also wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Curse and Lord of War.
No, I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Stephen Hunter
It's a movie based on a book by Gretchen Mol. Are you familiar with her?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
The Striped Pajamas was a great one.
Rocky is a drama film. Do you like it because it stars Sylvester Stallone?
You might want to try The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford. It was released in 1985.
It is a martial arts film and action film.
You're welcome.
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen and a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Then I'm going to recommend Under the Tuscan Sun if you like that.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome
I'm not familiar with him but I know he starred in The Clippers.
I am not a huge basketball fan but if Curry won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year Award. Do you like him?
Yes, I agree. I'm happy if they made it to the playoffs!
Oh wow, what's your favorite team?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon, and by Mark Haddon.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, was a great movie! Are you looking for more movies with the same actor?
Yes, it is the Godfather movie. Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is the movie, and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, Apocalypse Now is a great movie, as well as Apocalypse Now.
I do! She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Mask?
Of course. Other similar titles include Sense and Sensibility, The House of Mirth, and Lolita
I'm not sure. I'm sure you will like it.
It's a Parody. He also starred in Young Sherlock Holmes.
You are very welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Godfather and The King's Speech.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre young-adult fiction and fantasy. Do you like fiction books?
I don't know of any others. However, she wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Insomnia because it is a crime fiction?
I don't have any information on who starred in War, but The Perfect Storm is a psychological thriller and The Amityville horror. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure of the release date of that one. I can tell you it was a science fiction film that came out in 2012.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. He also starred in Donnie the Pooh.
Saving Grace was released in 2007.
Yes I do, I think she is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
Oh I see. I don't know much about tennis but I know Venus Williams is one of my favorite players. Do you know her?
Oh I see. I didn't know that. What sport does she play?
Yes, they are a National Football League team in the National Football Conference. Are you a fan of the National Football League?
Yeah, that is correct. I liked Tuesday night they were the runner-up in Super Bowl II. Have you seen it?
There's one more I believe called The End of the Affair, which is a book. Would you like to read it?
127 hours is a Thriller film. Other films that are similar include The Assassination of Jesse Jame and The Order.
127 Hours is a good one. You may also like You, Me and Dupree if you like James Franco.
Aside from being a writer, he was in a lot of other movies he was in, like Zombieland, The Incredible Hulk and The Titanic.
Yes, The Wrestler was written by Vince Vaughn and Christopher Nolan.
It's a drama
Your welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Are you a fan?
Oh, yeah, that's a very interesting sport to watch. Do you know if it was a sport?
I heard Yovraj Singh is a good player, he must be a good player
It's part of a series. The next in the series is The Abolition of Man. Have you read it?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia.
I believe it to be a drama. I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you it was a fantasy.
I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan
Are you a fan of the author, J.M. Barrie?
Sure. J.M. Barrie also wrote The Golden Compass.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the genre.
The author of The Sea Wolf is J.M. Barrie.
I'm not sure who wrote it but The Sea Wolf was released in 1904
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
I'm not sure but Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear.
I'm not sure but Eecbl is a genre in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is starring Kristen Connolly and Chris Hemsworth.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Steve Kloves and Robert De Niro.
Yes it is a Thriller and Mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Ok, I will add that to your list. Thanks!
Is it the movie starring Lauren Cohan and Henry Cavill
Did you enjoy that movie because it was a biography or a crime movie?
Sure he directed the sci-fi movie Armageddon: The Cosmic Battle of the Ages
Armageddon is also a film Sci-Fi. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie. It was released in 2006 and starred Ben Affleck and Morgan Freeman.
I recommend The Blind Side. It's a great crime fiction.
I recommend a couple of biographies. I think you might enjoy one called The Alchemist.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I only watch tennis during the World Cup but I do like Serena. What about you?
I have only seen her doubles, but I haven't watched any games this year. Can you tell me more about her?
It is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like them?
Certainly! Woman in Gold and The Proposal is a superhero film. Do you like superhero films?
I've seen The Other Boleyn Girl, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it a historical period drama?
Yes, It is a Mystery and Drama flick. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He also starred in this movie.
It was directed by Neil Gaiman. Do you like him?
Jada Pinkett Smith and James Brolin.
Prisoners was released in 2009.
Do you like the movie Superman Returns because of the action?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
that is a good movie. You've Got Mail is written by Randy Pausch, starring Ben Stiller and Diane Keaton.
Yes, Tom Hanks and Hanks star in that movie as well. Do you like him?
I'm sure you'll like it.
your welcome
Did you like the Deception Point because it was written by Dan Brown or because it is a thriller?
what else can i answer for you today?
what else can i answer for you today?
It is a great movie! I recommend X-Men: First Class or X-Men: Apocalypse.
Wonderful, I am sure you will enjoy it!
It is a drama with a mystery, suspense and mystery.
Ok, enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome.
Great, have a good day!
I do, Outlander is written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of his work?
I believe she also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure of any other information but I can tell you that the author is influenced by Gene Tierney.
I'm not sure of the second in the series but I can tell you that the first book is the second book.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Not really. I don't follow football much. What position does he play for?
I think they did. Did you know Ryan Gosling was also a midfielder?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He starred in I, Robot. I can recommend other movies he's in.
Mr. Pricklepants directed Wyatt Earp.
I love Madonna! She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away, have you seen them?
I like some of Madonna's music. She's a great singer and actress. What about you?
That's a great one! I like White Oleander. It's a Thriller too.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
Yeah, they are apart of the National Football League. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not a big fan of his. I do know that their current quarterback has a record label with the Jets, though.
He wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure, it is a horror/drama that was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Its a south korean boy band. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard of them, but I haven't heard of them. I haven't heard of them. Are they good?
Let me know if I can be of any more help to you with that. What kind of music do you like?
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about his movies?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers.
Yes, I think you're right! I know he is friends with Snoop Dogg, but I don't know what they are friends with Timbaland.
Yes, he did! It's a favorite of mine, it's a classic!
You're welcome!
She starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2001 and starred Marc John Jefferies. Do you like him?
It's a Thriller with a bit of drama and crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Do you like her?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a novel and speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
She's written The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and a crime fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay starred in a number of movies, including The Shadows, The Black Dahlia, and The Hunt for Red October. Are those appealing to you?
I don't think that is the same type of movie as Armageddon. I don't know much about the other type of movies from Bay. Do you like action movies?
That's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in Time Bandits.
Anything else I can help you with?
He is a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
Not really. I don't follow cricket too much. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, I do. I think he is a good player. What sport do you like?
I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
That's what made it so good! She was also in The Good Dinosaur. Have you seen it?
Are you looking for any other movies she was in?
No, I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it was released in 2010.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance?
It is a mystery genre. Are you into sci-fi?
Stan Lee was the author of many sci-fi films.
Jorja Fox starred in Memento. She's also in Memento. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jorja Fox wrote the movie Memento. She also starred in the movie 8 Mile.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is a science fiction movie. He also wrote the Dark Knight
Certainly, anything else I can help you with?
I do, they are a National Football League coached by Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They were the runner ups to the Super Bowl XXXVIII. I think they're doing well this year.
I don't think they are in the AFC West. I'm not sure about their quarterback.
He wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Are you looking for any particular genre?
I haven't read that one yet, but I've heard it's a good book.
I'm not sure about similar books, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris.
Deadpool is a superhero film. Some other great superhero films are Superman as well as Superman Returns. Have you seen those?
Timothy Dalton is one of the starring actors in that movie.
Deadpool was released in 2011. It's directed by David Schwimmer.
Sure, no problem!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I think he is a good football player, I really don't know much about him. What does he play for?
I like football and baseball. What team do you follow?
Wow, that's awesome. Thanks for the info!
Yes she is. I loved her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
No, I don't think he's a good actor.
No, I haven't. I think you'll enjoy it.
Step Brothers is a comedy, comedy, drama film. It was released in 2010.
John C.Reilly also wrote Catalyst, which is an animated film.
It was released in 2004. If you like Romantic comedy, this is the movie.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is considered a tragedy.
I believe that he is a composer/fantasy/fantasy.
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables just to name a few.
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012 and is a screenwriter.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team. Do you like them?
I don't know that, I think they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I've heard they were a runner up in Super Bowl XVII right?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of both actors?
I am a big fan of Rihanna. What is your favorite Rihanna song?
Battleship was a great film and also starred Seth Rogen who also starred in it.
Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter, musician and athlete. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers played cricket in the US. He was born in Mumbai and plays in the Indian Premier League.
I agree with you on that!
It's not one of my favorite movies, but it was written by Johnny Depp and stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he did, he also starred in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
No I have not. I think it was written by Hunter S. Thompson and starred James Frain.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
No problem. Another book in the same genre that you might enjoy is The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic has genre Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
Some similar movies are Zombieland, Yesterday Was A Lie
Yes, he was in the Origins of X-Men Origins: Wolverine, an action film released in 2011.
It's a great movie, some of the actors include Zoe Kravitz, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Rob Zombie
Some more adventure movies include X-Men: First Class and Wolverine
He has starred in a lot of action movies as well as X-Men: First Class
He wrote The Graveyard Book and Wizard and Glass
Yes, it is co-written by Stephen King. It's a horror novel.
Yes, that is a great book. I think he's also a great writer.
You're welcome!
Yes, what would you like to know about the Forrest Gump movie by Winston Groom?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is the Patriots. what about you?
I like him too, he's a forward
Yeah, they are going to make the playoffs this year
I'm not a huge fan of her, but I know she has an amazing voice. Did you know she was born in Benton Harbor?
I have never seen it, what is it about?
Anything else I can help you with? I think Sam Neeson was a great actor.
He's so talented! Have you heard of Desperado?
yes he was in Desperado. have you seen it?
I'm not sure what is it about. do you like it?
I would recommend The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
It's a coming of age story and was actually made into a movie starring William Bronte. Are you a fan of his?
I would also recommend Villette and The Professor. Have you read those?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and is a speculative fiction novel.
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you looking for other books by this author?
Of course, she also wrote Wintergirls and the Fifty Shades of Grey.
Last Night in Montreal is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you interested in his work?
Yes, I do. He also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction by John Irving, do you like Rick Graves?
Robert Jackson wrote Company Man. It is a crime fiction, do you like those genres?
Robert Jackson wrote it and it's a Time Machine too.
It was released 1595
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Two Weeks Notices and Two Weeks with My Brother.
I think you would like Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen any of those?
Yea, it's a very good movie. It was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her?
Of course, enjoy!
I have not read it. But I heard it was written by Jamie Ford
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2014. It's Songs of Willow Frost.
I think it's somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. You should give it a try.
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Just to name a few.
He starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
A Time to Kill is written by Josh Grisham. Do you like other books he wrote ?
Then you might also enjoy Into the Wild or The Sun Also Rises.
Are you interested in other books by him, J.K. Rowling?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. Tim Dolin also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Invisible Man.
He wrote the book 'The Picture of Dorian Gray: in 1891
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are very welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She wrote the whole harry potter series. Or I could find something based off the original.
it is a fantasy book
The Jungle Book and The Sea of Monsters
the genre is adventure fiction
your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Simmons wrote it, and it's a fantasy novel.
He wrote The Son of Sobek, have you read it?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Tombstone and The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like those movies?
He's also in I believe, but I don't know what else he's done, unfortunately.
Yes, it's a comedy, and also he wrote Air Force One.
You're right! I think you'll enjoy it, it's a great movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know he's from Oakland? He's a Point Guard.
I like to watch the Rockets, what about you?
He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. I think he's a good player.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
The House of the Seven Gables is an excellent book.
I know they are a K-pop band from South Korea. Are you a fan of their music?
I don't believe they are. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not a big fan of her, but I believe she's from South Korea.
It is a great book, I think you would like it if you like that genre.
It is a very old book but I think it is actually more of a drama genre, and was released in 1991.
I would recommend World Without End, it is a great book.
I'll try Undead and Unwed, another historical novel by Barbara Kingsolver that you might like.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
anything else i can answer?
you are ok have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Psychological Thriller. Do you like any of these genres?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind, which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
That book was written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and Madness at the Fair that Changed America
It is a comedy
You are very welcome
It's a great book! It was written by J. D. Salinger and released in 2007.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are highly recommended by him.
No problem.
I don't know much about football but I know he is from Argentina. What do you know about him?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 1994
Its a great movie, Anne Hathaway, and Nicholas Cage.
It's classified as a comedy and a drama. I think you'd like it too.
She wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are all three different genres.
Your welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They're coached by Mike McCarthy. They're a good team.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Hour I First Believed?
I Know This Much Is True is actually a film.
I haven't read that one yet, can you tell me more about it?
I do too. You are welcome
Well, I'm a Niner fan, sadly, so I'm not sure who they are doing this year. Who do you root for?
Not really, but the Jets are 4th in the AFC East this year.
I'm a New England Patriots fan so I'm not a huge football fan. But the Patriots are doing well this year.
Inside Out is a crime fiction, do you like that genre?
the movie was directed by Steven Spielberg, you might be interested in the movie.
I'm not sure of the year but I know it was written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in a friend with Miley Cyrus?
Yes, I like her as well, she is very talented. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Badminton?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that she is also starred in Zoe's Tale.
That is a good one! You should give it a watch. It's on Netflix.
Downfall is a young adult fiction film. It was released in 2010. Do you like those genres?
It's a war film, as well as a war film. I wouldn't recommend any others.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catcher in the Rye is a Speculative fiction.
I really don't know any other genre, but you might like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
Of course, anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a family drama. It's a great movie!
That's correct. He's also a writer and a screenwriter.
Yes. That's a great movie. You should check it out.
Correct! Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck it Ralph. That's a great movie.
Your welcome. Have a great day!
They are a football team in the AFC East. My favorite team is the Rams!
I like them too! Who do you think is going to the Super Bowl this year?
Tony Romo is friends with a lot of people! He is so talented!
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson starred in the Royal Tenenbaums. It was released in 2005. Have you seen it?
Yup, he did a minor role in the movie.
Justin Rose is a golfer from England. Are you a Golf fan?
I don't have any stats about him. I know he's also a golfer.
I don't know much about him. I think he's also a golfer from England.
I know she wrote The Waves, The Waves, and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Curse.
I don't have any information on anything else. But, I can tell you she wrote The Waves, and The Life and Death of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2016. It's considered a classic.
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans, I believe.
Yes, I like the Denver Nuggets, he is also a Point Guard.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, The Apostle, and The Devil Wears Prada. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is a comedy with a bit of drama and action. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh yes. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
He directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a biography.
It is a Tom Cruise action film.
Frances Mayes is a great author, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun was made into a movie, Under the Tuscan Sun.
Can I help you with anything else?
I don't know much about her other than she's a singer. What do you think?
Do you know if she is in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
She is also in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
I don't know much about them. Who are they coached by?
Me either, because I don't know him either. I think he's a pretty good athlete.
She also wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She's written a bunch of books in the genre of fantasy. Two of my favorites are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
It's pretty good if you're into Children's literature, but Shadowland is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Yes it is a great movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a romance film.
There's The Martian Chronicles, written by Tom Schulman.
Well, I'm unsure if there's anything else you would like to read?
You're welcome.
He's such a great actor. I think he's also a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Wedding Date?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote both The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Yes, it was made into a movie with a science ficition genre.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Gnomeo & Juliet.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Bourne Identity. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum (2000) and The Scarlatti Inheritance Cycle : Part of series: The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity : : Part of
The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Part of series: The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Kate & Leopold and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, it is a great movie, with a great cast. Did you know it was released in 1999?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Johnny Cash won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Director.
The only Romance movie I can recommend is Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
World Without End is another book written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Okay, great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a crime drama
He starred in the movie Spud.
It's a good one. Stephen Baldwin and Joel Coen star in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
The Return of a Man Called Horse was written by John Kreshner and stars William Hurt and Zach Galifianakis.
You're welcome!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys, The Other Guys, The Hangover, The Other Guys and The Other Guys.
The Other Guys is starring Rob Riggle. He's also starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Campaign.
The Other Guys was released in 1995 and is starring Will Ferrell
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, The Civil War and The Civil War.
You're right. Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption too.
Yes he is. He was also in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is an Indie film and crime fiction film.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Interesting. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Aviator.
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight.
Yes James Cameron did. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is in the genre of Romance Film. Is that what you are looking for?
Well, 50/50 starred in the movie, 50/50, have you heard of it?
Not yet, but I will check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Don't mention it
Yes, they are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Well, it seems like they are a good team. Did you know they won the World Fantasy Award?
I haven't. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in it?
Yes, I do. Have you read the book or read the book The Little House Collection?
These Long Winter is a novel with a romance theme. Do you want to know more?
If you like historical fiction, you should give The Long Winter a try.
Sure thing. I'm sure you'll enjoy it now.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
I do too, would you like me to add it to your list?
Another book written by Erik Larson is Inheritance. I would recommend that one.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other plays. But, I'm sorry.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a science fiction/fantasy book.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog and The Pacifier. Are you a fan of animated films?
Jim Belushi starred in Underdog, and Jay Leno also starred in The Mists of the Planet of the Apes.
It was released in 2003. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Samuel L Jackson, Melinda Clarke, and Anne Hathaway
Zodiac is a romance movie, have you seen it?
The movie was directed by Lana Wachowski
It was released in 2011.
You're welcome
Sure, some movies she's been in are The Lorax, The Second Civil War, The White Countess, The Snows of Kilimanjaro
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes, it is. He's one of my favorite players.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcoa is a Midfielder as well.
No, I don't but he's also from Columbia born in Bogotá.
Will Smith of course! That is a good movie.
Yeardley Smith and Yeardley Smith starred in As Good as It Gets.
That movie was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery. Do you enjoy this genre?
It was released in 1999
You're welcome
I'm not a big football fan, I'm not much of a football fan. Are you?
I'm not sure who owns the team but I know they're owned by J. D. Salinger
I am more of a Dallas Cowboy fan. What about you?
Certainly, she plays badminton, played badminton and was born in Mumbai. Did you know she also plays badminton?
He did! That was the year that the 2012 Olympics where she competed against Oscar De La Hoya.
My favorite sport is Football. Do you have a favorite sport?
He was actually born in Rochester, the United States of America.
You're very welcome!
Nicholas Sparks is a great author. He wrote Two By Two, True Believer and The Notebook.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He co-wrote Two by Two.
Yes, he was a screenwriter as well.
He is a comedian who was in the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
You are most welcome. Take care!
Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary
Reservoir Dogs is a sequel. Reservoir Dogs is another good sequel.
Uma Thurman starred in it. She was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed Grindhouse.
Sin City is a Thriller
Gentlemen Broncos starred in Wilde Salome, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
No problem!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, it was actually made into a movie. Have you seen it?
The Kite Runner is a romance film. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
Sure, enjoy!
I don't have any information on Christina Lamb, but I can tell you she is a writer, poet, and author.
Yes, he did. It's a speculative fiction novel.
That's a good choice. Did you know he directed The Pilgrimage?
peter pan
I'm not sure but I can tell you that it is a drama.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a novel.
The Great Gatsby was released on 2015.
The Painted Veil, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button are some other books in the same genre.
It was written by John Irving, but I don't have any other information on the author.
It was released in 1925. I'm not sure what year it was released.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin.
Jane Eyre is a fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like fiction books?
Sure, Villette and The Professor are some of her other works.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction Novel. It's similar to Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever. Are you interested in either of those books?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
Sure, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Did you know he also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man?
That was a great movie. Some of the actors include Rupert Everett and Steve Kloves.
Great! You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a huge fan of him. He is a musician and athlete. Are you a fan?
Are you a fan? I don't really watch cricket often.
No. I'm not a big fan.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Rupert Everett.
Glad I could help
You are welcome.
Yes it is a great comedy! Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I recommend The Emperoro's New Groove. It is a great movie.
The Princess and the Frog is a fantasy movie. I think you would like it.
I will have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
White Fang and White Fang are two other great fiction books.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
Walking Disaster was a great book! Did you know she also wrote Beautiful Oblivion?
I'd recommend Beautiful Sacrifice, if you're interested in other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Enjoy the book!
She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like Jennifer Lawrence?
Yes he was, he was also in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy that was produced by Jon Roach
You are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a pretty good team. Who do you root for?
Bears are having a heck of a season. My team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
That's very cool. I'm not a Cowboy fan so I hope they win the Superbowl.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is similar.
You might like The Gathering Storm, The Sentinel or The Republic of Love.
Besides Bob Thornton, it also starred Rosemary Wells and Rachel Griffiths.
I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great singer. I don't even know if he was in a movie too. I think he is a friend with a cousin called Ben Stiller. What about you?
I do too! I like Nicolas Sparks too. He's a great actor.
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you want to read more by Sparks?
The Lucky One is a drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in other books by him?
The Notebook was made into a movie. I believe that was made into a movie too.
You're welcome
I don't know much about Jean-Marc Vallée but I do know that she starred in The Young Princess and the Frog. Do you like thrillers?
Well, it's a drama, and a crime fiction, so I would say its more of a drama and action film.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Jean-Marc Vallée is also in it.
Okay, ok. I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help you with
I'm not sure what else she's in, but I sure do.
Ok, will do.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. What do you like about him?
I think the Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who starred in this movie
Fast & Furious starred Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez.
You're welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a War film?
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks, he also directed Return of the Jedi.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. Have you seen it?
He also starred in Wedding Belles, Rebecca Hall, and Rupert Graves.
Did you know he was influenced by Samuel L. Jackson?
You're welcome.
Do you like Cat's Cradle because it is speculative fiction or because it is science fiction?
I'm afraid I don't know about that. Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Sirens of Titan.
Yes. The Perks of Being a Wallflower is an autobiography that was released in 1961.
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know that. What type of sport do you like?
Oh wow! I didn't know that. That's a great information.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information but did you know Sam Smith starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits?
yes that is true, do you any other people?
I'm not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that, I did know that. Are you a fan of the New York Yankees?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact. I'm more of a Bears fan myself.
Yes, he wrote In Good Company and The Golden Compass. Are you familiar with either of those?
That movie was hilarious. Chris Weitz starred in it as well. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is produced by Warren Ziegel. Have you seen it?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I did. Didn't it star Robert Downey Jr.?
He was in Zodiac. Did you know he was also an actor?
Oh yeah. That's one of my favorite movies. Did you know he was also in The Dark Knight?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team! I don't follow international sports, but I know if they are a good team.
Oh wow! I didn't know that. I'm a big fan of Jada Pinkett Smith. I love her!
Oh, great! I didn't know that. I'm a big fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, it was actually the same year as The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on similar authors. However, I can tell you that Madame Bovary is also a romance novel.
I'm always glad to help.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and it's a Drama. Have you seen it?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Usual Suspects
Yeah, she is definitely a talented tennis player but did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Yeah, she's a very good tennis player but I think she lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Good Deeds is probably one of my favorite romantic comedies, did you know she is also a model?
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
I don't have that information, but he wrote X-Men: First Class
All The Money in the World was starring Charlize Theron and Johnny Depp
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
You are welcome
Shakira hasn't released a new album, have you heard of her?
Oprah Winfrey, Rachel McAdams, and Ikira Amano are some of the actors in that movie.
Shakira won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
I love Coraline! It was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a Horror film.
Coraline is a genre Thriller and Speculative Fiction as well as a writer and a film director.
The Manchurian Candidate directed by Neil Gaiman is similar. He also directed Reign of Fire.
Wicked City is a speculative fiction novel written by Christopher Paolini.
Margaret Atwood is a Canadian poet born in Ottawa. She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. It is a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
He sure is, Wilson Rawls is the author of this book.
It was released in 1971
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's a romance?
I'm not sure if it was a Romance novel, but I can recommend something else if you're interested.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on another author but I can tell you that The Choice is a romantic novel.
You're welcome!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick.
That's right. It was the same year that The House of the Seven Gables was released.
You're very welcome
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go,Dog Go!
Yes, A Fish Out of Water is considered Children's Literature as well as children's literaturee.
Yes, he did. There was also a movie, Go, Go, Go.
Sure, he wrote Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, and Jurassic Park.
Surviving Picasso is a satire and biography, do you like those genres?
Some of the actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Anne Hathaway, Smilla's Sense of Snow and Roger Avary
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is. It is a historical period drama. Do you enjoy those?
You're welcome
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance is a drama starring James Franco. He also starred in The Green Mile, which is a great movie.
It is a drama film.
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy. It is of Historical fiction genre. Do you want to know more about this genre?
I am not sure about that
Troy is a crime movie and Mrs Smith is in the genre of War
Eddie Redmayne and James Coburn
your welcome
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do those sound good?
He starred in the movie What's Up, Tiger Lily. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the movies!
I don't really follow soccer, but I know she has won a Grammy for Best Player of the Year award.
Would you be interested in the movie because its a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
He is similar to Philip Pullman, he wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
I don't know of any others. I know he wrote a book called The Subtle Knight.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
Die Verwandlung is a genre fantasy and Thriller. Do you like fantasy genre?
I haven't seen it but I know that it's written by Rick Riordan
I'm not sure about that, I know Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. He's a great actor.
Yes, Linus Roache is also in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, he was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming.
I'm not sure who the cast is but it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming.
It was released in 2011.
Yes, it was.
Sure, you're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
The most popular sci-fi films are: Zombieland, The Transporter, and Return of the Living Dead.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Charlize Theron has starred in The Burning Plain, you might like that .
Taxi Driver is starring Charlize Theron and Bill Murray and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Taxi Driver is a 1998 crime drama film directed by Gary Foster and produced by Bruce Miller. Would you like more recommendations?
Some of the others you may like include X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pillars of the Earth is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like those genres?
It's a film in the genre of historical period drama and was released in 1960.
Sure, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote. Are you interested in that type of book?
Perhaps the most famous would be The Diary of a Young Girl, The Return of the King or The Diary of a Young Girl.
The Diary of a Young Girl was released in 2001. It's considered an autobiography.
Ok, I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Richard Portnow.
He has starred in Step Brothers, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a great movie! Enjoy!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated movie.
Oh yes, if you like that one, you might also enjoy Tropic Thunder. It was written by Chris Buck.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, and The Da Vinci Code. Would either of them interest you?
Yes, he directed This Means War and it was released in 2006.
It is, the movie is a comedy about football. Stephen Curry is in it, and he is really funny.
I am not sure who wrote Angelo Pizzo, but it was released in 1999.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a National Football League coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano. Do you like Football?
He did! He's one of the best Quarterbackers of all time!
Have a great day!
All I really know is she's really good
I'm a huge volleyball fan. What sport do you like?
I'm a New England Patriots fan. I like the New England Patriots.
Sure. Do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction or because it is a crime fiction?
Yes, you are correct.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. I can recommend V for Vendetta if you like her.
V for Vendetta is starring Natalie Portman, Stephen Fry, Roger Allam and Stephen Fry to name a few.
V for Vendetta is a drama. It is a romance genre.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Redeemed and Tintenblut.
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Novel of the Vanderbilts, and The Last Hero.
Cinderella is a Thriller.
King Kong Kong movie starred Scarlett Johansson and was released in 2005.
Naomi Watts has starred in The House of Seven Gables and The Second Civil War.
Its a great movie! It was written by Ron Nyswaner, who also wrote The Painted Veil.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
It's more of a drama and a biography genre. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, she wrote the Matrix Revolutions: How to Train Your Dragon as well.
He's a singer, song writer, and a musician as well. He was born in Bogota.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern
He is also a musician and a historian
I apologize, I don't have that information
Did you know he produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She played on Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm not sure but Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released 1958
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a audio copy
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, and is a crime drama.
It's a crime movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Woody Herman wrote the Martian Chronicles. It was released in 1942.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Oakland Raiders? I think Mike Shanahan is the owner of the Redskins.
Yes, it is, and it's a great sport, as well as a comedy. Do you like any other sports?
Have you seen any movies in the series - The Fault in Our Stars?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good book. It was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like to read either of those?
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Rob Zombie and Ryan Gosling are some of the starring actors in the film.
He's been in The Good German, which is a thriller. He also starred in The Green Mile, which is a really good film!
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
He wrote Watchmen which is a fantasy film. He also directed V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta was released in 2010. It's a science fiction, thriller.
You're welcome!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
It's more of a Gothic Fiction book. If you're interested in more Gothic fiction, this's a book for you.
It's a great book! Hope you enjoy it.
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and Bernie Wrightson. Do you like Eye of the World because of the suspense genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It was released in 2001 and its a great book.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and the genre is speculative fiction.
Vampire Academy is a genre of Fantasy and Speculative fiction.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you interested in either of those?
That's a good one. Leo wrote it too. If you're interested in other works by Dickens, Dickens and Dickens.
Yes, that is a historical period drama. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, it was. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Great, have a great day!
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard just to name a few.
That's correct. Peter Segal had the lead role in The Longest Yard.
Adam Sandler was the lead role. Are you a fan of Adam Sandler?
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. J.K Rowling was the author
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
It has a genre of Historical period drama, as well as Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. J.K. Rowling is the author of the book Harry Potter series.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2011. It's considered a satire.
Yes. Anything else I can help you with?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/mystery movie. I think it was released in 2011.
Have you seen Scream 4. It is a crime drama film.
You're welcome.
He plays soccer for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan but I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a soccer fan?
No problem. Have a great day!
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his books?
It's genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might like murder mystery. It's a thriller and it's very funny.
That's a great murder mystery, I highly recommend it.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, Do you enjoy his books or his genre ?
Persuasion was written by Stephen King. Would you like to read more books by him?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and stars Samuel L Jackson. It is a crime fiction, do you like those genres?
Yes, she starred in it, along with Michael Clarke.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey wrote it and acted in it, too.
He's a great tennis player but I don't think he's as good as Roger Federer.
I watch a lot about tennis, but I don't watch any match. What sports do you like?
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I hear he is very talented, what is your favorite sport?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are two other family books
I have not read any of her book, but I heard The Giving Tree was a great book.
He wrote the book Twilight. Twisted is one of my favorites.
The River is a drama and Hatchet is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both thrillers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum. Do you want to know about other movies he directed?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale star in that movie.
I don't, but I can tell you that Shawnee LaMarr produced Real Steel.
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who wrote The Wind and the Lion.
The Usual Suspects is a good one. You may want to check it out sometimes.
Anything else I can help you with?
X-Men 2 and World War Z are two of my favorites.
He's a great soccer player from England. Did you know he plays the forward position?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker is an author, she wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Are you interested in speculative fiction novels?
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Water-Method Man, and The Fourth Hand. Would you like to know more about any of these?
You're welcome.
He is one of the best player in Barcelona! He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
No I did not. What position does he play for?
Bojan Kron is a soccer player from Barcelona. Are you a fan of soccer?
No I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. Did you read it?
Its a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote The Selection and The Prince & The Guard?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The One, and The One.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Guard.
The film was produced by Mace Neufeld.
His genre is a rock. Do you like music?
Sure, do you like Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network, The Other Boleyn Girl, and The Guilt Trip.
I'm not sure of the release date of The Hummingbird Project. Are you a fan of dramas?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, you can try The Path Between the Sea. It is a very good book.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Steven Spielberg, and starred Morgan Freeman, and Robert Downey Jr.
He's been in a lot of movies. My favorite is The Bone Collector. Have you seen it?
Yes, he sure did.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite authors. If you haven't read it I recommend it.
She also wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a Fantasy film.
Sure, Aladdin was released in 2010 and stars Thomas Lennon. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or The Lion King, another Disney movie.
The Lion King came out in 2011. It's considered a Fantasy, Action, and Adventure film.
Sure, no problem!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and The Sun Also Rises.
Have you read the Sun Also Rises or For Whom the Bell Tolls?
The Old Man and the Sea was released 1929.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I know that Drew Brees is a quarterback and he is from Santo António. Do you like him?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I think he is a great player and I also like Caddyshack.
yes i also like Young Buck what about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
It's a Romantic film, as is White Oleander. Do you like those genres?
It's a coming of age, fantasy, and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
That's a great book! Did you know he also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader?
Sure, will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor who has starred in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
I know they are a basketball team. I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
Oh! No, I've never been there. Are you a football fan?
Oh that's a great one too, I really loved Caddyshack, have you seen it?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
The Lady & Sons Savannah was published in 1997.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Are you referring to the director of the movie I Men In Black? I don't know much about it.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was released in 2012.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great soccer player, do you like soccer?
I didn't know that. I think he was from Germany. Do you like his stats?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know he's from Germany.
I agree. He has a good stats like he plays for the Germany national football team.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also directed this movie.
Well, Rango was directed by Gore Verbinski. He also directed The Mexican if that appeals to you.
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige is a horror film.
Yes. The Prestige was directed by Jonathan Nolan
Memento stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale.
Thomas Lennon starred in Eight Mortal Ladies Possessed which was released in 2014.
You are welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It is considered both speculative fiction and fantasy.
Some other speculative fiction books are Ozma of Oz and Wizard of Oz.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon.
The Secret Life of Bees is another great one. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
I think it's the latest one, but I'm not sure who the latest movie is, but I remember it came out in 2019.
Hmmm, I'm not sure. But I know The Holiday was released in 2005 and starred Selena Gomez who is a great actor.
It is a drama/thriller.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great one.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
WALLE is a great science fiction movie, starring Zach Galifianakis and Jeff Bridges. Do you like sci-fi?
SALLE is a great one. But if you liked it I recommend X-Men: The Last Stand.
I don't know much about the last stand but I know it was written by Hugh Jackman.
Yes- State of the Union is a great movie.
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
That's an oldie but I don't know.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, It comes under Young-adult fiction genre and Children's literature genre
I don't know much about this book, but you might also like The Truth About Forever and The Nut Job. Are you familiar with these?
Of course, some other young-adult fiction examples include Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's a children's literature but is considered children's literature.
It is written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but what can you tell me about it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi. It's a thriller starring George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is former captain of the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan of football. I don't watch much of the football game, what about you?
I don't know much about SC Freiburg, I don't know if he is a good player. Is he a good player?
He has starred in several movies including The Stuff, The Rocketeer and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read it?
It is considered children's literature, fiction, and speculative fiction.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can add both to your reading list.
Snow Flower
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is a Fiction Novel.
I know that it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Okay, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was written by Robert Rodriguez.
It was released in 1999 and directed by Sergio Leone.
Sure, it is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes, have you heard of this one?
It is a paranormal romance as well as a children's literature.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
I love Michael Parks, he wrote Wicked which is a Thriller and Sherlock Holmes. Do those sound interesting?
Wicked is a Thriller and was released in 2011. I don't have much information on the genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Yes, he wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Oh, yes, He's a great author. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was released in 1975. I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
He's alright. I don't know anything about him, either. He's a point guard for the Boston Red Sox.
Yeah Ghostbusters was funny. It was a funny movie. Do you like any of them?
Yes he did. It's a great movie. Especially if you'd like to learn more about him.
He starred in The Skulls.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who was in The Fast and the Furious.
That's a great movie! I highly recommend A Man Apart.
You're welcome!
He's also written Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Winter of our Discontent. Would you like to know more?
He's a great author! He wrote What Happens In Vegas. Do you like his work?
Yes he did. He also starred in Water for Elephants.
No, I'm not a huge fan of what Lies Beneath as well but it is a drama film.
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm sure about it, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan so I'm sure they're doing well this season.
I'm not a fan of action thrillers but I do watch the movies Larry Bird and the Giants.
Some similar books are Salt to the Sea and Life After Life
I'm sure it was Circling the Sun when she was younger, but I'm sure you'll like it. Circling the Sun was pretty good.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Eraserhead is starring Holly Hunter. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller/ drama. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars was directed by Josh Boone. Did you know he is also an athlete?
That's right! He's such a great actor! He's also known for The Fault in Our Stars, but he also directed The Fault in Our Stars, too.
It is a young-adult fiction. It is considered a drama and a biography.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
It was written by Roland Emmerich and was released in 1999.
Yes it is the screenwriter of We Were Soldiers.
Great. I'm glad I could help.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Other books you might like are The Once and Future King or The Android's Dream.
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, and The Vampire Lovers. Would you like to know more?
Rick Riordan wrote it. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in Zero Dark Thirty, The Men Who stare at Goats, and Top Gun. Would you like to see any of those?
It's a comedy starring Robert Duvall and J.K. Simmons. Do you like those actors?
Tom Wilkinson wrote it. He's a very good actor.
OK, anything else I can help you with?
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a few.
The Running Man is a war/action film, do you like any of those genres?
Some other action movies I recommend are World War Z, White Squall, and War of the Worlds
You are welcome, goodbye.
I know it is written by J. R.R. Tolkien and stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo, which are also young adult fiction novels.
Crescendo is a young adult novel by Richelle Mead in 2011.
You are very welcome!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir.
The Glass Castle was released in 2005. It's a memoir.
It is a memoir that was released in 2005
Your welcome.
Sure! John Carpenter directed Red Riding Hood. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
I'm not sure about that one, but Kurt Russell also starred in it.
Yes! Do you like self-help books?
I don't have any similar authors but I do know that Byrne was influenced by Sean Byrne and Neill Blomkamp.
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 1999, and The Cat in the Hat.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was written by Andrew Niccol and was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Your Friend the Rat is a war film that was released in 2007.
You are welcome and have a great day!
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze.
The BFG is a family friendly film and very funny as well. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
Still Alice was written by Still Alice. It's a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
Did you know that he is also a director?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
It is! I hope you enjoy it.
Mark Haddon is a writer and a film director. He wrote the books, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Red Tent.
Yes, they adapted it into a film which was released in 2015.
Yes he did it was directed by Oren Moverman.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Here Comes the Boom, have you read it? Frank Coraci starred in one of his movies.
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Kevin James also starred in it.
Yes, it is a comedy. It's a great movie.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Walk Upon a Time in the West are some of the others you might like.
Veronica Cartwler is the star of the movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he's a speculative fiction writer, but I don't know much about him. Do you like his work?
The Order was released in 1990.
It's a great movie. Some of my favorite actors include Katharine McPhee, Samuel L Jackson, and Marcia DeBonis
You are welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks and Leonardo DiCaprio.
I don't have any other information about movies. However, I can tell you that Michael Lewis also wrote The Blind Side and starred in this movie.
Money Ball is a comedy action film directed by Roland Emmerich and starring Johnny Depp.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and City of Fallen Angels. Do you enjoy these books?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex because it was written by Scott Westerfeld.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he directed Children's Literature and Speculative fiction.
Yes, he did direct all of the Harry Potter movies.
It is a young-adult fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C. S. Lewis in 1952. Do you like her?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine. Did you know he is also a musician?
Yes, I've heard about that. I don't really know what he is.
Yes, he is great. I'm also a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
Do you know if he has a song in it, or do you like the Beatles?
Great! Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a novel that was released in 2011. It's considered a Romance Novel.
Sure, downloading it now.
Yes, Rihanna is very talented. She wrote Rihanna which is a slasher song. Do you like that genre?
Oh that's a great song. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like fantasy films?
You may want to try Undead and Unwed, by Jeffery Deaver. It's a historical period drama.
It's a romantic comedy, but it's more of a drama.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Mockingjay is an author who wrote a lot of books. Would you like me to recommend some of them?
I have The Handmaid's Tale, The Bonfire of the Vanities, and The Life and Death of Peter Sellers.
Yes, that is correct.
He is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Detroit Pistons. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in a film called Little Miss Sunshine?
No, I don't think I have that version of Elizabeth. It is a biographical film and was directed by David Fincher.
It's considered a historical period drama but I'm not sure if it's the familiar.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
The Wedding Date is also a book by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 1595
Yes, that was made into a movie. I think it was directed by Nicholas Sparks, who also directed it.
One with My Brother is a good book, I think you would like it.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Revolutions.
He was in The Man of Steel: The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Nightingale
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you she starred in The Mists of Avalon.
Tom Everett directed it, he's a great director.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he has directed many great films. I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, Resident Evil: Apocalypse
Yes it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
He hasn't acted in any movie this year.
Happy to help
I hope you enjoy it.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't but I know it was released in that year.
He also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2011. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel is a family drama film. Do you like drama films?
Jamaica Inn was released in 1946.
Your welcome.
They are a National Football League in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles. How about you?
That's a great place to visit Lambeau Field. have you been there?
Jeremy Renner is my fav player. do you like him?
He is a good coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
I think Mike Tomlin is the coach for the San Francisco 49ers.
Yes, I am a huge fan! Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to know anything else?
She's a really talented singer. Did you know she's also a musician?
American Idol is a great movie. It starred Matt Damon and Josh Hartnett, did you watch it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Kelly Clarkson starred in The Hogs, which is a comedy.
I didn't know she is a doll in it, but I think it was released in 1999.
Sure, Rudy is a Thriller, which is starring Joseph Sikora. Do you like Thrillers?
The Watcher is a thriller and The Watcher is starring Michael Pena. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did star in The Watcher. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes is a great author. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Would you like to know more about any other poets? I know she is from San Francisco.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it was released in 2014 and is written by St. John Mandel and was released. Are you a fan of the author?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby and Sula
Its a novel
You might like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters
Enter's Game was written by Tani Morrison
You are very welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Vargas and Dwayne Johnson. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
Yes he was in The Walt Disney Company. Do you like animation movies?
Andrew Stanton was in Toy Story 3. He is a great actor.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, he also wrote "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Gatsby."
You are very welcome!
He is a great writer! He wrote Playing For Keeps. Have you read it?
It's a Romance film. Did you like it?
It was released in 2010.
Sure, play it now.
I have not, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Thekla Reuten also starred in it and the movie was released in 1997.
Yes, Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt was written by Martin McDonagh.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote In Good Company, The Golden Compass, and The Golden Compass. Would you like more information about one of these?
He's great! He also directed the comedy American Pie, which was released in 1999.
No, I haven't seen it. Are you familiar with Tom Hanks in it?
He directed both "The Godfather" and "The Civil War."
The Nightingale is a speculative fiction book written by Philip Pullman. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, she wrote Winter's Tale, which is a Children's Literature. Do you want to read it?
It was released in 1999 and is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance novels?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I don't have much information on it but on his acting side I know he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and it's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Of course, it is a Romance Film, have you seen it?
I don't believe they are both children's literature that were written by Theodore Lesieg as well.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories was written by Margaret Atwood.
You're welcome!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
I don't think I have ever seen her in The Longest Ride. Are you familiar with her?
If you like Tiago Riani, the Longest Ride is a romantic comedy, and he also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes it is a romantic comedy and he also starred in The Longest Ride.
I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think you might like those.
You are welcome.
I like the St Louis Cardinals, but I don't have a favorite team. Do you have a favorite team?
Well, from what I can tell, I grew up watching him on TV. Have you seen any of the other movies like Lakers or any of them?
Did you know that the Los Angeles Lakers have a basketball team?
Larissa wrote books in рат и овести, ести, ести, ести, ести, ести, ес.
I don't have that information but he wrote Paccka3Bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
No problem, I am glad to help.
Sure! Did you enjoy The Notebook because it was a Romance novel?
Then I would recommend Post-Apocalyptic fiction, I think you would like that one.
I'm not sure about that. I'm sure you'll like it.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know that he is a very good player as well.
That's great. Did you know Pete Rozold also died of a brain tumor?
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar.
Your welcome.
Yes, The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013.
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a crime fiction novel. Are you interested in any of those genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in the movies The Pacifier, Yellow Submarine and Vanishing Acts
Yep. Reno 911 is on it, and it was released in 2007.
Yes, you're right. I like crime fiction. Have you seen Zodiac? It's one of my favorite movies.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Jack London or because it was a Romance novel?
Did you enjoy that book because it was a Romance or Historical period drama?
Little House on the Prairie is a House on the Prairies and Little House on the Prairie is a Historical period drama. I am not sure of this but i can tell you more about this book
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I didn't know that. What is that about?
I didn't know that. What sport does she play? I remember when she lost to Venus.
The Lost Symbol is a classic seller and a great seller. Would you like to know who else was in it?
That is a good movie. Ron Howard also directed The Assassination of Jesse Jame which is a romance film.
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno, it is a thriller.
He produced The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Yes, there is a similar one called The Da Vinci Code which is also written by Ron Howard
You're welcome
Yes, Hugh Jackman directed it. Do you like his work?
It's a crime fiction, similar to X-Men: First Class.
I don't know any other movie by the same author, but you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie.
Yes, that is a great movie! Did you know Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men: First Class?
Tim Dolin is famous for writing Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a great book. It was released in 1891 in English.
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891.
Ricky Yancey is an author who wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
It was written by Gareth Stedman, F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a graphic novel.
You are welcome, Enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. what do you like about it
Thomas Lennon also starred in Warcraft and The Sensation of the Light.
I agree, I think you will enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote The Taming of the Sword.
Ok, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wild Hogs.
The New World was written by Tony Tanner and stars William Hurt and Jack Nicholson.
You're welcome.
Did you know that the Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks?
He's written a lot of books. But, he wrote The Wedding Planner and The Wedding Planner.
Ok, have a good one!
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, kpop, and contemporary R &B.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is actually a movie. Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it was a comedy or a crime movie?
It's a science fiction, mystery, and adventure film directed by David Ayer.
Your welcome.
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. J.K Rowling was the author
The book has a genre of Historical period drama and crime fiction. Are you interested in those types of books?
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
That's a great sport, did you know he also play tennis?
Robert Duvall starred in Shrek the Third, The Apostle, and the Apostle. He also starred in Shrek the Third.
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was published in 1997.
You are most welcome!
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
There are so many great children's literature! White Fang and White Fang are a few of my favorites.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you he's very good as the author.
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are a soccer team. Are you a soccer fan?
I do! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like any of these books?
It was directed by Matt Reeves. Are you interested in other films by him?
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, some other actors starred in the film include Stan Lee and Thor
Absolutely, have a great day!
It was written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman.
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III.
He also directed Captain America: The First Avenger, starring Chris Evans. You might enjoy that one.
Yes he starred in it as well as Helmut Bakaitis.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I am not sure about that. But it is a suspense/mystery novel.
That one was released in 2015. That was the same year as Dark Places.
I do, it's written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Cold Blood is a drama. It was directed by Truman Capote.
Sure, do you like it because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
It's a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Robin Williams and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
Certainly, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classics Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, and The Last Hero. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it's a vampire series that was made into a movie as well as a movie. Do you like books in that genre?
I don't think that's the same, but if you're interested in books by her, she wrote The Chemist.
You're very welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Have you seen that one?
It's a psychological thriller that was released in 2011
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a drama. Do you like the author or genre?
It's a drama about a young man living in a desert.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
He is a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't like Golf, but I know he is from Murrieta. Who is in that movie?
I love Julie Bowen! I think she was in a movie called Jumanji, have you seen it?
Sure, she wrote The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others. Do any of those interest you?
Shailene Woodley and Damian Lewis were the main actors.
It is a family comedy. Do you like those genres?
That's a young-adult fiction by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2014.
Ricky Yancey also wrote The Last Star, which was released in 2016.
He also wrote The Last Star, which was released in 2016.
Check out The Mysteries as well. It is a mystery but I think you might like it.
No problem, hope you enjoy.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
I agree! She's one of my favorites. I'm a fan of Ozzy Osbourne or Metallica! What are your favorites?
I didn't know she was in that movie, but I remember watching her in Friends with Benefits. I wonder if she was in it, as well.
He's a great writer! He's written X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Waiting to Exhale and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Ryan Reynolds and stars Hugh Jackman.
He is in a lot of movies. I liked Ryan Reynolds in The Proposal.
Great. I'm glad I could help.
I do too! Do you like him as an actor or singer?
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like her?
Yeah, he is very talented and he is also a model too.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Yes he was, he was in it as well as starred in it.
He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Chronicles of Riddick
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grownup and it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes he did and it was directed by Steve Kloves.
You are welcome!
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Uruguay national team.
That was released in 1599 and was written by Victor Hugo. Would you like to know more about Victor?
It's a Gothic Fiction book, but I don't think it was.
Cool, Then I suggest you watch it again.
You're welcome!
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
I don't know too much about her, but I know she is a singer, song writer, and a musician.
No I don't. What's your favorite song he composed?
Yea, he's also done Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge of Tomorrow.
Bobby and Paul is a comedy-drama, a crime fiction film.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's also a film. Tom Everett and James Coburn starred in it.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I know they are a team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Rams!
They are currently in 2nd place with the AFC North division. I'm not sure who they are doing this season. I don't follow them too much this year.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they won the Superbowl XXXVIII.
Isaiah Thomas played a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
I didn't know Space Jam was a good one. I don't like it either.
It was written by William Shakespeare. Have you read any of his other works?
It was released in 1600.
Have a great day!
She is a tennis player and she competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
I am not sure about Serena Williams, but I know she doesn't win as many matches as her sister Serena Williams.
I didn't see that one. I think she must be pretty good at whatever happened to Venus and Serena supposedly lost to Venus.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
He coached the New England Patriots, but I don't think he also coached the Denver Broncos.
It was the year they won Super Bowl XVII, I believe.
Yes, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Jeter.
That was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller and a horror novel.
Zombieland, X-Men 2 and World War Z are some of my favorites.
Stephenie Meyer and Stephenie Meyer are in it.
Sure, ordering it now.
There is a movie based on J.K. Rowling's the original. Do you like Harry Potter?
The movie was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote The One Moved My Cheese, which was released in 1981.
It's a non-fiction book released in 2008.
Your welcome.
Yes, Fountainhead is written by Terry Pratchett
She did write We the Living, which was released in 1942.
You are very welcome. Take care!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Invisible Man, The House of Doctor Parnassus are some of the books written by Bram Stoker. Did you know that?
I'm not sure who wrote that one, but Bram Stoker did write Dracula.
He stared in The Girl Next Door and also in The Fault in Our Stars.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun that was released in 2002. What else can I do for you today?
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you that it was released in 1998 and is in English.
No problem, I am glad that I could help.
A mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like me to recommend other movies similar to it?
Yes she did and she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Yes, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Al Pacino, Robert De Niro and Marlon Brando
I like Kevin Spacey, he also starred in I Spy. I think you might like that one as well.
He was in the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm having trouble finding that information, but it is related to Kevin Spacey. Michael Byrne also starred in The Godfather.
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like them?
It is in the English language. Seamus Heaney also wrote a version of it.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Terminator, The Order, and Lionheart. Do you like his movies?
He starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Lionheart is written and directed by Roland Emmerich and it is a Fantasy movie.
It also starred Jason Statham and Brad Pitt. Are you familiar with them?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Philosopher's Stone, and The Cider House Rules are some of the other actors.
You are most welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Six Shooter is starring Jason Statham and Matt Dillon.
Seven Psychopaths is considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
I agree with you! He's a great shooting guard for the LA Lakers.
I watch it a little, what is your favorite team?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Times Best Seller list. I think he did a good job this year.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is a series of movies. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he is, he is the program creator for Superman Returns. Do you like his movies?
I don't see any of his other series, but he did write Valkyrie which is also a horror film
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
That was released in 2013. Are you interested in seeing more Graeme Simsion movies?
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi/Action novel released in 2014.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Tom Cruise starred in Olympus. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
He is not only a film producer but he wrote The Green Mile which is a drama film.
John Cusack is the writer of Olympus.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That's a good one. He was also in Friends with Benefits and No String Attached.
I'm not sure if he is friends with Will Smith, but he was in No Strings Attached.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in his books?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and The Cold Moon. Would you like to hear more of the book?
You're very welcome!
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Jessica Knoll. Are you interested in more of her books?
No problem. Enjoy!
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do know they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner. Are you a fan?
That's a good fact, he owns the Boston Red Sox. Did you know that he had a daughter?
I'm sorry I don't have that information
I'm not sure about that one, I'm not sure of that one. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I like him, he is very talented and has a lot of music aside from being a great athlete
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I'm not sure but I do know that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Ok, that's where Western Europe is a great place to visit. I'm not sure if it's in Western Europe.
Yes, I like Last Sacrifice, it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction, and adventure film. Do you like any of those genres?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2013.
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes it is, she is also a film producer and a film producer.
No problem. Would you like to add that as well?
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a Young-adult fiction
What genres do you like?
You're Welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a great book!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by John Scalzi and is considered Psychological Thriller.
It was published in 1980. It is a book of the same name.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like it because it was a thriller or because it was starring Jada Pinkett Smith?
Then you might like Zombieland, Zookeeper, or Zookeeper.
Great, hope you enjoy it.
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and is considered a Drama. Do you like Eye of the World because of the genre or the author?
It is a great movie. I would recommend if you haven't seen it already. It is a great movie.
You're welcome! Hope you have a great day!
You're very welcome!
Do you enjoy the movie because it is a Romance or Drama?
It's a romantic, historical period drama. It was released in 1999.
You are very welcome!
I haven't read that one yet. That was written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her work?
No, I haven't read it. Do you like historical fiction?
No, I haven't. Is that a book you're interested in?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Have a good one.
OK, have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know of any others but I know Jamie McGuire starred in Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also starring in that movie.
Meryl Streep, Kathy Burstyn, and Johnny Depp were all in that movie.
Of course! Joseph Heller wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hellboy. Are you familiar with either of those?
I haven't followed them but know they are a sports team. Don't they play soccer?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite?
He wrote Zodiac, The Good Girl, The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read any of those?
Zodiac was released in 1991, what type of movie do you like?
It's a great movie. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in it as well as directed it.
You're welcome!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
You may like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Norton Juster.
It was released in 2004.
I know she wrote The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House, and Priestess of Avalon.
It's a fantasy novel, would you like to know about other fantasy novels?
The Mists of Avalon is by Philip Pullman and it was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
He wrote Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
That movie is starring Charlize Theron. Do you like her work?
It is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic drama? She's great in this genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure thing! Jennifer Weiner wrote The Ship of Brides, The First World, and The Invisible Man. Would you like to know more about any of those?
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is a Romance film?
Sure, he also wrote The Wedding Planner, a romance film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones. Have you seen it yet?
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Did you know that it was released in 2000?
Yes it is, Wicked Appetite was also released that year.
No, I haven't. Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
Yes, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was released in 1975. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Do you like that genre?
Did you like the movie because it was starring Leo Tolstoy?
Well, he starred in the movies The Lost Symbol and The Invisible Man.
I'm afraid I don't know anything about similar people, but I know he was influenced by Selena Gomez
I am not sure but I can tell you that Lukas Haas starred in The Picture of Dorian Gray.
I am not sure but I can tell you it was written by Djuna Barnes
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by Stephen King. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel as well as The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
Sure, he directed The Usual Suspects and District 9 which are Action/Adventure Film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. District 9 is also a thriller.
Yes, Kyla Pratt stars in it. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I heard she was in Slumdog Millionaire, have you seen that?
I have Requiem for a while and it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and Manchester United F.C. team. I don't know much about him. Do you like football?
Javier Hernández is also a player and he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he is also from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter farelly.
I know There's Something About Mary because it was a comedy film but I don't know what else it's in that genre, but there are some other movies he directed in that genre, like Hocus Pocus and Toy Story
Jim Carrey is a great actor. I don't think I've seen his movies either.
Glad to help!
Yes he plays basketball and plays point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I'm not sure. He's a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Well, that's very cool. What other sports do you like?
It was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The BFG.
It's a great read! I highly recommend it!
It was released in 2007 and is a classic.
You're welcome.
This book is by the author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2012. It's considered young adult fiction.
Absolutely! Have a wonderful day.
The Firm is a thriller and so is The Assault in Our Stars. Are you a fan of thrillers?
It's more of a historical fiction, suspense, and crime fiction genre. It's similar to The Firm if you like those genres.
I'm sure you will like it.
He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956.
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're very welcome!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes was released in 1987.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Happy to help!
Yes. She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All very good movies!
Yeah, it's a great movie. You might also like her in the Harry Potter series, Witches Abroad.
Yes, she was in that. That's a great movie.
Scoop is a drama and North is a crime fiction.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read any of those?
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 2008.
That's great to know it was also released that year. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I do, did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I did, I'm not sure of that, but I do know she was born in Rio de Janeiro.
That is a great one as well as a Woman, it was released in 2007.
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire along side Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her movies?
Mrs. Doubtfire is considered a comedy as well as a comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes she was, did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
Anytime, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Tony Gilroy or because it was starring Matt Damon?
Yes, it was directed by Jane Austen. Do you like that director?
Sure, Shark Night and Examples XXX are thrillers as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
It was released in 2012 and is considered a tragedy.
True Grit and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks are some good ones
It was written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Shailene Woodley.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a great basketball player but I'm not a big fan of him. Are you a fan?
I think he is a pretty good basketball player but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder. He is a point guard.
He's a point guard for the Seattle Superonics.
Mary Harron wrote American Gods and starred in Zodiac
It is a crime fiction
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revisited just to name a few.
He directed the movie V for Vendetta, it was released in 2003.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi, thriller, and adventure movie. Do you like those genres?
Well, she starred in the movie Escape from New York, which is a thriller.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in Drama?
No, I don't have that information. However, The Light Between Oceans was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy them.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a writer and a screenwriter. He has also written The Bounty Hunter and The Wedding Planner.
Those are very good, he has also acted in a lot of movies. One of my favorites is World War Z.
Fool's Gold is written by David McKellen and stars Bruce Willis.
Yes he did. Matthew McConaughey starred in it as well as a writer and a musician.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I don't have any information about the book but I can tell you more
your welcome
Taxi Driver is starring Charlize Theron. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Taxi Driver is a Thriller written by Paul Schrader and starred Robert De Niro which is also a Taxi Driver
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, but I know he is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
I don't think that's that information. Do you know who he is?
Yes he is, do you follow any other sports he plays?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Prince is a young-adult fiction. Have you seen the Half-Blood Prince?
My personal favorite is The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
That's all I know by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Mary Higgins Clark and was released in 1995.
The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon and James Cannon. Have you seen it?
No problem! O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1999 and is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like drama books?
It is a very beautiful novel. If you are interested in other books by this author, you might also enjoy The Glass Menagerie.
It's a tragicomedy. It was released in 1945. I don't have much information on it.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Pillars of the Earth, The Lost Gate, and The Fountains of Paradise. Are any of those of interest?
Ponyo stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo.
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Three Cups of Tea.
You are welcome.
No, I don't know too much about it. What do you think of him?
I don't see that information. Do you want to know more about Ma Long?
2004 is the year that the London Olympics was released.
I can't remember when they were originally coached by Gary Kubiak. I didn't know they were originally in San Francisco.
Oh they are my favorite team! I loved them when Tony Dungy was on the team. What team do you root for?
I am not a huge football fan but I think I am more of a Red Sox fan
Not really, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a American Football fan. What's your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your team? I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Horse and His Boy is not too harsh but it was written by David Levithan.
Hmmm, okay. What is your favorite genre?
You're very welcome.
Sure, it's a great historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
You are correct. I am not sure of the title. Did you know she also starred in The Sum of All Fears?
Good in Bed is a romance film. Do you like romance films? She also wrote Midnight in the Garden.
Have a great day!
Great, have a great day!
Have a great day!
Yes, Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
Dean Koontz also wrote Watchers in 1987. It is a thriller. Do you enjoy that genre? It is considered a thriller as well.
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett. It was released in 1997.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen in 1813. It's a historical period drama.
Certainly, it is a historical period drama that was made into a movie. It's a comedy with a little bit of drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
No problem. Are you looking for something also directed by James Cameron?
Then I recommend You've Got Mail or The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Do those sound good?
Yes, it was adapted from the book by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
You might enjoy The Adjustment or The Name of the Wind.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal which was written by Sara Gruen.
Yes, she also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
The Proposal has a genre of Romance and Comedy
You are welcome.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
It Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Historical period drama and romance.
Of course! You Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Mystery and Drama. I think you might enjoy that one.
She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
It's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, but Mirnanda Richardson has been in a lot of movies. I would suggest rewatched Part 2 if you like her.
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Reign of Assassins.
Red Cliff is a Thriller and Drama. It is a war film.
You might also enjoy War films by the same director as The Shining, or The Beastmaster.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar is starring Jared Leto, who also starred in Love and Life of Pi. Do you like his movies or genre?
He is in Madagascar, it's a historical period drama. He was born in Malala.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Modern Prometheus which is a fantasy film and also The Modern Prometheus.
i think you are correct. There is a similar movie to The Worlds End, which is an action film as well.
I'm sorry but I don't have information on Shaun of the Dead. Are you interested in watching Shaun of the Dead?
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a great basketball player and also he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks? I don't really know him.
Yup he is a point guard, and he is a point guard too.
Sure, A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1961.
He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The Left Hand of Darkness.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player, do you like him?
Yeah, you're right. I don't know much about him either. What sport do you like?
That's interesting, I didn't know that. I know he starred in a movie called The Bourne Legacy, have you seen it?
I agree, would you like to hear of some other tennis players?
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Are you familiar with his work?
It is considered children's literature but I would recommend Witches Abroad.
You are welcome. Hope it helps you.
He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who is a writer and a director as well.
Yes, Paul Walker is in both of them. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't have any information on that one but he was in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
Of course! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of those?
I don't have any information on the genre but I do know it was written by Peter Krause.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you, have you read them?
I Still Dream About You was released in 1996 and is in the English language
I am sorry I don't know of any other psychological thrillers
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Anything else I can help you with? I can give you some more information when Andy grew up if you want.
No, I don't have any other information, but it is there something else I can help you with
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
That's a great one. Do you want me to play it for you?
Vanilla Sky stars Seth Rogen, Jason Statham and James Franco. It's a really good Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote "The Shelters of Stone". The Shelters of Stone is a historical fiction piece.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear."
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and it is a Young-adult fiction book.
He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse, have you read them?
Yes, he did. It is in the same series as The Titan's Curse.
I don't follow soccer much so I don't know much about him. Are you a soccer fan?
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't but I know he's a midfielder as well.
not too much of a football fan. are you a big fan of the south america?
oh that's cool. are you a american football fan?
OMG, I love those movies! I thought it was hilarious.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, she also wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is most famous for writing it, as well as a film producer.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of National Treasure but I did know it was written by S.E. Hinton
Yes that is a great family movie. Are you a fan of Divergent?
Under the Tuscan Sun was a great movie. I'm not sure if she's still in it, but I can tell you more about her if you like.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It's a Historical novel, speculative fiction
The novel was written by Wayne's World. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know that she is an athlete that plays tennis, so I'm not sure who she was in that.
Wow, that's where the team is located. I didn't know that, I don't really follow football, do you?
No, I'm not sure. I do know that it's a Historical period drama. Do you like football?
I'm not sure. But, I know they play in London.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Buddenbrooks: Verfall einer Familie. His work was released in 1924. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Hero of Ages as well as The Son of Sobek which was released in 2014.
Yes they were, NArigo was also released that year
You are welcome, enjoy!
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhall.
Aside from being a writer, he also starred in the movie The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, the movie Zero Dark Thirty, and Gone with the Wind.
OK, then I will add them to your list! I'm sure you will enjoy them!
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it yet?
X-Men 2 starred Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Lawrence, and Laurence Fishburne.
Yes, it is a thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I like thrillers, some other one is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Unbreakable is an action film. It was directed by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
Yes, he's been in so many. A couple of my favorite are Unbreakable and The Player. Have you seen either of those?
I think you would enjoy them, they are a great Sci-Fi series.
Glad to help!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
adventure is starring Charlize Theron, it was released in 1999
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic drama books?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the Romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a great author.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies as well?
Mastering the Art of the Art of Paris is a novel by American Masters. It's a historical novel. Is that your favorite book?
Great, enjoy the book!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear because it was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie was in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw.
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like more books by Vladimir Nabokov?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Some other good ones are Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States. Would you like to read Dark Places?
The Scar is written by Philip Pullman and it's a sequel to The Scar.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you enjoy Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Do you like dramas?
The King is a drama film that was released in 1999.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
He was in The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October.
Ronny Cox was in The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. It's similar to a book called The Secret Life of Bees.
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014.
Brave was directed by Steve Purcell
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great one, as is World War Z.
You're welcome.
He's a soccer player and has played for the Brazilian national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, do you follow soccer?
Yup he was one of the best players on the team.
Yes, I do. J.R. Ward also wrote The Shadows of the Planet of the Apes which is a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes. J. Ward also wrote a book called The Princess and the Frog a romance film.
It's a movie based on a book by J. Ward, and starred Shia LaBeouf.
Sure thing! Enjoy.
I know that he is a cricket player from India. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is popular in India. Do you have a favorite team?
It's a popular sport in India. Did you know Harbhajan Singh also play cricket?
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, it was released in 1985. That was the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I don't know that information. However, I can tell you If You Give a Pig a Pancake was released in 1985.
You are very welcome!
No, I haven't heard of her. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure if they have a copy in German but Wild Cards was written in English.
Excellent! Anything else I can help you with?
Harold Ramis is best known for his role in the Stripes, other movies he was in. He was also in the romantic comedy Groundhog Day.
Since you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander or Young Frankenstein.
It is a comedy movie. Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson
Wither was written by Steve Jobs in 2012. It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
She's a great author. Have you read A Man Named Dave? She wrote that one as well.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like these genres?
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 2003.
It is called True Believer by Nicholas Evans, and was released in 2003.
It is a Crime Fiction genre. It was released in 2011.
No problem!
Sure, it is a great movie. It was written by Dick Hill and is a classic. Do you like the genre or the actors?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I know they are in the National League, which is where the Dallas Cowboys play, plays the lead.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I know they were originally coached by John Farrell.
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I don't think I've heard of that one. I don't know much about his other horror films, but I can tell you he also starred in The Shinning.
Sure, The Last Hero and The Order are similar.
No, The Twits was written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he plays badminton, do you know any other sports?
Venus and Serena Williams are a tennis player from England.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite songs. Do you like him?
Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer and songwriter as well.
Aside from being a writer, it's a must-see artist, he also had a hand in the music career, and he won the award for Best New Artist in the Year
Kick Ass starred Charlize Theron and Nicolas Cage. Do you like those actors?
It is a Thriller. Do you like dramas?
Kick-Ass was directed by David Ayer.
Nicolas Cage starred in a thriller called Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama film.
He is first in the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is very talented!
I haven't heard of him but I know he is a songwriter too. I wonder if he is a musician or a musician?
That's pretty cool. I haven't heard of him but know he is also a musician and a musician.
The Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama. Do you like those genres?
The Invisible Man is a good one. Have you seen it?
Its a great movie, with a little bit of drama, and romance. It's a great movie!
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like him?
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in The Mask. I think you might like that one.
It's a Drama. In the same year, the movie was released. I'm sure you'll like it.
You're welcome
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote the same book.
I'm sorry I don't have any other information on another book.
Then I would recommend The Invisible Man. It's a Historical novel.
Have a great day!
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain. He also wrote The Prince and the Pauper and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Those are both children's literature.
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El prncipe de la niebla, El prncipe de la niebla, El prncipe de la niebla, El prncipe de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El prncipe de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, she wrote La sombra del vientoya
I am sorry, I don't have any additional information on that one. But, I know it was released in 1970.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Of course, I am unsure how old she is but she is very talented! She is very talented!
It was released April 25, 2010
The Muppets was a drama directed by Gary Foster and released in 1981.
The Muppets is a musical comedy that was released in 1986
I am a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. They are in the AFC North division. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him, i think Lamar Jackson is a good QB. Do you have a favorite team?
It's amazing. Did you know he was born in Salinas CA.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I don't have any other Young-adult fiction books by Richelle Mead but Shadow Kiss is part of a series called Last Sacrifice.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
Young-Adult Fiction is also considered a young-adult fiction and was released in 2014.
It was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver.
It is a speculative fiction book.
Christopher Bigsby is from the United Kingdom. Do you like the author or genre?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it was written by Roman Coppola or because it was a romance novel?
My apologies. I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he wrote "Can you tell me"
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that she starred in Wes Anderson.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994 and stars Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta
He's also a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
Sorry, I don't have that information. But Quinten Terintino starred in Grindhouse which is a horror film.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you read that one?
She starred in the Fierce Light series, Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
I agree, I haven't ever heard of her music. Is that a music song?
I'm not sure about it, but it's been a while since I've seen her in the movie. I'll have to check it out.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2005 and The First Man in Rome was published in English.
The First Man in Rome was also released by McCullough and is a drama film.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you seen these?
River Phoenix was released in 1991
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was directed by David Ayer
you are welcome
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Speculative fiction?
You might like The Golem's Eye or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome.
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes. It's in the English language.
Yes, I like him, he wrote The Muse and it's classified as speculative fiction.
The Muse is a Romantic Comedy and it has genre Comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I do! Goodfellas is also starring Joe Pesci and Debra Messing. It is a Comedy/drama that you might enjoy.
You're welcome!
That's a great movie! Despicable me 2 was released in 2010 and stars Rob Huegel. Do you like his movies?
Steve Carell does star in the movie. Do you like his movies?
Oh, Zach Galifianakis is in that movie. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote a few famous books like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, Wintergirls and True Grit.
She wrote The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones of one of the latest novels.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Great, you're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, which was a biographical film
You are welcome. You are welcome.
Well, I'm a Niner fan, but I'm a big fan of the Philadelphia Eagles. What do you think?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady won the MVP. What do you think of him?
May I suggest his wife, Gisele, because she is a celebrity.
I love John Lennon! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
He wrote just one called Yellow Submarine. Did you know he was a writer as well?
You should watch Captain America: Civil War. It is very funny.
Be Cool and Bad Boys 2 are comedies that you might like.
The Postman was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Tailor of Panama.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by James Patterson and it is a War movie. Do you like War movies?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you she was in a relationship with Pearl Harbor. Have you seen it?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about it?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Stacy Edwards wrote it too. I'm not sure who wrote the movie.
You are welcome and enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a basketball player, right? I'm not a big basketball fan. Who's your favorite player?
Yes it does! It's one of the best basketball players of all time. I like basketball too.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a science fiction movie?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a science, as well as a biography, and a biography.
You're welcome, Enjoy.
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
Packer is a quarterback.
I'm a huge fan of hockey, but my favorite sport is the Lakers. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
The Apostle was a romantic comedy film and a historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is married to Zoe Kravitz. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
He did. He's a great actor. He's also a director as well.
I don't know what else he is in, but he was also in Friends with Benefits as well.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great sci-fi movie. Anything else I can help you with?
Mark Margolis stars in that movie. It is a great science fiction film.
You might want to check out The Adjustment Bureau. It is a thriller.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Did you know he is from Santo António?
Didn't he direct the movie Wildcats ? I haven't seen that one.
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
I am not sure but it was released in 2012
The Vampire Academy series is in the genre of paranormal romance
You're welcome
Sure, Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. She also wrote The Hunger Games. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a similar book. It was written by Stieg Larsson.
I'm not sure. But he did write a whole lot of children's literature. One of my favorites is Scream 4.
Zooey Deschanel is a great children's literature.
Yes. He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
That is the only book I can find from her.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. It's a Historical period drama.
I don't have any more information on that movie. I can tell you that it was written by Kate Kelton.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know a lot about football.
I don't have that information right now but I know they won the NFL championship in 2012.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers. I think he was a great player though.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She won the 2007 UEFA Champions League Final.
I don't have any more information on anything else. However, I can tell you Elizabeth Kostova has also written a book called The Historian. The Swan Thieves.
No I don't but I know she was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov and Vladimir Nabokov.
You're welcome!
A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a great book. Have you read it?
Yes, the Winnie the Pooh was released in 2013 and the next in the series is Shadow of the Musketeers. Have you read this one?
Yup, Rabbit at the End of the Rabbit is the next in the series so I will look it up!
You're welcome, enjoy.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
He's on the New Orleans Pelicans, I believe. But, I don't like him.
I'm not a huge fan of the Greek Freak. What do you think of it?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a Fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Linkin Park is still with Udo Kier, have you seen it?
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
There is a film called Tomorrow, When the War Began that is a post-apocalyptic fiction.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Human Division.
He normally does speculative fiction as well as science fiction.
He sure does! He wrote The Road to El Dorado and a Speculative fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
If you like those, you might also try To Kill a Mockingbird. That's a romantic comedy
Sure, it is a drama and a crime movie.
You are most welcome!
She is a female author born in Nyagan, California. She wrote several books including The Historian and The Last Summer (of You and Me).
She's a great talent player, and he also won the MTV Video Music Award. Do you have any favorite artists?
I'm not a big fan of the show but i know Parks and Recreation was a comedy too. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2010 and is a biographical film.
Yup, 30 Rock is actually a film that was released in 2010.
Yes, she is a famous athlete for soccer. She's also a talented athlete. Do you like her?
I've heard of him, but I don't know much about the author, either. I know she's from the United States.
Yeah, she was born in Rio de Janeiro. Yeah, she is a woman.
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends.
Yeah, that's really cool. Did you know she starred in a movie called hi higly?
That's a great song. I like Yellow Submarine, did you know that she starred in Mickey Mouse?
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in 1951, and was written by Beatrice Sparks.
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks, and was released in 1997.
No problem. I am glad to help.
Similar to Ray Bradbury is Ray Bradbury, do you like science fiction or biographical authors?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Another good one is The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, they are by Ray. It's also a novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses 2
Freakonomics starred Matt Damon and Seth Gordon. Do you like those actors?
I don't. I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
Really, I don't know much about him. What sport do you like?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she was born in Sao Paulo?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Time Traveler's Wife. Would you like to hear more titles?
Mark Margolis and Jeff Bridges are playing the Expendables with him.
The genre is Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Are you interested in those genres?
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature that was released in 2011.
Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ.
It's a great movie! The Return of a Man Called Horse also starred Reese Witherspoon and Harold Bloom.
He was in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856. It's a classic!
I am not too sure when it was released, but I do know it is a speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction and science fiction book.
Yes it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was. It's a great movie.
No, I haven't. Do you like dramas?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novel.
I don't know anything else by Theroux but Atheist is a war book.
Yes, it is. It's a very popular book.
peter pan
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
I'm not sure of that, but I can tell you that Micheal Hague also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Wedding Planner, a Gothic fiction novel. Do you like Gothic fiction?
It's considered a historical fiction and a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
It's a great author! He's written Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist to name a few.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction books?
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a Thriller.
I'm sorry I don't know anything else.
Sure, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, I know Venus Williams is also a musician and a model. Do you know any of her sister Serena?
Do you have a favorite team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan of his?
Oh, that's very interesting. Did he play for the St Louis Cardinals?
Wow, that's really taller. I think he's 4th in the NBA.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
you are welcome. anything else I can help with?
Yes, The Help was a drama that was produced by Tate Taylor and released in 2012.
She starred in The Help, which was released in 2011.
Viola was in The Help, which is a Romantic film. Did you know she also starred in The Help?
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ninth Gate, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh that's a great one. Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
Yes he did, that was a great movie! Do you want to know more about him?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them.
Pat Conroy is a great author. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I don't know too much about Pat Conroy but I know he is a writer who wrote The Water is Wide, The Great Gatsby.
Flannery O'Conner is a author in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Wise Blood is a children's literature.
Your welcome.
Yes. She starred in Aliens. She's a great actress.
Bill Paxton has been in so many great films, including Blade Runner, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Edge of Tomorrow.
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It's a crime movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance. what else can i answer for you?
Enjoy your reading!
I know she wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
Some of the other books she wrote are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is starred in Robocop. He's a great actor. He's also a director.
He is also a director. He directed The Great Gilly Hopkins.
Total Recall is a science fiction movie released in 1990.
You are welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
You are welcome. It is a Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
That one is a drama and crime movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Some of the other actors include Pat Healey, Tim Blake Nelson, and Marcia DeBonis
Yes it is also a drama and a crime fiction film.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Well, you might like the Harry Potter movies or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome.
Glad to help!
Tom Cruise directed Collateral. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies, which is a history/historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
I think you would enjoy it. I wonder if there is anything else I can recommend?
You're welcome!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Tim Roth, Mario Puzo, Jeff Bridges, and Ransom Riggs to name a few.
Michael Bay was the main actor in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a good team. Did you know they won the World Series in 2012.
Oh, that is a great idea. 2014 was the year that  1.  1 was released.
Me too! My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite baseball team?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure. Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Magnificent Seven, The Handmaid's Tale, and The Giver.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I can tell you that it is also a psychological thriller and a biography.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
He is a professional table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
He's from China. I'm not sure if he was born there, but he was born in China.
Yes, it is. It also stars Rob Reiner and Kristen Stewart.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Are you interested in any of these books?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn are both great books.
Mark Twain also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and The Prince and the Pauper.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has genre Historical period drama.
Enjoy
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She's a great author.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are some of the most popular novels by him.
Persuasion is a Romance novel. Would you like to read it?
Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Hanks. Do you want to know other books written by him?
The genre is Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. Do you like him?
Yeah, he did. Did you know he directed and starred in Zoolander 2?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the romantic comedy Zoolander.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
I am a fan of hers but I haven't heard anything from her lately. What is your favorite she song?
Yes, that was a good one! I think it was back in 1994.
That was a great movie! I haven't seen it before but I know he starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits. Have you seen it?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a classic, but the main character is Liam Neeson. Do you like her?
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy starring Tom Hanks. You can also watch Friends with Benefits.
You're welcome.
He starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Great Escape is a horror movie that came out in 2014. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Great choice! It was written by Rick Riordan, Elijah Wood, and Hugh Jackman.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
J. R. R. Martin wrote that book.
The Polar Express is a picture book written by Eric Carle.
Of course! If you like Monty Python, you might also like Life of Brian.
It was released in 1900.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, it is wonderful.
Yes, that is correct. Would you like to hear more about the adventure genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by George Cukor
No, I don't. I know he is a player on the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
It's funny how he plays soccer. I was born in Barcelona. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure of that, but I know Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. I think he's a great player.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead but it appears he also starred in the movie.
Would you like to know about any of the movies starring Harrison Ford?
Absolutely, can I help you find anything else?
He directed the very popular movie, The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Stephen Chbosky and Billy Crudup starred in it.
Yes she was, she was in that movie as well.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Did you know that Emma Watson starred in this movie?
No problem.
Yes it is written by Anne Rice and it is a mystery
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Barcelona. Are you a fan of soccer?
I'm more of a Dodgers fan. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Yes, they have a Goofteam with the Denver Nuggets. Have you seen it?
That's right. The San Francisco Giants won the World Series in 2011.
Yes it does. It is a fun event as well.
Oh yes, I recommend The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Returns of the Native American Dream and The Dark Knight Rises.
Then you might enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna. She's a great author.
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom.
Yes, it was released in 1988 and Laurie Metcalf played the lead role. Do you like his work?
Hugh Jackman and Margaret Atwood starred in it. It's a Historical period drama.
William Friedkin directed The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October. Do you want to know more about any of these movies?
It's a Romance film. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Not sure, but I can tell you that he directed The Hunt for Red October which is Crime Fiction, which is Crime Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a great author. She's written The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like historical drama?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
I'm not sure about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
It's a basketball team in the National Basketball Association.
I like college football and baseball. What about you?
I enjoy watching tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine starred Charlize Theron, Jason Flemyng and Anthony Edwards.
He has also starred in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest Gump.
Yes she is and her sister Serena Williams is also a tennis player.
Her current ranking is No. 1 in the WTA Tour is #40 in the WTA Tour.
You are very welcome, please let me know if I can help with anything else
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman is an American filmmaker. He has also written The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. It's a children's literature that was turned into a film.
Absolutely, I think you'll really enjoy Gonzo the Art.
The genre is Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
It is Speculative fiction it is also fantasy
The Two Princesses of Bamarre was released in 2001. Also, The Two Princesses of Bamarre was released in 2001.
I'm not a huge fan of the Broncos. I think they are doing well this season but I'm a Chiefs fan.
He is a great player though he is still playing for the Green Bay Packers.
He is a free agent. I'm not sure if he's a free agent.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team, the Manchester United F.C. team. I don't know much about him.
I agree. I'm not a big soccer fan so I'm sure they have some pretty good players on that team.
Are you looking for something more written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul
It is a romantic comedy and yes it is, its a great movie.
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a war film.
He wrote Apocalypto, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! The Passion of Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and William Hurt. It's considered an Indie film.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Other books by Veronica Roth include Insurgent and The Transfer!
You're Welcome!
Yes, that was written by Veronica Roth.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern. It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Z for Zachariah is a good one. I think you would like it.
It is a fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
Yes, I would recommend Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, it is a great movie.
Cool. Then you will like the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie, and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Amandes and Renny Harlin starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I like her song Chandelier and Titanium! Are you a fan of her?
I like Shakira more acoustic. She's really good.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a great performer! Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
I don't really know, but I know that it was written by Jojo Moyes.
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I do know that it was directed by Simon Beaufoy.
I'm not a huge tennis fan, but I do know she's dating Rory McIlroy.
I agree with you, Venus Williams is great. What sport do you like?
Yes, they are amazing as well as a great tennis player as well.
I think Mike Woodson is one of their best players. Do you like them?
Yeah, he is a good player.
I did too! That was a great movie too!
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football, what about you? What sport do you like?
It is a good movie. I think you will enjoy it.
He wrote Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I dont know but it was released in 1969
He also wrote The Water is Wide
I hope you enjoy it
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
OK, Fear Nothing was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
It's a Social Criticism Novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes! That's a great book. It was written by Mickey Knox. Are you interested in Adventure?
Well, from what I can tell, it was released the same year as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Well from what I can tell, it was released the same year as Once Upon a Time in America, which is another great action film.
It's a great movie! It stars Seth Rogen and Martin Scorsese. Are you familiar with them?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some great dramas in the genre. Have you seen any of these?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Robert Duvall and it starred Michael McKean and was released in 1994.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work include We Rode in Trucks and We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, he is actually a composer and he is also a DJ.
Andy Murray is a great player, but I don't think they will make it far if they get there but they don't have what their chances are.
I like tennis and tennis as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I believe the Victoria Azarenka is a great tennis player. I have never been to a game this year.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day.
It is a self help book
You're welcome
Well, Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax, The Other Guys, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know what songs she is, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
I didn't know that. Is that a genre you are looking for?
I like Sia Furler, but I haven't heard of Shakira. I've heard she's really good. I like Sia Furler, too. Have you heard of her?
She sure did. I like Lyricistists, but I haven't heard of her.
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Are you a fan?
What sport do you follow?
Yes, she starred in that movie with Hayden Panettiere.
Absolutely! He starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in The Wedding Planner, she was also in it.
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you want me to add it to your list?
1989 was the year Field of Dreams was released.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might be interested in the Harry Potter series.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great one by Aidan Turner.
It's an oldie but a goodie. It came out in 2004.
Yes Kevin Zegers was in Zoom. It's a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
She's also written Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
I do not have any other information at this time. But I can recommend The Wedding Planner, if you haven't seen it.
It's a good book. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't really watched it before.
I'm not a fan of cricket, but I do know he plays for the India national cricket team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if it's similar to Sharp Objects, but I can recommend other titles like Sharp Objects such as Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2015, another great Suspense book is Blue Moon.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical, but not sure who else starred in it. You like science fiction?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like Paul McCartney?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. What's your opinion?
That's a great team. It's a Historical period drama, I think you'd enjoy it.
It's pretty cool. It's a great place to visit it. It's a great place, if you have time to watch it.
That's a great question, I'm not a huge football fan, but the Green Bay Packers won the Super Bowl this year!
It was a pretty long ago, it was really funny. I'm not sure what year it was released.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down have you heard of this one?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes Phil Mickelson is definitely a top golfer, he won the 2010 PGA Championship and he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament
Wow he is a great golfer! He was also in the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan of golf?
That's a drama. Did you know Phil Mickelson also starred in Tin Cup?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
The Time Machine was released in 2010. Does that interest you?
No I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me more about the movie?
You're welcome.
The movie A Space Odyssey is starring Matt Damon, did you know it was released in 1968?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
I don't know much about him, I know he is from the United States of America and is a shooting guard.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
I'm not a huge baseball fan, but I do know that they are in the American League which is the same division as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League East and were recently runner-up in the World Series in 2012.
Psycho is written by David Fincher and stars Christian Bale. Do you like this author?
harry potter and Michael Fassbender starred in the movie.
I don't have any information on what he directed but he did write Janet Bloch.
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Are you a football fan?
Did you know they're in the National League as well?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it is written by Sylvester Stallone or because it is a drama?
He starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice with Harrison Ford.
Creed is a science fiction movie, directed by Sylvester Stallone. It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
You're very welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Psychological thriller and It was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is a writer and a director.
I'm not sure but it is starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt
He was in the movie The Assassination of Jesse Jame
I do, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are both historical fiction novels.
I don't have any other examples but Jane Austen is a poet who wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells, but I don't have any information on who wrote the book.
He directed Jurassic World and Safety Not Guaranteed.
It is a romance film, similar to Zero Dark Thirty.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them?
That is a good movie. I think you'd like it. She starred in Repo Chick and Pulp Fiction.
Yes, that's a drama. It's also a film adaptation of a novel.
That's a great one! I really liked Benjamin Button as well.
They are a pretty good team, I really don't know much about them. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I am not sure about that. Is he a good actor?
He only played at the AT&T Stadium in Dallas. Did you know Rowdy also owns the team?
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Chris
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back was directed by Harrison Ford. Would you like to know more about him?
It's a Thriller with Sean Connery, but is a war movie.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places. Would you like to hear more about these books?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on any other authors.
Yes, anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do, I like all kinds of science fiction books.
Great, hope you enjoy the book!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete, he plays cricket and was born in Chennai
I don't know much about Virat Kohli, do you know if he is a cricket player?
I haven't heard of that one. What is it about cricket?
I have not, but I've heard a lot about it. Have you seen it? I've always wanted to go to Delhi.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who do you root for?
You too!
Yeah, they are a great basketball team. Do you like them?
It is a drama. Do you like that genre? It is classified as a comedy.
Do you like Warlock because it is a drama or a crime fiction film?
Yes it is. Another great movie is Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is similar.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a book that you might like.
Erich Maria Remarque is a German author, specializing in screenwriting. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
I'm not sure when they were released, but Arc de Triomphe was influenced by Erich Maria Remarque and was released in 1929.
Yes, it is. Another great book in English is A Time to Love and a Time to Die. That's a great choice.
My pleasure. Hope you have a great day!
I know she is a tennis player but I don't really know much about her. Do you like her?
She plays tennis, and was recently a former world No 1 in singles. I think she lost to Rory McIlroy.
Yes, it's a great tennis player with Venus and Serena Williams. Do you have any favorite players?
Yes, I like it as well! I'm not a huge fan of tennis but it's funny how how about your favorite sport, do you like?
I believe she's a fashion designer as well. I wonder if she's looking for a designer or not a designer.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone all star in the movie
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and is a Mystery. Do you like her or its genres?
In the Woods is a novel in the genre mystery and speculative fiction. Is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He's a great author! He wrote Zodiac, The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl.
He has been involved in a number of films, including Zero Dark Thirty, Troy, and The Usual Suspects. Would you like to see any of those?
It's a good movie, but the lead is Clint Eastwood. Do you like her?
God Emperor of Dune is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, Packers, Lions, and Bears. The Rams and Saints are leading overall in the NFC. Do you follow any of the players?
My husband is a Chiefs fan. What team is the New England Patriots doing this year?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
The Social Network is a biographical film starring Andrew Garfield
It would be considered a historical period drama.
It was released in 2010. It starred Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield.
2010 and it's a drama, starring Andrew Garfield.
2010 and it's a great movie. Vince Vaughn, Andrew Garfield, Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
He also starred in The Wedding Planner, have you seen this movie yet?
He wrote The Ice Storm and The Clockwork Girl, have you heard of them?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
I'm not sure about that, but Inheritance Cycle is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because was written by Sarah J. Maas or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2014. It's considered Young-adult fiction, and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
I'm not sure but I can tell you that it was released in 1817 which is the same year that Jane Austen released her book.
I have. Does it sound like something that you would be interested in?
I believe she is a professional badminton player
I'm sorry, I don't. What type of games do you like?
I'm sorry, I don't.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes he is a scientist and he is also a scientist. Do you like scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you he is also a scientist.
Williams is one of my favorite actors also. Have you seen him in Mrs. Doubtfire? It's one of my favorite
Mrs. Doubtfire is also in the Romantic Comedy genre. Perhaps you would like that?
Jim Carrey, Cameron Diaz, and Cameron Diaz starred in it.
Sure, will do!
I don't have any information on that author but I can tell you he wrote The Illusionist which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The Iliad is another example of the same genre. Another good book is The Iliad.
I'm not sure of that information, I'm sorry.
Are you a Seahawks fan? I'm a Redskins fan so I really don't know much about them.
Wow, that's very interesting. Did you know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII?
I believe they have. They were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It's a great movie! It's starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson also starred in it as well.
Sure, that is a great Thriller.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is actually the first book of the series released in 1968.
Oh it is! It was actually made into a movie this year.
They are a basketball team in the National Basketball Association. Their coach is Mike Smith. Do you like basketball?
The owner is Steve Zissou, He is the owner of the team.
No,I don't have that information.
You're Welcome!
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, if you like Colin Farrell. He also starred in Minority Report.
I'm afraid I don't know any others. But, I'm sure you will enjoy these movies.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. The Broncos are part of the National Football League. Do you like them?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Sullivan Stapleton are some of the players.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do. Did you know that Scott Thompson starred in it? He's a great actor.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem.
Have you seen X-Men: Days of Future Past? It's one of my favorites.
I think it is based on the book. Did you know the movie was based on the book?
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're very welcome!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Yeah, he's from Dallas, that's where he was a golfer. I don't know much about him. I'm not sure if he also place the team. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a Major League Soccer player from Dallas, Texas.
Yes, I am. She's a very popular author. She's written I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a biography. Do you like books that make you interested in that genre?
Yes, she's a great author. If you've ever heard about her, she's also an author as well.
Of course, it was first published in 1851. It's one of my favorite biographies.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Henry Gifford wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
This is the End is a comedy starring Ray Winstone and James Franco. Are you a fan of fantasy films?
It is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays soccer for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh I see, what's your favorite team? I don't follow football too much. What team does he play for?
Yeah that's a great movie. Do you yo watch it?
Doctor Zhivago is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
The Sea of Monsters was a great book! It was adapted into a film and it starred Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
The Throne of Fire, The Sea of Monsters, is a fantasy novel by Rick Riordan
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Historical period drama
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
I do! He starred in Imagine That and produced Tyson, which is a Documentary film. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. Have you read Ray Bradbury's The Martian Chronicles?
I would recommend The Martian Chronicles or The Odyssey of Drunken Master
The book was published in 1987. Have you read it?
Cool, enjoy the book!
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Haha. I know Adam Sandler is in that movie. Did you know Sandler wrote that one?
Grown Ups is a great movie, too. I liked him in that movie, too. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Frida. She is a very talented actress.
Joe Morton has starred in lots of films, including What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Great. Do you want to know more about Total Recall because it starred Joe Morton?
You're welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is from the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth, do you want to hear about movies starring Chris Moore?
Great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Stan Lee, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson.
Great, he starred in some great movies. He also starred in the Avengers: Age of Ultron and Captain America: Civil War
Then I would suggest watching The Incredible Hulk and Captain America: Civil War.
Eric Brees is a great author. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Butterfly Effect.
The Final Destination is a thriller film. It is starring Selena Gomez and Tammy Blanchard.
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller film written by Eric Brees and starred Brad Pitt. It is a very good movie.
William Scott is a great director. He has written a few films including The Final Destination, The Magician's Land and The Magicians.
October Sky is a crime drama directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I have not heard of her, what is she's been in a movie called Crossroads?
Jim Carrey, Nick Cassavetes and Kevin Spacey were all in it. Do you like their work?
It was a pretty good movie, you are a fan of the science fiction genre.
300 is directed by him.
It's more of a War film. If you like those genres, it's a Historical period drama.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Certainly! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a classic Kill Bill: Vol.1 and was released in 2011. Do you like any of his movies?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
That is correct. It was released in 1817.
I believe it is adapted into a film. Have you seen Mansfield Park?
It's written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The War of the Worlds and The Mortal Instruments
Hmmm, I'm not sure but it was released in 2004.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes he was that movie. Do you like his movies?
Sure, you might enjoy World War Z if you like Tom's action.
You are welcome.
I think they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he was a quarterback. I don't think he's a good coach.
I am a Packers fan so I don't know much about Brett Favre before, but he was a runner-up in Super Bowl XXXI. Are you a football fan?
Yeah, I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers. What do you think about them? I don't follow any sports this year.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke is another book by Jodi Picoult, do you like other books by him?
No, I don't. What else can I do for you?
Not really, but I watch Marco Reus play on the German national team.
I'm not a big soccer fan, I only know about the team. I like to watch some other sports then.
I don't think it's too much of a sport but I'm sure the kids will enjoy it.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. The Diviners is one of my favorites.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I can tell you The Sweet Far Thing is part of the Gemstone Trilogy.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Warsaw. He is also a translator and he is also a teacher.
No problem, anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't have anymore information for the team. I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIVc
You're welcome
Yes,He is a professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, she was born in Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. What a title to win?
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, have you seen them?
Bodyguard starred Roger Rees, Michael Shannon, and Matt Damon.
It was released in 1999 and was made into a movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of him but I do know he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Yeah, he got the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography, Do you know any of his other works?
I'm not sure but I think he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure, do you like it because it is an adventure or a fantasy?
Have you seen the Chronicles of Narnia series or Monsters Inc ?
White Fang and White Oleander are both great adventure films.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a great historical drama. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
I have not, but I have read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. I think you will like it.
I will have to do that! It is a great one.
I'm not a huge tennis fan but I do know that Rafael Nadal is a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer too. What about you?
Yeah, you're right. I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player?
You're welcome!
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1900. Would you like to add it to your reading list?
Yellow Wallpaper is a great read! Would you like to add it to your reading list?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like speculative fiction novels?
Have you read Xenocide or Z for Zachariah?
You're welcome!
No, I haven't. Isn't it written by Veronica Roth?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2012. Are you a fan?
It is a speculative fiction and fantasy book. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years. What do you think?
I don't like sing either. But, I know she composed A Thousand Years. She also wrote A Thousand Years.
She played in the movie A Thousand Years. I wonder what kind of music do you like?
Do you like Thor because it is a fantasy or because of the star in the movie?
I don't know any other movie but he starred in The Last Samurai which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Sure, Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
Where There's Smoke is a novel released in 2011. What else can I do for you?
Where There's Smoke is a novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite team?
I think the Patriots will be my favorite team. What's yours?
I am not a huge football fan but I know they are coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan, but I know he's an athlete too. Did you know he was born in Houston?
I'm not a fan, but I've heard he is a good coach for the Browns. Not sure if he really does a good coach, but I'm a Brown fan.
He directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Yes Peter Weir directed Witness, he also directed Witness.
I know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I have never heard of that one, what is it about?
Of course! Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes it is. Xenocide is a book written by Lois and is also a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Anything else?
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well. Do you like her?
Yes, it was! It was directed by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome! Have a good day.
Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier, World War Z, and Cast Away. Would you like more information about one of these?
X-Men 2 and World War Z are some of his good ones.
Submarine is a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
I don't have any information on the genre for that movie, but I do know that he is a musician and a model.
You are welcome.
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams. Do you want to know more books by him?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, if you'd like to read that one.
It was released in 1996 and was directed by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more of Douglas Adams books?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a historical novel by Adams. It was released in 1985.
You're very welcome!
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I like Nsync, and Backstreet Boys too. Do you like Nsync?
I like them too. I'm a huge fan of alternative rock. How about you?
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
That's right. Did you know he's also a linebacker?
I'm a fan of sports. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure, I would recommend Andromeda, it is an Action/Adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
Similar to TRON: Legacy is Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is written by Craig Monahan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Punisher is similar to L.A. Confidential, you might like that.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is starring Charlize Theron and David Koepp. It's a Thriller!
Yup, Meet the Parents is a comedy and a great movie. Do you like comedy too?
Yes that's a great movie. It was released in 2001 and starred Denzel Washington as well.
No problem! Have a great day!
He wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes, that's a great movie. Did you know Rufus Sewell starred in it?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen it?
The Pianist is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome
Yes I am a tennis fan, but I don't really care for her. What do you think about her?
No, I didn't know that. What genre is that?
American Gangster is a classic! It was written by Steven Spielberg.
That's where Serena live is. I remember when Serena lost her daughter, Serena.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a crime fiction. Have you seen it?
You may want to check out Without a Trace. It's written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C. S. Lewis and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure thing!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2010. It's also written by Jason Reitman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Pandemonium was written by Lauren Oliver and it is a speculative fiction genre. Do you like this genre?
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel. Another speculative fiction book is Zoe's Tale.
It is written by Bob Kane and Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I liked her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
It's a good relationship with Madonna. I wonder if she acted in this movie, would you like me to look it up?
You are correct. That is a great song.
Yeah, she's a great actor. Did you know she starred in The Men Who Stare at Goats?
That is a great musical. Have you seen any other Madonna films?
The movie stars Joel Coen, Joel Coen, Joel Coen, Joel Coen, Josh Brolin
No, I don't.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It is written in English and released in 2014.
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as a few others. Would you like to hear more?
He's a great author. If you're interested in other crime fiction, he also wrote The Usual Suspects.
You're right. It's written by Agatha Christie and it's a film.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks wrote and starred in the movie. Did you know he also wrote Larry Crowne?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It was released in 2011 and starred Channing Tatum and Evan Rachel Wood
I am not sure who starred in it but it is a drama directed by Darren Aronofsky
Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you see that one?
Yep, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Shaun of the Dead, The Godfather, and The Godfather.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on genre for Apocalypse Now. But, I can tell you that Scott Glenn also starred in The Godfather, which is a historical drama.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
It is a drama starring Jason Flemyng and James Russo.
Of course! Other movies in that genre include; Underworld, Zombieland, and The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yes she wrote The Pillars of the Earth, The Duchess and The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with those?
It also starred Shia LaBeouf, Helena Bonham Carter, and Anne Hathaway.
It's a fantasy comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I am a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. They are in the AFC North division. Are you a fan?
Do you have a favorite team? I think they are a pretty good team.
Beatty is a great coach. Did you know that he's married to Gisele Bundchen?
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Zoe Kravitz. It's a sci-fi adventure movie.
That's a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Yes, he is a good actor, he has also starred in The Brave One and he was born in Fayn Rand.
I'm not sure if Nicky was in it, but it would be a good movie. Nicky Katt starred in The Brave One.
You're welcome.
E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
It was released in 1929.
Zooey Deschanel is a good one.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Just Like a Lady, Think Like a Man and Titan A.E.
Yes, it sure is! Unknown falls under the genre Thriller. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes it is a foreign film. Other examples are The Return of the Native and The Titan's Curse. Have you seen those?
Ok, thanks.
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales.
It's a Midfielder, actually. Have you heard of him?
Yes, I believe he is from Wales.
Sure, she is a singer-songwriter, song writer and a musician.
I don't know much about her, but I know she's a singer and a singer.
I'm sorry, I don't really know anything about her. I'm sorry.
I have not, but it's a great Crime Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but i know it was written by Anthony Heald, and starred Stephen Baldwin and Anthony Hopkins.
I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. I think it was a great movie. Do you like his acting?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Dodgers. Are you interested in basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie! Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information. However, I can tell you he is also a teacher and from the United States.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome!
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski is born in Warsaw.
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2011. It is about a prince and philosopher's life. Would you like to read it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a crime fiction?
I agree, If you like Action movies, I would recommend The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne were in it. If you haven't seen it I'll check it out!
You are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery. Do you want more books written by Gillian Flynn?
Harp Objects was released in 2010 and is a Fantasy novel. I think you might like that one.
You're welcome!
The Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel and stars in the movie, Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It was released in 1999 and starred Kenneth Branagh. Are you a fan of his?
It's a Mystery, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Tipping Point book was written by Tim Burton. It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical fiction?
Malcolm Gladwell also helped write David and Goliath too.
Yeah, he did. I'm not sure where they are, but I know he is also a teacher as well.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also directed both Fair Game and Swingers.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Manchurian Candidate is a great one. The Manchurian Candidate is a classic
Sean Penn and Chuck Palahniuk
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he did direct Amadeus. The movie was released in 1999.
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1951. It is part of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It's a fantasy, fantasy, and a fantasy novel. I don't know much about The Silver Chair.
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player and plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
I don't really follow cricket much, but I do know he is a very good player with the Delhi Daredevils. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't think I have. Is he a good player?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I don't know of any movies he is in but he did write and starred in the movie This Is Spinal Tap.
I don't know of any movie, but I can recommend other movies with him: "The Voice" or "The Voice"
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Sure. He's a great author. Some of his other books include A Million Little Pieces. He's also a teacher and a model.
You're welcome.
Great. Have a good day.
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
he wrote the facts and he also wrote the historical period drama, the Harry Potter series
it is a murder mystery thriller
you're welcome
He is one of my favorite German football players.
I don't really watch sport but I know a lot about soccer. What sport do you like?
The only sports I like is American Football. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes, he is. He wrote "Go Further" in the Speculative Fiction genre.
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion, but he was influenced by Kenneth Branagh.
Sure. Added story to your reading list.
He is a very popular author. He wrote The Alchemist and The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with those?
He is also a teacher. He wrote El otoo del patriarca.
It's a Historical novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, he is a professional football player for the New England Patriot's of the Year.
No, I don't have that information. However, it is written by John Lennon
Eva Mendes was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you seen it?
Sure. American Sniper is a great drama and a crime fiction movie. Do you like this genre?
I'm having trouble finding that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes. Martin Scorsese wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's a great movie.
Gangs of New York is written by Steven De Niro.
Step Brothers is a great movie. If you like Step Brothers, you might also like The Handmaid's Tale.
Step Brothers is a comedy. Then you might also like The Handmaids Tale.
Sure. It's a comedy directed by Peter De Niro and was released in 2010. I recommend it.
It's an action adventure movie directed by Peter De Niro.
You're welcome.
Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Tom Hanks is also in the Romance genre. He also wrote That Thing You Do!
Larry Crowne was produced by J.J. Abrams and he also produced That Thing You Do!
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure of the genre, but I do know that Tom Hanks is a great actor. I'm sure you will love him.
You're very welcome!
Yes I can. I recommend Star Wars: Episode II - The Empire Strikes Back.
The Golden Compass starring Liam Neeson is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was directed by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are most welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
Wow that's pretty cool. I'm a Redskins fan so I hope they make the playoffs.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you root for?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team, I really like their coach Tom Werner. Do you like him?
Yes, that is correct. Have you seen that one?
I'm not a big fan of New Jersey but I do know that it was a Major League Baseball team coached by John Farrell
I did not but I will have to watch it again, thank you
John Seelye wrote The True Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, John Seelye wrote The Handmaid's Tale.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Legend of Drunken Master is similar one
you're welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a Thriller or because it is an adventure movie?
It starred Steve Antin, Robert Davi, and Richard Donner to name a few.
Yeah that's what I think of her. I haven't heard of her since she released Baby One Day. What's your favorite song of her?
I'm not sure about that, can you tell me more about her?
I have never heard of that one, what is it about?
No, I haven't read it. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. Unaccustomed Earth is a great book. It is the sequel to The Assassin's Blade.
I do like thrillers. It's one of my favorites!
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these books?
Theodore Lesieg wrote the book Theodore Lesieg and the movie Theodore was released in 1994
The Lorax was released in 1999
Sneetches and Other Stories is written by Veronica Roth.
your welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is your favorite team?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which was released in 2015.
Yes, he sure has. It's a movie based on his book.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1999.
Its a crime fiction, do you like that genre
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
Certainly, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, and Ran.
It's a great movie. Akira Kurosawa starred in the movie.
Zakhm, X-Men 2 and World War Z are some very good ones.
Glad to help, enjoy the movies!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Rhonda Byrne. what else can i answer for you today?
Matt Damon is great. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I think they are doing well this season. Who is your favorite team?
I like the New England Patriots, but I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
That's a great team! Did you know they won the Superbowl last year?
Yes, Michael Jackson wrote Moonwalker which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that was a good movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich
I'm not sure. But, I can tell you that he was a great actor.
Do you like Scream because it is a Thriller or because it is a crime fiction?
You might like World War Z, or Zodiac, if you haven't seen those.
Brad Pitt was a great lead, he also starred in Deep Blue Sea and The Longest Ride.
Yes, they are a pretty good baseball team. They won the World Series in 2007 and just this past October as well against the Dodgers. Do you like them?
Are you a baseball fan? I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though.
I'm not sure. Are they having a good season this year?
He is most famous for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it's a crime action film directed by Roland Emmerich and it stars Ralph Fiennes and Johnny Depp.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men 2 and he also starred in The Wolverine.
That movie is based on a book by Stephen Sommers.
He's the Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story. Both are written by David McCullough.
It was released in 1996, the same year as The End of the Affair was released.
I don't show any more book but I can tell you it was released the same year as The Gate Thief and The Sparrows.
Ok, enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, was a popular movie. Do you want more movies with Marlon Brando?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now, have you seen it?
That's a great movie! Marlon Brando starred in Apocalypse Now, as well as Apocalypse Now.
Ok, great! Then you might also like The Godfather Part II, or Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now.
Yes, you might also enjoy Apocalypse Now.
They are a National Football League in the National Football Conference. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles though. How about you?
Oh he's a great founder. He founded the NFL, he also founded the Manchester United F.C. team.
Who is your favorite team? I think he's from Pittsburgh.
I haven't been following them too much this year. My favorite team is the Redskins. What do you think about them?
I'm actually a Bears fan myself! Did you know they are having a good season this year?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It starred Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Yes, she starred in Beautiful Creatures, which was released in 1999. Do you like her? She also starred in a movie called Beautiful Darkness.
Certainly, it was released in 2007. It is a romance film. Do you like those type of movies?
The Namesake is a book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's in the genre of historical period drama, and the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Xenocide is a speculative fiction book written by Orson Scott Card and was released in 1991.
I've added it to your reading list.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you interested in this movie?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Blake Tollison country singer, songwriter and television personality
God Gave Me You is a country Pop composer/singer. Do you like country music?
I'm not sure where he's started. I don't know where he's from.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it was adapted into a TV series, which was released in 2011. Have you seen it yet?
I'm not sure but I can tell you that The Secret Life of Violet Grant is another TV series. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I am not a fan of Pats, but my favorite team is the Redskins
I've never got into college football, what position does he play for?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm not sure if he's a good coach, but I think Mike Tomlin was a great coach.
I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers won the Super Bowl XXXVIII. That's cool.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Cameron Diaz starred in it. Do you like him?
You bet! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law.
It was also released in 1989
Yes she did, she also wrote Percy Jackson!
You're welcome
Yes, the author is Kim Edwards, and it was released in 2005.
Sorry, I don't have any more information on her.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It is a movie also starring Daniel Day-Lewis
It's more of a Mystery, Suspense, and Thriller. It's more of a thriller genre
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you read that?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is the sequel to A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is written by Richard Stoker
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a film. He also directed Headhunters
No, I don't have that information. However, Morten Tyldum starred in Headhunters and The Imitation Game.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released 2012.
Sure, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but he's a former world No. 1 in singles. He's a great player.
He is also a director, a film producer and a director from the United States.
La La Land is a historical period drama about the life of a young woman in the deserted town of the mountains of a remote Chinese village. The main character continues to be a specializing in the film.
You're welcome.
You're very welcome!
Sure, she starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Sure, it was released in 2013 and co-produced by Connie Nielsen. It's a Science Fiction Film.
Sure! Situation is added to your watch list. I hope you enjoy it.
He was in Friends with Benefits, But I am not a fan of his
It was a snowboarder that was released in 2012
I didn't know she was on that 70s show. I wonder if she was in Friends with Benefits?
I would highly recommend it. It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction.
It's considered Speculative fiction and Science Fiction.
The Last Hero is similar to The Man in the High Castle.
Then I recommend The Emperor of Dune, a drama written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Do you like his work?
He did, and he starred in Star Trek.
Will do, would you like to know more about Randy Pausch?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
Tom Wilkinson starred in the Wackness and he also starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980s
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you interested in other books by him?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Not sure, but you might want to also check out The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Great, I will add it to your reading list!
I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers...The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
Do you want to hear about movies he writes ?
2001 to be exact
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote The Sea Wolf.
Yes, that is correct, with a great cast.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Donnie Darko is a Thriller
He was in the movie The Gathering Storm and Sin City to name a few.
Sure he was in it as well as Seth Rogen. It's a comedy-drama.
He was in Mystic River and Werewolf. Have you seen those?
Shadows and Lies was released in 2001.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus. It was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote The Modern Prometheus.
You're welcome! I think you'll really enjoy her.
It's a psychological thriller. It's starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and Katherine Waterston all starred in Fight Club.
You're welcome.
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a German author, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to read one of his books?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Yes he directed The Siege.
Yes, it stars Denzel Washington.
You got it! Edward Zwick also directed Tropic Thunder which is another great movie.
You are correct. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was, Volcano High is a crime genre film.
You're welcome!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you have a favorite team?
Oh that's funny.. What other sports do you like?
I like both the LA Dodgers. They were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series too.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005.
It also starred Stephen J. Dubner, and Anthony Hopkins.
I'll add it now.
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a drama and a crime movie is a war film.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West is a classic, and Once Upon a Time in America is a classic!
No problem. enjoy.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. You must be a fan of Science Fiction.
There's Welcome to the Monkey House if you're interested in any other books by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Then you might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House. It is a speculative fiction.
He's been in a lot of movies. One of my favorites is To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm not sure of the answer for you.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Republic of Love, The Civil War, and The Civil War.
He directed Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
I'm not sure but it's a science fiction film, starring Jennifer Jason Leigh.
It starred Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson. Do you like those actors?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl
Underdog is a Drama/Thriller film that was released in 1994.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Usual Suspects.
I don't know too much about them. Who is their coach?
I'm actually not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I know they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
No, I'm a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
My favorite Patriots is the Redskins. What's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
American Beauty also starred Sylvester Stallone and was released in 1999.
Yes, it is a fictional film, as well as a comedy. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
That's a great movie. William Hurt and Ty Burrell star in The Incredible Hulk.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
That's a great choice. It was released in 2010.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Die Hard has genre Thriller. are you into thriller movies?
Then you might like Die Hard 2. It's a Thriller similar to Die Hard.
Did you like World War Z because it was a War film?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in The Doors of Perception & Heavenly Creatures
You're welcome!
Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is! She is also a musician and a model. Are you a fan of hers?
She has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. That was a great movie!
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is an action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, another great Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it yet?
It is a comedy with Ryan Reynolds, I think you'd like it too. It's a great movie.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter is starring Jason Statham and Mark Wahlberg. Would you like to know more about Jason Statham?
He was influenced by Stephen King and he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you want to know about movies starring Matt Damon?
Vampire Slayer is starring Lin Shaye. Do you have a favorite actors?
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote The Town, Gone Baby Gone and The Third Wheel.
The Town is classified as a thriller and a drama. Would you like to hear more about this?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. I know he wrote a book called Judgment and Breathing Lessons. Are you familiar with those?
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. It was released in 1926.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to hear more about the title?
It is a literary realism. Do you like those genres?
If you like Romantic Realism, you should check out The House of the Seven Gables or The Emperor of Dune.
You are welcome.
Collateral was written by Tom Cruise, it's a sci-fi, adventure film. Do you like any of those genres?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, The Mask, and The Dark Knight.
I don't have that information but Days of Thunder was directed by Tom Cruise.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk.
He was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I recommend Die Hard 2. It's an action genre,but it is best described as an action movie.
ok great movie. hope you enjoy it
I know that he is a song writer and song writer. Do you like his song New Perspective?
I have never heard of him, is he a composer and songwriter too?
I don't know too much about them but I do know he was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was a great artist and a musician.
Sure, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost.
Yes he was in Star Trek III was released in the year 1974
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922.
The Handmaid's Tale and The Bonfire of the Vanities are very good ones.
Journey to the East was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen them?
He's good! He's a great actor. I'm not sure of Dwayne Johnson, but Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in That Thing You Do!
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice & Virgil.
Not really, but I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Winters Tale.
Yes, she did. She also starred in the film.
It is. Other examples are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and it was written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
You are welcome. There is also the film, The Handmaid's Tale.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is another good one.
I think he is a great player but I don't know much about him. What do you think of him?
I don't have much information on him but I know he is from the United States of America and is also a basketball player
Yes, I know Steph Curry is a basketball player too, do you know who he is?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man and Tis: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
teacher man is in the genre of Memoir. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it is speculative fiction.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal Rising, and more. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2007. It is also a film.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I am not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about them. I think Jose Mourinho is a great coach.
Who is he an athlete?
I'm not sure. What sport do you like?
He is most famous for writing The Sea Wolf. Have you read that?
Sure, White Fang was also considered Children's Literature and Speculative fiction.
It's a boxing drama. Do you like boxing dramas?
Wow, that's a great movie. Did you know it also starred Vivica A Fox?
It's a historical period drama. I'm not sure if you've seen it. Did you?
Yes, that is a very interesting fact. Did you know it was based on a historical period drama?
Me too! Let me know if you need anything else.
Have you heard of A Woman Named Jackie?
It was released in 2009.
That's a great one. J.K. Rowling starred in The Casual Vacancy and The Black Dahlia.
He wrote and directed The Casual Vacancy. Are you familiar with those?
Me too! Have you seen any of the movies or seen any of them?
There are so many great young-adult novels by J.K. Rowling. I would recommend The Great Gatsby or The Golden Compass.
The Divergent Series is a speculative fiction novel written by Jane Austen.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks which is a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Sure, Shrek 2 is written by Mike Myers and Andrew Adamson. Do you like animations?
I don't know too much about them but I do know they are in the National League which is the same division as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
Oh, that's pretty sweet. It's my favorite. But, I'm a Mets fan, and don't think they've acted too. Did you know they won the World Series this year?
That's the only one I really know about Minute Maid. Did you know it was released in 1999?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, Think Like a Man, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do any of those interest you ?
Yes, it's a television series and it was directed by Simon Wincer.
Chealsea is a speculative fiction, fantasy, young adult fiction. Do you like any of those genres?
I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots, but I'm not sure who the best team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong was written by Alice Munro and starred Scarlett Johansson and was released in 2005.
He wrote the movie "It's a Woman" and "The Affair"
I am not sure what year it came out
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII. Who's your favorite team?
Yea, he played football as well. He was a great player.
Oh cool. I'll add that to my list. Thanks for the information.
You're very welcome!
I am not a fan of the New York Mets, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
I'm more of a Mets fan myself. Are you a Mets fan?
I like Field of Dreams because it was a Fantasy movie. Do you like films in that genre?
I think he's a good basketball player but has had some unfortunate injuries through his career. Are you a fan?
I like LeBron James too, he's a good basketball player too. I guess he's from Hawaii.
No, I haven't. Isn't he a basketball player?
It's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Stephen Spielberg and stars Men in Black?
Do you like it because of the author of Men in Black because it is a comedy?
There was no information for that, but it is in the same genre as The Bourne Legacy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure if they do, but The Dark Knight is a sequel.
Happy to help
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. The Golden Fool was written by Chris Weitz.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
It's a classic children's book
Z for Zachariah is a good one, I think you would like it
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Tony Kaye starred in the movie Lake of Fire, it is a crime fiction film. Do you like crime fiction?
Lake of Fire starred Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It's a great documentary.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
Then I recommend . It was released a long time ago.
The Flattered Poems and Other Poems in 1962 are all great poems
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Have you read If You Give a Mouse a Cookie? It was written by Felicia Bond and released in 1985.
Yes. John Curtis also wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
You're welcome.
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor?
The Prisoner of Azkaban is a great movie. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
It's a Non-fiction book released in 2011.
You got it
The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes, he is a great player. Did you know that the Boston Celtics won the National Basketball Association award?
Yeah, he is. He's probably the most well-known player in the NBA.
The Chicago Bulls are an awesome team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you know any of their top players?
I hope they have a good season, but I don't know how they will make the playoffs.
You're welcome.
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
That was a good one. It was directed by Tim Burton. I think you'll like it.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Crescendo is a Romantic Comedy and is a Romance film. Do you like this genre?
Are you interested in Jane Austen or Jane Austen?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
It is a romance novel by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Probably The Meteora album I believe was released in 1995. I am not a fan of their music either.
Andrew Stanton directed all three Shreks and he also directed Finding Nemo.
It was released in 2002 and is in the English language. Andrew Stanton also directed it.
Yes Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well as Randy Quade and Michael Shannon.
You are welcome :)
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
That's correct. Do you like Jennifer Hale?
I have a lot of good family movies. I would suggest Transformers or The Dark Knight, if you haven't seen those.
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
He's also a famous bowler. He was born in Sao Pauli.
He was a writer and an athlete as well.
I think he is from Oakland, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He doesn't own the team, but he is a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Apparently, they are owned by Paul Allen. I'm not sure if he still owns the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is written by John Scalzi and stars Thomas Lennon and Jose Mourinho.
Yes it is, it is a TV series, have you seen it?
Jesus of Nazareth was released in 2001, what else can I do for you today?
I like her song La Tortura. Are you a fan?
Oh yes she is a talented singer. I like Sia Furler. She's also a singer.
I have never heard of that one I know but I am going to listen to Tik Tok
They are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, that's very cool. I'm a Bears fan, but since I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, they're having a good season this year.
Anything else I can help you with?
He is a great basketball player, from what I see. Are you a fan?
He plays the Midfielder along with Griffin. Are you a basketball fan?
He sure does! He is very good, he actually won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
OK, The Pillars of the Earth is a romantic comedy she was in.
You're welcome!
Yes, Brokeback Mountain is a great movie. It stars Kristen Stewart and Thomas Lennon
I would recommend End of Watch, a TV drama.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I believe that is their home venue for the Buccaneers.
I don't watch much football but I do watch the Superbowl for the commercials
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you typically like young-adult fiction?
Would you like to try Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix or The Chronicles of Narnia?
It is a great book, but it was written by J.K. Rowling as well.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It's a great movie. It stars Anna Kendrick and Julia Roberts. Do you like either of those actors?
I think you would like it, I'm glad I could help.
Spirited Away has a genre of Drama and Drama. Is that what you are looking for?
Hmmm, I'm afraid I don't even know anything about Scream of the Banshee, but if you're interested in Japanese language, Hayao Miyazaki also wrote The Shaggy Dog.
Shark Night is a great one starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a gothic novel. It was published in 1993. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower. Dorian is a gothic novel.
It was published in 1991. It's a classic about history.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like it because it's a comedy or because it was a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes Mindy Kaling has been in so many great movies. Have you seen Knocked Up? He was in that as well.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Queen, The Lost Prince, and The Pearl of the World. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter along with Justin Timberlake.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Oh yes, I love her. I am a huge fan of her. Did you know she is from Eureka, California?
Yes, I like Ed Sheeran and Shakira Tera.
I'll have to check it out, thanks for the information.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is directed by Christopher Nolan, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film.
Waterworld is a Science Fiction Film.
You're welcome.
He is a defender on a Brazillian soccer team and he was born in Juazeiro.
Wow, that's very cool. Did you know Dani Alves won the award?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good for them to win their division.
Yeah, they are a team in the NFC North so they are not doing too well this season.
Let's see, that's what he's doing.
Well, would you like to know about other great books by the same author, James Dashner?
It is a book about social criticism and was released in 1838. Do you enjoy that book?
I don't know anything else. But A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
Great Expectations is also a book written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1851.
I don't really know much about working class but I think it is a great book.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. Did you know she wrote The Siren, The Queen?
Sure, she wrote The Siren and The One Minute Manager.
The Selection is a young-adult fiction and The Prince is written by Kierra Cass and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like movies with Tom Cruise in it or do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, it is a Action packed if you like that kind of movie.
A Star is a Romance movie. I'm not sure if it is more of a drama, but I think you might like The Last Samurai.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Children's literature book. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, Memoria de mis putas tristes
Ralph Steadman wrote the Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
Well, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
The movie was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. He also starred in Limitless, a psychological thriller.
The Woods was released in 1997 and is a romance novel.
It's a sci-fi thriller. It's a thriller and was released in 2011.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
no what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
The Raven was released in 1843 along with other great novels during that period.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about him, but I don't know much other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about them either. I don't follow football too closely. Are they good?
I'm not sure about that. But he was born in Barcelona.
Aladdin was released in 2000 and is a war film. Are you a fan of the genre?
Aladdin is considered a family film and Aladdin is a war film.
Of course. Some other examples include the Voyager and The Manchurian Candidate.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair.
It also starred Robert Pattinson, and was released in 2011. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he did, and he also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad to help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Grindhouse, Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he was in Grindhouse. He is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
He has also produced The Return of the Living Dead, which is a classic.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Topher Grace, Ellen Burstyn, Christian Bale are some of the other actors.
You are welcome.
I do! He is a very talented singer. Do you lik his music?
Oh yes. I like her too! She's so talented! Wasn't Nicki in that movie too? I bet you do!
I haven't heard that one. Who is it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones of one
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
It was written by David Sedaris and later turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right! I think you'll really enjoy it.
Oh, great! I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is an adventure film
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great, have a great day!
Your welcome have a great day!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Did you know Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 2005
CCH Pounder starred in City of Bones and City of Ashes. Do either of those interest you?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It is Kevin Zegers a writer and a musician.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
She was in the 2012 movie called Valentines Day, another one of my favorites that Anne Hathaway starred in.
Yes, she was in that as well as Anne Hathaway.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Zooey Deschanel was also released that year.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, or Wildwood Dancing.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, The Da Vinci Code, The Lost Symbol, and The Da Vinci Code. Would you like to know more about any of them?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
The Bourne Identity, he also directed The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Legacy.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and Nikita. Have you seen either of those?
Ponyo is in the genre of Fantasy, do you like that genre?
Lauren Cohan who starred in Ponyo, have you seen him in The Pianist?
Yes, this movie is an Indie film based on a true story and yes it is an adventure film.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more about one of those?
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but I know it was a comedy.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Double Star, and The Double Tongue. Do any of those interest you?
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins, have you read it?
Cool, you enjoy the movie!
No problem, have a great day.
Of course, some great drama books are To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe it is a book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr but it's a great read.
I can also recommend The Bad Beginning, it is a mystery novel.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Certainly, Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Pale Fire. Do you prefer any genre?
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov's author Vladimir Naokov. He also wrote Pnin and Pale Fire.
Yes, he also wrote Son of Nabokov.
It is speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book has genre Speculative fiction and science fiction.
It is a historical period drama and the book was written by Stephen King
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes it is! Kevin Williamson wrote Silence of the Lambs.
No, I'm not a huge fan of her. I don't watch any other sports, but I do know she starred in Sex and the City movie.
That's a classic. I really liked her in Sex and the City movie.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
Wocket in the Pocket is a book written by Dr. Seuss. Did you know he is also a teacher?
That's correct. There's a lot of information about Dr. Seuss.
I love Kung Fu Panda. Did you know it was released in 2010.
He's been in Wrath of the Titans and Unbreakable.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance and Drama films?
Charlie Sheen is the star of the movie. Do you like her?
It was released in 2003
You are in luck, there is a trailers about a trailers.
You are welcome
Sure, it was written by James Cameron and stars Christian Bale who is one of my favorite actors
Yes, he did. It is a great suspense movie starring Glenn Morshower and Bill Murray.
I don't know about Paul Winfield, but I know he starred in The Women of Brewster Place, a historical period drama.
Sure, Robin Givens is great in it. Its a great movie.
She is a British actess, best known for her role in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2001. It is a great movie. Do you like movies in this genre?
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2010.
It is a suspense novel
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Great! You should also check out A Time to Kill or The Tree of Life.
You're very welcome!
You're right!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie.
Idiocracy is a novel by David Lynch. It is a thriller. Are you a fan of his?
It was released in 2013. It's considered a thriller.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it.
Not a problem.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like her work?
Have you seen the Voyage of the Dawn Treader? It is a drama.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but The Sound of Music is a drama.
You're welcome
She starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever seen it?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a Spanish professional tennis player who currently won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I agree with you! I know she competed in the 2012 Olympics. It was pretty exciting. Did you see her in the 2012 Olympics?
That's interesting. Did you know that Garfinkel starred in the Miami Dolphins?
Sure, The Last Hero is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird, which is fiction.
A Stranger in the House of Mirth is a good book
You are welcome!
I love her, but I'm not a big fan of her. What do you think of her?
I don't know a lot about her, but I know she starred in Someone Like You and also in The Wedding Date. Do you know she's a really good artist?
Wow, I didn't know that. I know she has a daughter, Mina Steinbrenner.
He starred in the movies Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
Yes, it is starring Sandra Bullock and it's a comedy with Sandra Bullock in it.
Certainly, he starred in The O.C. which is a Romance film.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy book. Its the genre is fiction.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Your welcome.
He's on the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
He played the Midfielder and forward. Are you a football fan?
He was on that team with the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of the team?
I love her! She is very talented. She is also a model. Are you a tennis fan?
Me too! Brett Ratner is an actor and a musician. What do you think?
I'm not sure about that, but it's a thriller.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells, who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but the book was released in 1999.
She's a great author! Have you read The Amazing Spider Man or The Amazing Spider Man?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
The Recommedation is a book written by Alice Sebold.
yes, Jack London wrote White Fang
you are very welcome
I know she is a tennis player but I don't really know much about her. Do you like her?
I like Yuvraj Singh, he is also a tennis player, and he is also a musician.
Hankovic, he is a good tennis player, but not as much as a player.
Yes, he was. He was the runners up in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is written by Chris Hemsworth?
The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark World.
It starred Chris Weitz, Simon McBurney, and Nicole Kidman.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. J.K won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Troy Garity, which is a Crime Fiction Film
J.K. Simmons starred in Elizabethtown, which is a Crime Fiction Film
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
I haven't read that one yet. Do you know Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House?
He directs a lot of movies. One of them is Donnie Darko which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
John Sayles wrote it, and he also wrote Zombieland and X-Men: First Class.
It's a great movie. It's a historical drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
Did you know Phil won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
I think it is very funny. I think he is also a recurring writer as well. Do you know any other people?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Lady in the Lake and The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm having trouble finding anything similar to Utterly Cold Blooded, but I can tell you more about the movie if you would like.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read any of those?
It's a self help book.
Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese: The One Minute Manager. Is that your favorite book?
Sam Taylor-Johnson directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. It's a teen drama film.
Of course, do you like this author because of the genre or the author, Hunter S Thomson?
He did. Other action films that you might enjoy include X-Men: First Class, World War Z, and White Fang. Do those interest you?
V for Vendetta is considered a political Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
It is considered Young-adult fiction and Historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
I'm not sure but it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 1999 and also Frank Darabont was in it. Do you like Chris Owen?
Great, would you like to hear about other movies he has been in?
Great, enjoy!
He wrote Dan Gilroy. It is a Romance novel. Do you like him?
Matt Damon,Jim Belushi
It is a genre of Romance
anything else you would like to know about?
little town on the prairie
your welcome
Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because of the author, Charlize Theron?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Breaking Dawn
I don't know any similar to him but I can find some good books if you like.
You're Welcome!
Luke Bryan is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Did you know she is a friend with Taylor Swift?
Yes, I do. Did you know she is also a model?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I've heard it's a very good book.
It was released in 1999. It's the same year that the book was released.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. Did you know he also directed The Doors?
The Doors stars Ethan Reiff, Jim Parsons, and Danny DeVito.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, starring Meryl Streep, Michael Madsen and Jeff Bridges.
You're welcome.
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
You're correct. If you like that one, you might like The Name of the Wind. It's a good one.
You're welcome.
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Then I recommend The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction. Is that of interest?
He's a great soccer player from England. He plays the forward position. Do you like soccer?
He also won the MTV Video Music Award.
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and plays for the Brazilian national football team.
Yes, I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
Not really. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles though. How about you?
Yeah, the 49ers were the runner-up in Super Bowl XIX as well.
Do you like pitch perfect because it is written by Ron Howard or because it is a thriller?
She also starred in White Oleander. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he also starred in The Negotiator and The Negotiator.
I don't have any recommendations for that genre but I can recommend Biographical films, Wreck-It Ralph and Waterworld.
A newer one you might like is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
You are welcome.
He's a great actor! He starred in Unbreakable and The Patriot. Are you familiar with those?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he a cricket player?
Not really, I don't follow it much. I prefer American football, hockey and baseball. Do you?
Yes, he is, and he is also a musician and a musician. Do you know any of his other works?
He wrote Uglies and Touch the Dark.
It is a science fiction novel released in 2013
Uglies Trilogy was released in 1980.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team, but I don't know much about him.
I'm not sure, but I know he also plays for the Spain national team.
He did. He also played for Manchester United F.C. I think you'll enjoy it.
I think he was a midfielder as well.
Joseph Heller wrote The Old Man and the Sea of Monsters, have you read those?
He is a war novel, from what I can tell. Did you know he is also a teacher?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E. L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
If you are looking for other books by E.L. James, I can recommend The Alpha Master, The Submissive, or The Magician's Land.
Jennifer E.L. James is the author of this book.
Yes, it was released in 2011
Ok, enjoy the book!
He is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
It is a fiction, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor, he starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote Braveheart. Do you like his work?
Yes he did its directed and produced it too.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything on his work but he was influenced by Djuna Barnes
I'm sure enjoy it.
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Patriotic Prostitutes, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read any of these?
I don't know, but it was released in 1974.
It's a Non-fiction book written by Vince Flynn and was released in 2011.
No problem. Have a great day.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think so, but I'm sure Mike Sellers is still playing for the Raiders.
Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Speculative fiction and fiction. Are you looking for something in this genre?
Me too. It's a great book. Gurihiru is also in the genre of sci-fi.
I'm not sure. I don't have any more information on that author.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and Action. Do you enjoy those? Tropic Thunder has quite a a following.
Ben Stiller is one of the starring actors in Tropic Thunder. Would you like to hear about other movies he stars in?
Janet Stevens starred in this movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Private Idaho, which is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novel?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Secret Life of Violet Grant was released. Would you like to know more about her?
It's a novel.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Tom Berenger, who starred in this movie also starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1999.
Your Welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I do know they are currently rated PG.
I think they were able to better than they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Same here, I am not a big fan of the Steelers. I don't know much about them being in the AFC North so I don't know who they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVII though.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers.
Yes, it was. It starred Clayne Crawford and Bruce Willis. Do you like their movies?
John Liman directed it. Does that sound like something you would be interested in?
No, I don't have that information. However, John Powell directed the movie Fair Game. Do you like his movies?
Yes. He also starred in Water for Elephants which was released in 1999.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. I'm sorry. I don't have much information on her.
Yes, it was. It was written by Steve Harvey.
It's a great movie. It's a Fantasy, Speculative fiction, and Science Fiction. Do you like these genres?
It's a great movie. Some other great sci-fi movies are Zombieland and X-Men: First Class. Are you interested in any of those?
A sci-fi movie is Zombieland, which is a sci-fi.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes he directed 300: rise of an empire starring Sullivan stapleton
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2014. Eva Green, Sullivan Stapleton, and Peter Mensah star in this film.
300: Rise of the Empire was released in 2010.
You might like the movie 300: Rise of the Empire by Peter Mensah or the War of the Worlds.
I'm not sure about Eva Green, but I can tell you she is the director of the film titled I, Robot.
I am not sure but I can tell you she is from New York City.
You are very welcome.
I am a Dodgers fan, but I don't know much about them. Who is the coach?
It's more of a baseball fan. Are you a basketball fan? I don't know much about Magic Johnson.
Well, I'm aware that they were one of the most well-known teams in the league.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1996.
The author of this book was J.R.R. Tolkien also starred in the movie.
I'm not sure of any other books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, but he did star in the film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like Zora Neale Hurston?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that Ernest Hemingway is the author of that book.
I don't have any information on that, but there's The Sword of Shannara.
I don't know too much about Paul Pogba. But I know he is a soccer player from Brazil.
Yes, he's a great player. He plays the forward position. Did you know he's also a player?
I like the Alabama Patriots and the Carolina Panthers. What team do you root for?
I don't know much about them, I don't even know a bit about them. I don't really know much about any other players.
He wrote Das Parfum, he also an author and a screen writer.
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer book written by John Steinbeck it is a Historical novel do you like those kind of books?
Great is it a fiction novel. If you like fiction you should check out Wolf Brother.
I'm sorry I don't show that information. But it is a great book.
I believe it was Karen Hesse wrote that one. She is a great writer.
You are welcome have a great day.
Did you like In Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was a comedy?
Yes, it does. It's a good Psychopaths.
I don't have any information on anything else she's starred in, but I can tell you that Helena Mattsson starred in Minority Report and Cold Mountain.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
She was also in Thirteen. Do you like Romantic comedies?
She also starred in the movie The Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is a genre Science Fiction and Speculative fiction
He wrote The Good Dinosaur which was released in 2010.
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like it because it is a genre of young adult fiction?
It was also released in 2012 and it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Well, you can try Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Okay, you could try Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth and Leonardo DiCaprio.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction book
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I don't know much about that, but Chris Weitz starred in The White Countess and The Golden Compass.
She has also starred in The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass
You are welcome.
He's a great tennis player but I don't know much about him. He's a very good athlete.
I haven't. I think it's been a long time since I watched the match. What sport do you like?
It's always fun to watch. I've never been to a game game before but it does look fun!
Absolutely! Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard and was released in 1946.
That would be Le Petit Prince is a French film.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman?
The Last Stand has a genre of Science Fiction, Action, and Action film. What do you prefer?
Logan is a superhero film and action film directed by David Ayer.
Absolutely, no problem!
Yes! He wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he directed a lot of movies. One of them is The Works, which is a sci-fi. Do you enjoy sci-fi?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Do any of those sound good?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and The Godfather
Godfather was written by Marlon Brando.
The Godfather was released in 1999 and starred Marlon Brando.
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of that movie. Stephen King directed The Dead Zone.
You are most welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you familiar with it?
She also wrote A Piece of the World and The Way Life Should Be
All three are considered children's literature.
I Am Legend starred Willow Smith, Will Smith and Will Smith.
I Am Legend is a film starring Will Smith. I am Legend is a drama. Have you seen it?
He's a great actor! He's also in I, Robot, which is a Sci-Fi movie. I highly recommend it!
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or drama films?
Hot Fuzz is an action film and a adventure film. Other action films are A Bug's Life, Toy Story and No Country for Old Men. Have you seen those?
Yup, White Fang and World War Z are both adventure films.
I'm a fan of We Found Love, do you listen to his music?
I like him, but I don't really care for his music. What is your favorite song of his?
I haven't a lot of money on him, but I did hear he was in a movie called Friends with Benefits, did you know that?
It was written in 1960 by Harper Lee but I don't know much about it.
Yes it was, The Incredible Journey was also written by Harper Lee
I don't have any more information on Les Miserables but it was written by a lot of people. Would you like me to list it up for you?
I recommend The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon.
I don't know any other examples of the genre but I can tell you that Grease is a comedy-drama film that was released in 2010.
Yes, it was written by Hunter S. Thompson and stars Shia LaBeouf, Rob Reiner and Jeanne Moreau.
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, shes a great actor
It also starred Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis
The Denver Broncos are 4th in their division right now. Do you follow them?
A court of wings and Fog City Mavericks are also released in 2017 and they have the same season. Do you like them?
Cold Mountain is a War film starring Channing Tatum and Kevin Spacey.
I did. I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters Inc.
Cold Mountain is a war film also starring Renee Zellweger. I can suggest other movies with him if you would like.
J. K. Simmons is the author of the Young Adult Series. Have you heard of that one?
J.K. Simmons has done a lot of movies. He starred in The Young Sherlock Holmes series as well as The Scout, Whiplash and Up in the Air.
Aside from being a writer, it also starred Scarlett Johansson and John Billingsley.
Ronan Bennett and Michael Mann starred in Public Enemies. Do you like dramas?
Oh, yes. He's been in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Oh, he's down. He's also in The Rum Diary. Oh, it's a comedy.
Oh, it's a good one! I haven't seen it yet, but I'll check it out!
The Fugitive stars Sela Ward and Sela Ward. It's considered a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Harrison Ford starred in the movie The Fugitive. It was released in 1997.
Yes, you should check it out.
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Peter Pan also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It's children's literature, fiction and historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
Yea, he plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, Fast Five is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested in this genre?
I'm not sure but Vin Diesel stars in XXX. Do you like his movies?
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman. Have you read any of those?
Yes it did and Jonathan Silverman also starred in Faizon Love.
That is a great movie. Did you know Tom Berenger, who also starred in that movie?
Yes and Kevin Nealon also starred in That Thing You Do!
Yes he did, along with Helena Bonham.
The Gazebo is a drama as well as a comedy, so I would suggest it.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is Spinal Tap, which is a drama and a crime fiction film. Do you like movies written or directed by him?
It starred Brad Pitt and it was released in 2011.
Seth MacFarlane is not only a director, but he wrote True Grit and Toy Story
Skyfall is a war film starring Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, he has also starred in The Men Who Stare at Goats and X-Men: First Class. Are you familiar with those?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that they produced the film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it is a fantasy movie. I recommend it a great movie.
You're very welcome!
It is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
That's a good one as well as if you're interested in more of her I think she's an actress too.
I am not much of a fan of the Vampires, but I see Janet Evanovich is a great author.
You're welcome!
He directed the movie Three Kings. I am not sure if he directed the movie, but I do know that he directed the drama film Monsters Inc.
It is a fantasy, crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes she was. You should check it out!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I know he was born in Brooklyn, New York City.
That was released in 2008. That's a great book.
Max Brooks is a writer that wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was a great book.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it.
Glad to help.
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? It's a romantic comedy.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
I hope you like them!
Yes, I like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Yes, Michael Endeding Story is written by him in the genre of Fantasy and Action Film.
Did you like Mission Impossible because it was a Action/ Adventure movie or because it was a Action movie?
I think that is a great movie with Tom Cruise. Did you know that he starred in Days of Thunder?
Happy to help
Your welcome.
Great, enjoy the movie!
I do! He's friends with Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake. Do you like him?
I have not, but i have seen him in a movie with him called Holden Scott.
I do, Rashida Jones is a great actor and she was in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like True Lies, you should watch WarGames. It is a spy film.
Yes, it is a thriller film and it is directed by James Cameron.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team. He plays for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, the team is coached by Ryan Giggs and Ryan Giggs.
You are welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, The Last Hero is similar. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in English. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes he did. Onze minutos was released in 1999.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that was a great film. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team and FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like him?
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch football comedies! I like to watch Gymnastics. What about you?
The Redskins is a great team! What is your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of wings is a book written by Peter Hyams.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matashi Shimura, Takashi Shimura, and Hiroyuki Sanada
Yes, he starred in it as well as directed and produced it. You've heard it's a great movie!
He starred in another movie called No Country for Old Men, which is a historical period drama.
Of course! Other movies with the same genre include X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Children of Men, and The Other Woman to name a few.
My pleasure, let me know if you need anything else!
They are a pretty good team, I really don't know much about them. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie.
I have! It's a great movie! You should definitely watch it, it's a great movie!
I'm also a huge fan of Tuck Everlasting, I'm also a Redskins fan.
He directed Battleship with Liam Neeson. Have you seen it yet?
Battleship is a fantasy, adventure film and action film. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome.
Wonder was written by R. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter and Wonder Woman. Both are released in 2014.
Yes, that is correct
I am not sure of the other book released in 2014, but I can tell you it was in English.
your welcome
I recommend the movie Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Wild Things also starred Salma Hayek, Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Spacey.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter which is romance novel. Do you like any particular genre?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, have you read it?
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre book is a good one. Other books in that genre include Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me and Wicked Lovely
I know it was written by J.D. Salinger and released in 1817.
Persuasion is Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion is similar to Pride and Prejudice.
Persuasion is considered Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1817.
You're welcome!
Yes. Do you like speculative fiction or speculative fiction?
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama and crime. Do you like those genres?
Tower Heist is a comedy and was released in 2013.
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, Louise Maude translated Tolstoy's War, Russian. He translated the English version, my apologies.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie! It's a fantasy movie starring Billy Boyd and Bernard Hill. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like him? He starred in the movie Troy.
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I read The Secrets of a Fire King and The Lake of Dreams.
It is a Whiting Writers' Award. Do you like Fiction?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Are you interested in any of those?
I don't have anymore information on the movie. However, Chris Evans also starred in The Nanny Diaries.
It was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Yes he is. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Anything else?
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, I don't follow tennis much. What sports do you like?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics. He was born in Murrieta.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007. It's a fictional supervillain team.
I am not sure about that. There is another book called Welcome to the Monkey House which is a comedy.
Enjoy!
Released in 1997, it was written by Jared Diamond. Do you like Jared Diamond?
It's a romantic comedy. Are you interested in those types of movies?
Terry Pratchet wrote it.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it yet?
He wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Harris Yulin starred in My Soul to Take. Did you know he also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
Glad to help!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
The Vampire was released in 2011. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, have you read The Graveyard Book or The End of the Affair?
There are many great books by Neil Gaiman, including Beowulf and The Graveyard Book.
You're welcome.
Lois also wrote, When you Reach Me, The Titan's Curse, and The Son of Neptune.
It's considered a satire and a satire.
It was released in 1995
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Kevin Spacey, Scott Bakula, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Moon is a historical period drama. It is a great movie!
Yes, I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
I think they will be the Super Bowl this year. What do you think?
Jed Brophy is my favorite player, he is a great QB.
I've always wanted to live it in person. Have you ever been there?
Sure! Do you like it because of the author, George Lucas?
Jim Parrack directed the movie
He also directed Fog City Mavericks: A Space Adventure, Circling the Sun, and Sky High
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
I'm not sure who he is in this film, but he was also in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote the Lord of the Rings series.
J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor , Middle-Earth
White & the Huntsman was directed by John Lee Hancock. Do you like his movies?
Matt Damon and Joe Mantegna starred in it as well.
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction book. Are you a fan of this genre?
I do, actually! He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse, to name a few.
It's a Historical novel, so you may like The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
The Truth About Forever, The Moon and More are some of her books. Are you interested in any of them?
That's a great one! It was produced by Sara Dessen and stars William Hurt and Matt Damon.
Sure, Inception was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and The Time Machine.
Absolutely! Let me know if I can help you more!
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic.
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, it's Spirit Soda Company. I'm not sure if it's Spirit Soda Company, but it's a Family Saga.
That's interesting. I didn't know he was a musician, a musician and a musician?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. Are you looking for other books by him?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Have you read the book or read the book?
It was written by Margaret Mitchell. She's also the author of a book called Old School.
You're welcome!
James Franco has starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes is starring Gerard Butler and it is about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
It was released in 2010.
Enjoy!
Yes, she is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. She is also a writer as well. Have you read any of her other books?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction novel. Did you know she is also a scientist?
Yes, it's a great book. Did you know she's a writer?
I do! He's one of my favorite actors. I liked him in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred James Franco and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
I believe it's a drama, but I don't know what else it's genre.
You're welcome.
I know he is a film director but I'm not sure of the director.
Tod Fennell and Chester Bennington starred in the film.
It's considered a historical period drama as well as a psychological thriller.
You are welcome!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She's a great author.
Jane Austen has also written Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
Paint It It was originally published in 2003 and is a novel.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites! He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his movies?
He's a great actor. If you haven't seen X-Men, X-Men, and World War Z. Do those sound of interest?
Seven Samurai starred Shimura Kurosawa and Akira Kurosawa.
Sure Takashi Shimura, Yojimbo, and Ran.
That was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes, that is correct. He is also a teacher.
Oh, that's right! I didn't know that. Did you know he is from the United States?
I don't know of any other works by him either , but he did write Tropic Thunder which is a classic
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has also starred in such films as The Good Dinosaur and The Good Doctor
You are welcome!
Have you read Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts?
There's The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome.
Of course! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few. Have you read it ?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and A Christmas Carol. Does that interest you?
Charles Dickens did write A Tale of Two Cities. Did you enjoy that one?
That's great! It was made into a play! Have you seen it?
Happy to help! Have a great day!
He is a basketball player from Long Beach, California. He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I do not watch basketball what about you?
Yes, I do. I'm also a huge fan of hockey, do you like to watch any other sports?
I haven't. But, I know they play in the AFC West, which is a tough division. I'll have to check it out.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Neil Gaiman and stars Joseph Gordon- Levitt
He's known for directing The Cosmic Battle of the Ages, I think you might like that one. It's a drama.
Yes, Hellboy is more of a drama or action movie. If you want me to add this to your watch list, I think you'd really like it.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonardo DiCaprio and is a fantasy book. Are you interested in fantasy books?
Yes, he wrote We Are Six and Ayn Rand. Would you like to know more about this book?
Atlas Shrugged was released in 1957.
If I Stay is a young adult fiction film, I would recommend If I Stay. It is also a film.
The Passage, Will Grayson, Wildwood Dancing are some of the young-adult fiction books.
You are most welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films?
Yes, he starred in Kung Fu Panda 2 and wrote The Handmaid's Tale too.
He's a great actor! He's in lots of films, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and High Plains Drifter.
Great! I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
The same author, James Patterson, wrote 1st to Die, which was released in 2001. Are you interested in other books by him?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, It's another good one. You may want to try Jane Eyre. It is similar to The Painted Veil.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. What is your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the sport. But I do know it was in San Francisco. Are you a big fan of the team?
I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What's your favorite team?
He is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes. Tom Brady plays the New England Patriots.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in Coyote Ugly.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 2006 and is a Tragicomedy.
It was originally published in 1997 and is considered a Tragicomedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do, actually! It was written by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Oprah Winfrey, Cicely Tyson and Denzel Washington are in the movie.
It was released in 1999
You're welcome.
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
She did! It was released in 2009.
She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, and The Black Pearl.
You are welcome.
She wrote Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was actually born in London, the year 1932.
Anything else I can help you with?
I have heard of them. I haven't heard of them since I've heard them lately. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did play the piano.
I'm not sure if it is a television show but it is a drama.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like any other books she wrote?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help!
L.A. Confidential is in the genre of Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like this genre?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, James Elliot starred in The Station Agent.
It's a Historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Yes. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also starred Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Certainly. Zodiac was another great adventure movie. Have you seen that one?
CCH Pounder is an author, she wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House. It is a suspense book. Do you like that genre?
Yeah, he did, and he also starred in The Monuments Men.
Oh, that's a great movie!
Zodiac is another movie with the same genre. I think you might like it.
Sure, added them to your playlist.
I love Russel Wilson. He's been in a lot of great films. I think he was best in his role. Do you like his acting?
Yes he does. One of the best quarterbacks in the league!
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is in the fantasy genre. Do you like fantasy movies?
Ponyo starred in Rio de Janeiro and was released in 2011. Do you like other family films?
Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 and was directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It also directed Friends with Benefits, which starred Charlize Theron and Sarah Silverman.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in the movie The People Speak. Did you like it because of the genre Mystery?
I'm sure you'll like Unsolved Angels & Demons, but Matt Damon also wrote The Last House of the Devil.
LOL! It's a great movie! I think you'll enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller, but is also a movie released in 1987. I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, now playing it. Thanks!
I am a fan of him! He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints in his prime.
He actually played for the Seattle Seahawks. I don't think you've heard about him but I don't follow the NFL too much.
It's a hard time because I'm a fan of Matt Brees. What do you think of him?
Sure! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? Critics panned it but I really liked him in that.
Have you seen A Bug's Life? It's one of my favorites.
Ryan Gosling and Scarlett Johansson are also in it. Do you like them?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is also a director, film producer and director. It is based on a modern children's classic.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in Gran Torino. It is also a film.
Cory Hardrict starred in the Warm Bodies starring Cory Hardrict.
Cory Hardrict starred in the movie The Day. Would you like me to recommend movies with Cory Hardrict?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
He wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a Warbreaker. Do you like Warbreaker?
It was released in 2005, the same year The Patriot was released.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
Certainly! One of my favorites is Get Smart, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I don't know if she was in it, but Molly Shannon did star in The Daytrippers as well.
Oh yes, Ender's Game was written by Philip Pullman. Do you like his work?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a great author. He wrote The Gate Thief and Xenocide.
I'm having trouble finding anything else I can help you with?
Great, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in the movie Three Kings
You are very welcome. Take care!
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with it?
I don't know any others, but I know he is a famous actor as well. He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
You're welcome, enjoy!
Anything else I can help you with?
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I don't know any other
your welcome
I love A Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his books?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes that's correct. The Black Cat is a crime fiction. I highly recommend it.
Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Happy to help
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
I didn't know that. I know that they were the runner-up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
John Madden wasdrafted by the New England Patriots, the United States Navy.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you enjoy speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Fellowship of the Ring, and the Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as Speculative fiction.
I know they are a team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Rams!
They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Awesome! But I haven't had a chance to see it. Who is your favorite player?
Of course! I know that Brad Pitt is in the film The Cosmic Battle of the Ages, but I don't know if you're interested in more of his work either.
Have you heard of X-Men or World War Z? They are both historical fiction films.
It's a great movie. United93 stars Susan Sarandon and Michelle Pfeiffer. I think you'll enjoy it.
Of course. I hope you enjoy the film.
I do! It was great in it. Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Return of the Jedi is in the same series.
It's a great movie! It's starring Charlize Theron and Jason Statham.
She's a great actor. I'm sure you'll love her!
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a biography. Do you like those genres?
Yes he was in that film and also it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Cameron Diaz and Laurence Fishburne also starred in it.
Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No, it's written by Nicholas Sparks, but it's a crime fiction book.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I like to watch Wildcats. I also like Vince Vaughn and the Titans.
Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn. I've heard he's good.
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Do you like his movies?
Volcano was a great movie, the same genre as The Fiery Cross. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the Science Fiction Film, the Science Fiction Film, and Thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak and it's a horror film.
Enjoy the movies!
I do. I think it was a great movie. I really liked The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
William Scott starred in The Sandman: Worlds' End.
Great, you may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Charlize Theron. It is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
That's a great movie! Some other thriller movies are Zodiac, The Dark Knight, and The Hunt for Red October.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team. I don't follow international football too much.
Oh yes, that's a very interesting sport to watch. Do you know anything about soccer?
I don't know much about tennis, but I know Venus was born in Honolulu.
I don't really know much but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I don't think so, but I know he is from the United States of America.
He did, the current coach of the Bucks is Larry Drew.
Memento is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is starring Michael Caine and Christian Bale.
No, I haven't seen Wild at Heart but I know I know it was written by Jonathan Nolan
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like her?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he was in The Hobbit series. Are you interested in other movies starring Adam Brown?
He also starred in the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the other Hobbit films.
Great, I will add them to your watch list.
Certainly, anything else you would like to know?
Great, enjoy!
He is a Basketball Athlete who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Yes, he's definitely a good player. I heard he's also a good player as well.
Yes, you are right, and he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Harrison Ford and Shia LaBeouf starred in that movie. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf starred in the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, War of the Worlds and Tower of Midnight
your welcome
Crescendo is a young adult fiction book written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1975.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
Some of her books are Young-adult fiction and Science Fiction as well as a film adaptation. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen those?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction book and it was released in 2011
You're welcome.
The Day After Tomorrow is a good one. I highly recommend it.
Well, it's a Historical period drama, The History of Persia is also a great choice, as well as The Life and Times of Persia.
I would highly recommend Men in Black 3, it is a really good one and a great movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Lois Lowry
Jamie Foxx is in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear about other movies he stars in?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his books?
Yes, it was a very emotional novel. I am going to recommend it next year.
I think it was Message in a Bottle was a book. Not much else.
Mark Margolis is the author of the book.
He is a very well known author. I'm not sure who wrote Prince of Tide, but I have heard of it.
You're very welcome!
Yes. Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan
It's a book that was released in 2007.
You are welcome
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you want to read other books by him, or do you like his work?
Chris Bigsby is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like his books?
Yes, he did. The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and it was released in 2012.
He also wrote The Crucible, The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon.
Sure! The House of Seven Gables was also released that year. Have you heard of it?
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team. Do you like them?
They're not. They're a Super Bowl XXXI. Who's your favorite quarterback?
They're looking for a good quarterback. Their coach Tom Brady is ok, but they haven't won a Super Bowl this year.
Lolita wrote The Other Side of Paradise and The Eight & Matched. Do either of those interest you?
Pale Fire was released in 1998 and is a thriller novel.
Great, enjoy!
you are most welcome.
No, I haven't. I think he is married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Yes, she's a spouse. She's married to Justin Biel since 2012.
Yes, it's a good movie. I think you'd like it. It's a great comedy with Justin Timberlake.
They were written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
It was released in 2014 and is a fantasy novel.
Of course, if you like autobiographies, I would recommend The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
I apologize, I don't have anything else on that one right now. But, I know it was released in 1998.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes. J.K. Rowling also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
It's in the English language and is English.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I'm sorry, I do not.
You're very welcome.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
Who is your favorite team? Mine is the Lakers.
I have a habit of that show but I don't watch it often.
I'll have to watch that one. I'm not a big American TV fan but I've heard it was great.
Yes, one of my favorite shows would be The Proposal. Have you seen it?
Inception starred Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, she was in that movie along with Anne-Marie Duff.
Enigma was released in 1999 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You got it
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the hit movie This Is Spinal Tap.
One of my favorites is When Harry Met Sally, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet.
They are fiction. I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome!
I agree! I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a psychological thriller. Selena is a great actress. She's been in a film called Nuggets.
Did you like Michael Parks because it was a comedy or a drama?
They didn't win but they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Red Sox, did you know they won the World Series in 2003?
It's a very exciting sport. My favorite team is the Red Sox, but my team is the Denver Broncos. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think of him?
He hasn't win as much as his last year, but he hasn't won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yeah, he lost again. Do you like Phil Mickelson?
Yes, The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie Thor.
It's a Science Fiction, written by Tony Gilroy and starring Evangeline Lilly and was released in 2011.
Of course, added to your watch list.
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National League as a member team of the National Football Conference West division.
they moved to Arizona in New York City, but they are a part of the NFC South division
Me too, college football is my favorite team. who is yours?
He's a very good football player but I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they're one of the best team in Manchester United F.C. personally.
I'm not a big soccer fan, but I have watched some game before. What sport do you like?
Al amor en los tiempos del cólera was written in 1985 and was released in 1985.
I am sorry, I do not have any other information on the author. Sorry.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson, are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, it is also a thriller and was released in 2012.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson.
You're very welcome!
Atonement is a great movie! It was written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Nolan.
OK. I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars, if you're interested.
Have you heard of A Christmas Carol? It is a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Ok, some great horror films that you might like include X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and the Order of the Phoenix.
Sure, some of the actors include Zoe Saldana, Billy Crudup, and Harold Perrineau.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is written by Lisa Lee. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Lady in the Lake is a novel and novel.
I hope you enjoy it! Have a great day!
I didn't know that, but I know that she starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
That is true, do you have any information on anything else?
Yes, it is. It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1600.
I agree. Romeo & Juliet is my favorite too. I think Juliet is my favorite. What about you?
No, I am not sure. Do you like any other genres?
Sense and Sensibility is written by Hugh Jackman. Do you like his books?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
He's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I think she was married to Mirka Ishiguro. Did you know she was also a musician?
I do, did you know he also starred in a movie called Once Upon a Time in Mexico?
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Avatar was also starred in The Aviator. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in The Aviator. Anything else I can answer for you?
Ok! I will add it to your list!
He wrote Summer of Sam, which is a drama. Do you also like drama?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is starring in it. It's a drama and crime fiction film.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
It is a speculative fiction novel. Does that interest you?
I dont know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you like to send it to you now?
He is a golfer from England. Are you a Golf fan?
yes i love golf. what is your fav player?
i didnt know that. what sport do you like?
I don't watch baseball either. What sports do you like?
wow. that is a great sport. what is your fav sport?
Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback and has a brother named Jordan Rogers. do you like football?
I think they are a pretty good team. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Cam Newton. He is the current captain of the Atlanta Dome.
Yeah, that's a great team but he had a good season this year.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Elie Wiesel as well.
I'm sorry, I do not but it was released in 1958.
The Man in Havana was written by Marion and was released in 1958. That is a great book!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. Would you like more information about Ethan Suplee?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Titans.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, they have worked under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like electronic music?
I don't think Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't have any idea. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
Oh, that is a great one. Thanks for the advice, I might give it a try.
Oh, I didn't know that. Good to know, thanks for the information!
Oh wow! He's a very talented man.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. He also directed Hotel Rwanda, a crime fiction film.
He also directed Hotel Rwanda, which is a comedy.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Your welcome.
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2010.
He actually has a lot of professions but I'm not sure if it has a picture of it. The Lord of the Rings was listed as a biography.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Victor Fleming and Michel Gondry.
He has also starred in The Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, and State of Fear.
Turbo is a science fiction film directed by David Benioff.
It is a sport/action film.
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice In Wonderland was written by Linda Woolverton
Lewis Carroll wrote The Road to El Dorado. Anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you today?
Aside from being a writer, I can recommend The Incredibles, I can recommend The Road to El Dorado, Zombieland, and Zookeeper.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell both starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I don't know much about it, is it a basketball movie like Space Jam?
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Broncos.
I like hockey and baseball. How about you?
I'm not a big sports fan but I've heard they're doing well this year.
I do. It's a great movie. It's a very good movie. Do you want to know more about this movie?
She's a really talented singer. Did you know she's also a musician?
I haven't heard anything recently, I know she is married to Kelly Clarkson. Do you have any favorite songs?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice.
I prefer heavy metal and rock as I think it's the best.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis.
Do you like Shooter because it is written by Stephen Hunter or because it is a Crime Fiction?
Another movie written by Stephen Hunter is Shark Night, and starred Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Rum Diary starred Amber Heard, she's a great actress.
You're welcome!
He's a pretty good golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's one of the best golfers of all time. Do you have a favorite sport?
No, I haven't but I do like golf more. Do you have a favorite team?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone. Do you like her?
You're most welcome. Tamara Taylor also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
It is a thriller, but it is also considered a horror film.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Michael Gondy is the director of the Moviegoer and he directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Be Kind Remind starred Ralph Fiennes, Ralph Fiennes, and Lukas Haas.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like their song Almost Heaven, it was very funny. Do you like any of their music?
It's so good, I think I'll watch it now. I don't really know anything about it either.
I'm not a fan of the Jackson but I do know he was in The Wiz. Are you familiar with that?
I didn't know that, it's too long ago. Diana Ross is the creator of The Wiz but he did write it!
Oh yea! I'll have to watch it again!
He plays for the Argentina national football team. He is a midfielder.
How do you feel about Manchester? I don't really watch soccer, but I know he's really good.
I don't know much about him, I know he's a Brazilian professional football player. I think he's a very popular player.
Sure, Shrek is written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
Sure, are you looking for movies with David Burns or other movies with the same actor?
Rob Zombie and Jeff Bridges are the starring actors in this movie.
You're welcome.
White Fang is a good one, have you seen it yet?
It's a great movie. Lea Thompson and Owen Wilson starred in it.
Randy Quaid starred in Wild Life. He's a great actor.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Silence, have you read them?
She also wrote Silence.
Hush hush is a fantasy book and Crescendo is a fantasy novel
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was good.
He also directed the comedy Grey's Anatomy
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone starred in it.
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Rango is an adventure film starring Gil Birmingham and Jeff Bridges. Do you like adventure films?
Yes, Rango is considered an action film and a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome!
21 Jump street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Would you like to hear more about those actors?
Ride Along has a cast such as Chris Miller and Ben Stiller. Are you familiar with those?
Glad to be of help, what else can I do for you today?
Zero Dark Thirty is a good one by the way. Have you seen that one?
I do! I really liked A Little Princess, which was written by Nancy Bond. Have you read it?
Alright! That is a great book! You should give it a try.
I'm going to suggest The Vampire Chronicles. It's a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, and Mockingjay.
The Passage was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
I know she wrote Mansfield Park, which was released in 2012. Do you want to know more about her?
Mansfield Park is considered a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good one. Have you seen it?
He wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Are you looking for any particular genre?
These books fall into the genre of science fiction and children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie was released in French but it has a genre of Historical period drama and romance.
You're welcome. He also directed A Very Long Engagement which was released in French.
I don't know his recent song, but I do know he composed We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, he is. He's a great singer. Do you like his work?
He's with the United States label of Universal Music Group
Great choice, have you seen Marlon Brando in The Young Lions or The Wild One?
OK. Viva Zapata was great in The Young Lions. She also starred in a Biographical film called No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
I've both of them. It's a drama. I think you'd like it.
I do. I think Curry is a great player. I'm a huge fan of the Curry. How about you?
Yes I am a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team in 2017.
Yes he did it was the NBA All-Rookie Team in my opinion
Mervryn Peake is a female author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was born in J.J. Abrams.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was the original tale.
He has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Pale Fire.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
It was directed byigi Pistilli and it was released in 1999.
Yes she was, she was the producer for The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie.
Your welcome.
Drinking Blue was a good one. It was released in 2004.
Yelling to the Sky has a genre of Suspense, crime and comedy. Do you like those genres?
Well, I know that he starred in The Wedding Planner, which is a comedy.
Ok, would you like to send it to you?
I will send it to you now.
Do you like The Dark Knight because of the genre of Superhero or Crime Fiction?
many in the genres including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil and Public Enemy.
adventure genres include X-Men, World War Z, and White Fang. Do any of those sound good?
Certainly it is a blockbuster starring Robert De Niro and Emilio Estevez.
Certainly. Anything else you would like to know?
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
The Blue Castle came out in 1988. It is a mystery thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Royal Tenenbaums was also released that year.
Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. anything else i can answer for you?
Then I recommend You Do! Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Christopher Meloni stars in Rodanthe.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes he did! It is a crime fiction film.
I think you might like The Green Mile, or The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome.
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard any of those?
I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like all of his music. One of my favorite artists is Vivica A. Fox. What about you?
I like her too. He has a great voice. I think she's as good as Selena Gomez.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a crime thriller and it was released in 1995
you are very welcome have a great day
you are very welcome have a great day
It's a great movie! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Kenneth Branagh or because it was a comedy?
Judd Apatow starred in Knocked Up was released in 2012.
oh that's all I really know is that it was filmed in San Francisco, have you seen that one?
You are welcome!
I don't think so, Paul Pogba is a midfielder for sure.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups to the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I do like American football as well. Do you like any other teams?
I don't know if he was into football, so I know some other people who don't know much about Ryan Griggs.
He's not my absolute favorite athlete, but I think he's a great athlete. Have you seen him play Twisted?
It's a drama. Do you like drama? He wrote The Manchurian Candidate
I'm not sure about that, I don't believe so. He directed The Matrix Revolutions.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Shelters of Stone. Do you like her?
I do not have that information but did you know she was born in Saginaw?
Yes he is from the United States.
Yes, she was in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It's a Historical novel, similar to a Historical period drama.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I love her! She composed Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hanks is friends with Julia Roberts?
I don't know much about Ashton Kutcher, but I know he also starred in Man of the House. Have you seen that one?
Do you like this book because of it's author Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is a mystery novel.
Sure! It was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative Fiction. It was released in 1997.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Sure, do you like this because of the genre or the actors?
Skyfall is a suspense movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It starred Reese Witherspoon, Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Well, from what I can tell, they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXI. Did you know that?
Yes, the Steelers were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie I liked.
Yes, I have seen Unfinished Business. It is a thriller.
I do like hip hop as well. Did you know Tom Everett produced it?
I like rock as well. I also like the Waves which is my favorite.
Yes and Wicked was also released that year.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, they are also young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
That's a great action film. I haven't seen it but I do know that he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like action films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. She's also starred in The Handmaids Tale
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a sports team. I'm not sure of the name, but Frank McCourt is also a businessman.
I'm sure there was a lot of information on that one. I think Angela's Ashes is a good choice. But, I think you'd like to visit it, too.
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Do you like those actors or genre?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
21 Jump Street was released in 2009
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great one. I have also read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, have you read it?
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in Zombieland?
Oh yes she is good as well. I actually don't know she was on that show but she did a great job as well.
That's a good one. I'm not sure what year it was released, but it was a great song.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
The Lord of the Rings came out in 2007.
The Lord of the Rings was actually released in the year.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that is correct.
James Rodriguez is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He plays as a point guard for the Miami Heat of the Premier League.
Not really, I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What team do you like?
He plays the Midfielder and forward. he is also the member of the league's National Football team.
The Matrix is both written by Lana Wachowski and starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like to hear more movies in that genre?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy and sci-fi movie. Do any of those interest you?
Would you like to hear other Martial Arts films?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it yet?
It's a good movie, Kenneth Branagh stars in it. Do you like her?
Yes it is, Groundhog Day is considered a romantic comedy as well as a romance and a historical period drama, as well as romance.
Vivica A. Fox and Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2. Those are two of my favorite films.
I'm not sure but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was released in 2001. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2011. I don't show any more information on movies.
I don't show any other information. However, The Great Yokai War was written by Peter Benchley who also starred in The Civil War.
Sure, now playing it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books, The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz series. The next in the series is Ozma of Oz.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't heard any of her music but I have heard a lot about her. I haven't heard much of her music since I've been listening to her.
No, I haven't heard of it, what type of music do you like?
Yeah, that's what made her appearance in the music video. Did you know she's also from Compton?
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, a crime fiction novel. Have you read it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Roger Allam and Danny DeVito. It's a comedy.
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Tony Kgoroge and Dwayne Johnson. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have anything on him, but I can tell you he wrote, directed, and produced it!
I can tell you he wrote the movie, The Fault in Our Stars, but I don't have information on that.
It's genre is Thriller and Drama. Did you know it was released in 1999?
You're welcome.
Sorry, I can help you with anything else.
Guy Kawasaki has been in so many films. One of them is A Bug's Life. Have you seen this one?
I'm sorry I don't see that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary. Are you interested in that?
The Terminator and The Ugly Truth are two books written by him.
It was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't know much about him. I think he's from Chicago too. Who do you root for?
I don't really know any other point guards that he is known for. I don't know if I heard about him. What team do you like?
I'm pretty sure it's possible. I didn't know he's an author too. He's probably one of the best.
I am not a fan of the New York Mets, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I'm a NY Giants fan. But, I like the Red Sox. What about you?
He is a good soccer player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
Yeah, he's good. He's also a forward for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, that's really cool. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's a fantasy movie. You should see The Mummy Returns.
The Mummy Returns is written by Stephen Sommers, but it's more of a thriller like The Mummy. You might also like The Scorpion King or The Legend of Drunken Master.
It's a fantasy, but I'm not sure if it's the same type of movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a post apocalyptic fiction, do you like this genre?
Have you seen White House Down? It was an Indie Film starring James Patterson.
Great choice! Other movies in the Indy category include The Longest Ride, Interstellar, and The House of Seven Gables.
I do! It's a really good movie. I think it's a really good movie. Do you know who wrote it?
Sure, World War Z, White Fang, and World War Z are some of the best action movies.
Pound of Flesh was released in 1997. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can. I am unsure of any works by P.C. Cast. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm not sure about young adult fiction, but I can recommend Xenocide, The Handmaid's Tale, and The Book Of Mormon.
It's a Paranormal romance novel by Melissa Marr.
Wicked Lovely is part of a series. Some of the other books include The Chronicles of Narnia and Redeemed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you looking for more books by this author or more of the genre?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is that one. You should check it out.
You are welcome.
They are a pretty good team, I think Tom Brady is their quarterback. Who is your favorite player?
Not really. I'm more of a Redskins fan. They're currently in the NFC West, and they're a good team. Who do you think?
He's married to Gisele Bundchen, her husband is a former world No. 1 in singles. I'm sorry.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
Its a great movie! It stared Laurence Fishburne, Liam Neeson, and Dustin Hoffman.
I'm not sure. Eli Craig directed it.
Sounds good. Have fun!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi or Thriller?
X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian are good ones. Have you seen them?
it was a great movie. It stars Jack Nicholson, John Ratzenberger, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
I am not sure of his other works, but I can tell you he directed A Time to Kill and starred in it as well.
He is one of my favorite artists. I like him as well. Are you a fan of him?
That is an interesting fact, I did not know that. What is it about?
Yes, Russel Brandt was in that movie. It's a drama, comedy, and a biography. Do you like him?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn.
I like him, too! He's such a great actor! I know he's also in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few.
Yes, that was a great movie. I highly recommend it if you haven't seen it.
Oh yes! The Devil Wears Prada was written by Anne Hathaway and was released in 2012.
Perhaps you would like Romantic comedies then, have you seen this one yet?
I do recommend it, it is a great drama film
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a crime, suspense, and action film.
Underdog is one of my favorite movies. Most of his movies are in the same genre as The Wizard of Oz and Invisible Man.
Tom Wilkinson and Jennifer Lawrence starred in this movie.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Patriotic Prostitutes, and The Rock of Destiny.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
I don't know him but he is a film producer and a film producer. Are you familiar with his?
You're welcome!
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
The Rum Diary is a good one. You should give it a try.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Destiny, and Ship of Destiny.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Destiny, and Ship of Destiny.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is, similar to Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
I'm not sure but it was released in 1969.
Great!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J. Maas and released 2012 and is written by Sarah J. Maas. Do you like dramas?
Yes, there is a movie released in 2014 and starred Will Smith.
Sure, there's The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows
You are welcome!
Sure, some movies she's starred in are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, and White Squall.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it. If you like Mark Boal, you might also like The Hurt Locker.
I'm sure she is, I'll add the movie to my list.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either, but I know he plays soccer for the Colombia national football team.
He's from Columbia isn't she? I know she was born in Bogota.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
I am a fan of the Broncos. I like the Broncos. I think they are doing well this season.
I know they are a football team in the US.
I am a big fan of soccer. Paul Pogba is a midfielder too. Do you like that sport?
I'm a huge fan of soccer, but I do watch some other sports sometimes. I like football and baseball. How about you?
Yeah, he was a great player. I'm a huge fan of his but I'm not sure what he is doing, what is his team?
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the Self-help genre. Would you like to read more books by this author?
He wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest of Hands
The Mists of Avalon was also released that year
ok great what else can i help you with?
It's a great movie! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action film. Do you like those genres?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie, I would suggest it, it is a great movie
Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because of the genre of adventure?
He also played in the movie The Rum Diary have you seen it?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by David Koepp. Do you like his work?
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen that one?
Prefontaine is a great historical period drama. You might also like The House of Mirth, or Assassin and the Desert.
Well, if you want something totally random that just ask, I would suggest The House of Mirth, or Count Zero.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do. Lauren Oliver is a wonderful author. She wrote Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read them?
It's a young-adult romance novel. I highly recommend it.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine. Did you know that he wrote Yellow Submarine?
That is a good one, did you know that he also plays the Tambourine?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox. He is a professional basketball player.
That's very cool. Do you have any information on what he is doing?
Yes, he was born in Australia too.
That's a great movie. Did you enjoy it because it was a mystery or a crime fiction?
Zodiac is a sci fi movie, as well as Zombieland.
It's a good movie. It was released in 1851 and starred Jason Bateman.
Glad to be of assistance
I am not a huge fan of his but I do know he starred in Harsh Times. Which is your favorite movie?
Yes, great movie. Would you like to hear about other films he stars in?
The film was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and it is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, The Throne of Fire was the next in the series, have you read it?
your welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Argentina national football team and Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, American Football team is a team with the Argentina national football team. Do you like any other sports?
Yes, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
He's such a great actor. He's written Z for Zachariah, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Are you interested in any of those?
yes it was in English.
Waiting for the Barbarians is a great book.
Haha. Thank you for all the information.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like basketball, but my favorite team is the Lakers
I don't follow them too much, I know they're in the AFC West division. Are they your favorite team?
I see he wrote Candide. He wrote Candide.
Voltaire was influenced by Virginia Woolf and was released in 1726.
I would highly recommend The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man. They are both musicals.
You're welcome.
Sure, Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. That's a great children's book.
The Tao of Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. That's a great children's book.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't but I know he's a great athlete. Did you know he's also an athlete?
Yes, he is a midfielder and forward. Do you like soccer?
That's where the Green Bay Packers play.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
I like to watch football movies. What is your favorite team?
Do you like it because it's young adult fiction?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction would fall under genre Thriller.
John Travolta also starred in Confederacy of Dunces.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
It is a young-adult fiction book. It was released in 2011.
Yes, he wrote The Son of Sobek which was released in 2005.
I'm not sure.
Ok, I have no information about Spanish.
No problem!
Baseball is my favorite team. My favorite team is the Dodgers though. How about you?
They did! They have a pretty good team. They're in the AFC West, which is one of my favorites.
I'm sorry, I don't. I'm sorry.
The Tennessee Titans is a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the team?
Yes, he is a free agent. I'm not much of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan, but I do know that Drew Brees, who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him either. What is your favorite player?
It was written by Saulius Dagys and released in 1997.
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her?
Cops is the author of The Scarlet Letter. Does that sound interesting to you?
Oh that's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
Yes he is, he is a writer and a film producer.
That was written by Tim Dolin. Are you interested in books by Tim Dolin?
Thomas Hardy also wrote A Scandal in Bohemia, in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891 and it's a Non-fiction. Do you like non-fiction?
It was released in 1901, the same year as The Return of the Native.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman starred in The Hate Me too. Did you know she was also in She's Come Undone?
You are most welcome!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
I'm not sure but I can tell you she also starred in Les Visiteurs.
Yes, it is a French film.
Sure, I've added it to your watch list.
He's a golf player. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. I remember when he was playing with the Manchester United F.C. team.
I believe so. I'm more of a golf fan. What sport do you like?
Yup, I think he composed Van Morrison, he was a great actor. I wonder if he influenced his music, but I'm not sure of his name, but I know he starred in Beloved.
Sure, another great sci-fi movie is Zombieland, have you seen that yet?
It is, similar to Zombieland.
Well, it isn't that there's the same type of movie, but the Island of Dr. Moreau is in the same genre.
Great, let me know if you need anything else!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Are you interested in other thrillers that you might like?
The Neon Demon is a movie with a little bit of drama genre, and was released in 2012.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
I do! She sang Jar of Hearts and a Thousand Years. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, they won the BNC Award in 2011.
I like a lot of different people. I think I heard he's my favorite though.
I'm not sure about that, but I believe it was released in 1997.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Fiery Cross is a book of the same name written by Diana Gabaldon, it's a historical novel. Is that something you are interested in?
Sure! He's a great author. Some of his most well-known works include The Tree of Life, The Magician's Land and The Son of Sobek.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read those?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II? Todd Philipps wrote that
I have not seen it myself. Can I help you with anything else?
Definitely! He is a great player, I think he is best known for his role in the NBA. He also played in the 2012 Olympics. Do you like it?
Yes! It is a great movie. I really enjoyed it. Have you seen it?
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but I know Hans Christian Andersen is a director as well as a scientist. I haven't read any of his work before but he also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read any of his books?
She sure did. You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe didn't he?
I'm not sure but I know he is from Spain
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
There are so many great books to read. What kind of book do you like?
Up was written by Pete Docter and its a family movie. It's a great movie.
She's written The Journey to the Center of the Earth, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
It is a crime movie. Would you like to know more about Craig Ferguson?
I recommend World War Z which is also a Family movie
You are welcome!
Sure, they're coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Leslie Alexander.
the runner up was the runner up in the 2010 NBA Finals
I don't know much about Hardaway but I can tell you that he was the runner up for the NBA finals
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
Sure, Panic Room is similar.
It is a crime movie, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
I'm not sure what production company.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
Oh nice. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Do you know who owns the team? Randy Lerner is the owner of the Houston Texans.
Oh, that's very interesting. It's that the United States team is owned by Bob McNair. He's also from New York City.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. Are you interested in Japanese literature?
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, he is also a teacher!
I am sorry not sure what it is about but I believe he also wrote
I am not sure but he also wrote .
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kinds of books
I'm not sure of the genre but I can tell you it was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote the book and also the book was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
Sure. Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like that genre or the actors?
Predators was released in 2010, I don't know any other Sci-Fi movies.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and it was released in 2012.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Selena Gomez it is a great drama movie. Do you like drama?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, The Manchurian Candidate, The Confession, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're very welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Are you interested in any other movies starring Topher Grace?
Yes, it is a lady from Sex in the City, she is also in the Hair Show.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
William Hurt starred in The Client, which is a Romance film.
He is a great actor! He has written many good books, including Thir13en Ghosts, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
He starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero, which is a thriller.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, Unbreakable is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Happy to help
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I'm a big fan of both football and football. What sport do you like?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's my team!
I don't really follow them that much but I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I like the Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles. What team do you like?
Yes, the Patriot's won the Super Bowl XXXII, Super Bowl XXXI, and the Super Bowl XXXI.
Oh yes, Outlander is a great book, I would recommend it because it is a science fiction piece. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. These are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneocide is the first film in the series The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're welcome.
I heard it's written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
That's a great book. Did you know it was released in 1960?
I couldn't find anything else I can help you with, but if you're looking for something else I can help you with, I can recommend The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Spirit. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
They are a soccer team, did you know they are coached by Louis van Gaal?
Well, I know that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I believe he is a musician but I don't know much about him. What sport do you like?
Sure, One for the Money is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Princess Diaries.
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight
Yes, it is part of the series.
You are very welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller, crime fiction, drama, and a crime fiction film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which was a drama. Do you like drama?
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very funny!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but she did write a television show called You've Got Mail.
She has starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Women of Brewster Place.
Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen those?
Well, A Walk to Remember was also directed by him, and it was released in 2011.
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was released in 2011.
Well, it appears that he directed it, but I'm not sure who he directed it, but I've heard it was good.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in thrillers?
Mr & Mrs Smith is an animated film. Are you interested in animated films?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller movie. Donnie Darko is a Thriller film. Donnie Darko is a Thriller film. Donnie Darko is a Thriller film. Donnie Darko is a Thriller film.
Yes, he did write the Box. The Box is a Thriller.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and is a drama film.
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars? They are both Fantasy films.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
The Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or genre?
I'm not sure about Queen of Shadows but I can tell you that Sarah J Maas is a drama
I'll take you there to read the next book in the series.
Yes, this movie is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/ drama that was released in 1997.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It's a drama. Do you like drama? It's similar to The Wedding Date.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like The Proposal because it is a drama or crime fiction?
You should check out True Romance if you haven't seen it already.
All About Steve is a drama, comedy, and action film.
Your welcome enjoy
I've never read that one, but I know that it was written by John Green and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Forest of Hands. Would you like to read any of those?
It's an example of a book written by John Green as well.
You're welcome!
I am a fan of Outlander, do you like the genre or would you like to hear about other books written by Rick Riordan
That was released in 2014.
That's a great question, it's a science fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park is the first piece of a trilogy written by Rainbow Rowell
Yes, she wrote it.
They are Romance and Landline, Historical fiction
You're welcome!
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also directed the film. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, Wreck-It Ralph was written by John C. Miller and Mindy Kaling starred in it. He also directed the Rom-Com movie, which is a family film.
I'm not a huge tennis fan, but I do know she's dating Rory McIlroy.
I like Serena better than Venus. I think Venus has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Serena. Venus has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Serena.
Hair Show is a comedy. It's a great Comedy.
Sure! He's a great director. Have you seen Apocalypse Now? He wrote this one.
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen include Jessica Biel and Stephen McHattie
Sure, it is a comedy and a bit of Western genre. Not sure if it is a good choice, but it is a great movie!
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past is a really good one, and X-Men: First Class.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Okay, then you should read the next in the series, The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It's a part of the Gemma Doyle series, but I don't think it is a series. It's the next in the series, but the next in the series is called The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Of course, I think you'd enjoy the next in the series, The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That's a great one!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurier, in 1938.
It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
No. I'm sorry.
No problem! Anything else I can help you with?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was the owner of the Denver Broncos, but he was a former world No. 1 in singles. He is also part of the National League East division as well.
Case Case is the current coach of the Broncos. I'm not sure who their coach is.
What sports do you like?
He's a great player. Did you know Curry was a basketball player?
I believe he plays soccer for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure but I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, that is where the home stadium is located.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
It is also a Fantasy book, so I would recommend it if you like that genre.
Great, some science fiction books you may like are Xenocide and the Lord of the Rings.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I haven't heard of him, what is the genre of his music do you like?
I like the song Love It, which is my favorite. Do you have a favorite one?
No, I haven't. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Sure! You may be interested in The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Jules Feiffer.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel and The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois. The coach of the Wildcats is John Lennon.
Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs which was released in 1595.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote Micmacs.
Zulu stars Jefferies and Anthony Heald. It is an action film.
You are welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of the Planet of the Apes, and The Future of the Human Division.
Well, it's a good one for young-adult fiction. I read it's a great read.
That's a great one. It was released in 2007.
It's a great book! It was written by Emma Stone and released in 1895.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are two of her most popular books by Jane Austen.
Lady Susan was published in 1817.
You're welcome!
I do! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like his work?
Winter's Bone is a good one, have you seen it?
The Red Violin was released in 1997 and stars Gwyneth Paltrow, Michelle Williams, and Josh Brolin. It is a mystery movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
