Sure. It's a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Well, it was fantastic! The movie Women in Love is a similar romance film to that one, have you seen it?
I believe so. It was similar to The Hitman's Bodyguard. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered action movies. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie. It's a great comedy.
She's been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, She's a voice actor, and actress
No. I don't have that information either.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, It comes under Young- adult fiction, Children's literature genre
no, but i can recommend What Happened to Goodbye if you like.
yes she did. are you a fan of this genre?
no problem. I am glad that I could help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
It's considered a Romance film. Do you like Romance Films?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle. Have you seen them?
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians, but is a midfielder.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Absolutely, have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. I don't follow the Warriors much. Do you like basketball?
Oh nice. I watch Basketball sometimes. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh, that's too bad. I loved him in Sex and the City.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, you are correct. Do you want to know more about Shaun of the Dead?
Sure, it was released in 2004.
No problem, enjoy.
He starred in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Why Did I Get Married Too is another good Romance film in that genre. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Yes, that was a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them ?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
If you like Mcg, you should check this one out. It is a great movie.
It was written by Julie Garwood and released in 2006.
Fiona Shaw starred in this movie. Would you like to hear more about her?
Here are two good ones: World War Z and Walking Tall.
No, it is a Horror film, similar to Where the Stranger Calls.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film released in 1999 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Then you might enjoy Tender is the Night.
Theurgeon is written byurgeon Surgeon. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Do you like the book because it was a romance or because it was a fantasy?
She's written The Shadowhunter's Codex, and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rupert Grint and Nathan Lane starred in Unforgiven.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Rise of the New York Giants.
Those are good ones. I haven't seen them yet, but I've heard they're good.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you heard of any of these?
Yes, He starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Die Another Day with Michael G. Wilson. Did you see it?
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was married to Sean Penn from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
I don't see that information, but I can tell you that Guy Ritchie also starred in Scream 4 and Snatch.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he did. I'm a huge fan of Cricket. I believe he's from India.
No problem. I am happy to help.
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
few of Amy Poehler's books are When We Were Very Young. what else can i do for you?
Lorne Michaels starred in the movie. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey what else can i answer for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team.
I don't. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind which is a comedy.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Colombiana also stars Liam Neeson. He is a great actor
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are having a good season.
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated :)
Thanks for the information.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The Day After Tomorrow, and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Have you seen them?
George Clooney is so good in that film. He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake was also written by that author.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend with a Tyga and Baby and she has a very good hits
Do you like pop music?
You know, I am not a fan of the pop artist, but I do know that they are under the same genre. What genre are you interested in?
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that Wolves of the Calla was released.
I like thrillers also. Then you might like Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven, Do you like Dramas?
Yes he did in that movie too! He was also in Need for Speed, also that good movie.
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which was a comedy.
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy drama starring Jim Carrey and Marlon Brando
I don't know of any other films he wrote. Sorry
You're welcome!
I know he was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like his music?
A Thousand Years is one of my favorite songs
Yes, i like them too, i also like the song Tiny Dancer
Yeah, he is, he is such a beautiful singer. I'm also a fan of his
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I haven't seen that one but did you know that Ben Stiller also wrote Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like her work?
Then you might enjoy Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure of the exact year
I would like to know more
Your welcome
Of course! Oldboy is a Thriller. Other movies in the same genre are; Unforgivable Blackness, Underworld, and Inception.
Have you seen the Scream 4. It is a crime fiction movie written by Oldboy.
It stars Jenna Boyd, Clint Eastwood and Rupert Graves.
She starred in the suspense film, Predators.
You're welcome!
Hello, I can recommend a movie called The Ice Storm. Are you a fan of adventure films?
The Skulls is a popular one, which is also a biography.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice, which is a Crime Fiction Film, and Heath Ledger.
Yes, Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor was born in 1987. She also wrote The Jungle Book, a Zsa Zsa.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park was written by Peter Buchman, do you like other books by him?
Jurassic Park is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I don't follow golf. I know he was born in Honolulu.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy book that you might like.
I don't know of any books in the fantasy genre, but I think you might like The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
My Soul to Take is a Horror Thriller. Would you like to know more about that genre?
Awesome! I'll add it to your watch list!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like them?
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think you'll enjoy the original X-Men movie.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is also in the Hunger Games series, Surviving Picasso and Gnomeo & Juliet.
Joss Ackling also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen any of these?
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's too bad. He was in it as well. He was also in The Mask of Zorro.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
A Good Day to Die Hard is another one written by Roderick Thorp and stars William Devane.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You're welcome! Enjoy the film!
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you heard of him?
Gone Baby Gone was an excellent sci-fi movie. It was also released in 2010.
Bats was written by Wayne Rooney and Wayne Rooney. It's part of the Vampire Academy series.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She did, and she also starred in I, Robot, which is a great sci-fi flick.
Will do! Enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Mendez, he also directed The Incredibles.
He also wrote Ser Como a Rio que Flui.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village and The Reptile Room. Have you read either of these?
It is a mystery and suspense novel by Lauren Oliver. Do you like his work?
Its a drama/mystery film, and was released in 2005
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son named Justin. I think he will be friends with Justin.
I have not seen it but I will look into it when it was directed by Justin Timberlake.
I'll send you a link now.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm looking for a drama, like The Manchurian Candidate or The House of Mirth are all great.
It's a drama film with Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
I hope you enjoy it.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
Not really, I think I'll watch football movies like Remember the Titans.
That's good! But I haven't read the books, I've read the book and read the book.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which was released in 2001.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're colors for the New England Patriots.
They are part of the AFC West.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a slasher book
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I don't think I've heard any from that place, but I do know he is very talented. Aside from being an actor, He's also from there, he was in The Muppets and Step Brothers.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard.
I wouldn't know much about basketball but I do know they are part of the NBA. They just beat the Timberwolves today by 3 points.
Sharlto Copley is the final.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Batman Begins.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes. It's similar to рестуление и накаание or диот?
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Of course! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of the Wizard of Oz series. The next in the series is The Harry Potter series.
I think you'd enjoy The Golden Compass, or The Magic of Recluce.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Isn't he a player on the Germany national football team?
He is a professional soccer player from Germany. He plays as a midfielder with the Borussia Dortmund team.
Yeah, he is a Correct. I don't know much about him.
The movie starring Robert Duvall?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because of the Fantasy genre?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
Well, there's one sequel to The Assassin's Blade, which was also released in 2014 as well.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for any particular genre by him or one of the actors?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic had Leonardo DiCaprio in it. The movie was directed by James Cameron.
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a classic!
Then you might enjoy Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read those?
It is, similar to The Stars My Destination and Where the Heart Is.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know Venus Williams is great as well!
I thought Martina Graffi Graff was really good. I wonder if he and Martina Navo were better.
Yes, she is the best female tennis player in the world.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won the PGA Tour in 2016?
That's amazing! What is your favorite sport?
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
Reflected in You is a Romance/Drama, Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin. Have you read those?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What was your favorite?
The Handmaid Tale is a genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
I know he is a rapper, but I don't know much about him. Is he some good?
The move Carlos is starring Brave New World and Martha Higareda. Does that sound interesting to you?
Sorry, I don't have the information when it was released.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Lighthouse and The Emperors New Groove. They were both turned into movies.
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel.
The Shadow Rising is a good fantasy novel. Also, The Dark Knight Rises is a good one.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
They are both sci-fi thrillers.
Jeff Bridges stars in Neverland.
I do not know, but it is written by Marc Forster.
Sure
you are welcome
Yes I do, He has written A separate Peace which is a good novel
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, the book is similar to Un Lun Duns.
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, Road to Perdition and City of Bones are the same examples.
She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
Sure, are you a fan of Young-adult fiction or Soft Science fiction books in general?
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
I hope you enjoy it.
I do. Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But i can tell you that he is also a musician?
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly, Mindy Kaling wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling starred in it.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina was also a translator for Leo Tolstoy. She wrote она аренина.
Ok, I can do that for you.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Temptation of Christ.
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I know he played on the England National Football team and was born in Beverly Hills. Do you like football?
Yes, he is a tiertier player.
Yes, I like Locker. I think it is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. Most of his movies are in the English language.
Cool, I like him and also a couple of my favorite actors. Have you seen Minority Report or The Magician's Land?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
That's correct. Did you know she is also a scientist?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2011. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. Have you already read those?
It's a romance/comedy starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
You might want to check out The Rum Diary if you have seen it. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm glad I could help!
yes i have. their coach is Ryan Giggs
No, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who is his current player?
You are welcome, have a great day!
She wrote Pretty Little Liars. Are you familiar with that book?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm not sure, but it's a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Tim Long and Matt Selman wrote The Simpsons movie.
Yes, they are the same genre. Have you seen the Simpsons movie?
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really, I am more into football or soccer.
He's also an author and plays cricket.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Great, Another movie in that genre is The Return of the King starring Orlando Bloom
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series.
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
I will check it out. It is a young-adult fiction too.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Funny Girl. She also wrote the Count of Monte Cristo.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show but I think he is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, Grindhouse stars Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin and is a History Film. Do you like Horror movies?
Oprah Winfrey, and Tracie Thoms.
Great! It is a great movie.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
Oh yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
13 is a Romantic Comedy starring Ernest Borgnine. Do you like that genre?
Emma Thompson was in it. It's a great movie.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
What Planet Are You From is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't follow tennis much but I do know that she is married to Serena Williams.
Serena is really better, but they have different players like Venus and Serena.
Yes, she was.
I don't follow soccer much but I do know he plays Midfielder and forward. Do you follow soccer?
I don't believe that, but I do know he is a captain.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I would. It was written by John Hughes, not only did you know that?
Have you heard of Donnie Darko or Wet Hot American Summer? They are all comedies that you might like.
I don't have that information, but it is a comedy
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Well, I don't know about his music. Is he a singer or dancer?
Of course! I think Selena Gomez is a very talented man.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
It was written by Lewis Carroll, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read more by this author?
I am not sure. However, Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking Glass, which is similar.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a science fiction book.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is also in Jumanji and he is a very good actor.
It's a thriller and action film. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You might want to check out Zodiac, it is a thriller.
You're welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
The Last Crusade is the genre Adventure/Comedy. what else can i do for you?
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in India.
He plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
Yes, he does.
Yes. Nagpur is also from Nagpur.
I recommend Island.
It was published in 1895 and it's a classic.
Yes, he did. It's the first one. I really liked it.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
He also wrote The Assassin and the Desert, which is a historical fiction novel. Have you read it?
The Quiet American is a genre of Thriller, Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Mystery.
Without Remorse is a thriller, thriller, and drama. It is also a suspense film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you its a sci-fi movie?
The genre is drama
Sean Connery starred in it.
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, you might like The Women of Brewster Place. It is a good one.
Yes. I think Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I know she starred in Men in Black 3 and was also a romantic comedy.
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it's good to know. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a thriller.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller that stars John Grisham.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a football player. I think he is a good player
I don't
I enjoy watching college football and I like to watch college football
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it would be considered soccer in the summer too.
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken. Are you a fan?
Yeah, I like soccer. Do you have a favorite team?
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the author, John Scalzi?
It is a mystery novel.
You are welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Anne Tyler
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read No Country for Old Men? It was actually made into a movie.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Have a good day.
Yes, she was in that song. Did you know she was also a singer?
Yes, she did, and she also starred on The Voice.
Oh, yea that's right! I love pop music in general, how about you?
Yes, I can. He directed both The Power of Six and The Spirit. Have you heard of either of those?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary a romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
It's a historical novel set in 1856. It's a classic.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you may want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
That's a good one. He was born in 1856 and is considered a Romance novel.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
Great, I would recommend The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination if you're interested.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it's a very new book. It was released in 1931.
It was released in 2007.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have Welcome to Temptation that has genre Gothic fiction.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1995.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason and released in 1856.
He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel.
I don't think so, but it appears to be a Romance novel.
You're welcome.
Sure. That book was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's literature.
He is also an author, he wrote The Girl on the Train.
I don't know. He is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is a basketball player?
I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
Yes, I agree. Do you know who the Lakers are coached by?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The book is in English. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. This book is in English. Have you read that one?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Wonderful, I hope you enjoy them
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and the entire Assassin series. Have you read any of those?
The Assassin's Blade is another popular one of hers.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Wonderful. Enjoy your reading!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime, thriller film.
You are welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
Emma Stone is a great actress she was in it. Do you like her?
You are welcome have a great day I know you will enjoy.
It was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy. Are you into that genre?
It's a great movie! Evan Goldberg also directed The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war movie or because it is a thriller?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
Done. Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he also starred in the movie Star Trek?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber.
It is in the United States of America, along with Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
She's been in The Kids Are All Right, which was a very popular one.
The movie is adventure and comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Grindhouse which is a crime fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, He was in the Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure. Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson plays in The Help and Get on Up too.
She was in The Women of Brewster Place and so di Larenz Tate.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception
Star Wars is a great one! It is written by George Lucas. Did you know he is also a director?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. It was directed by the great Steven Spielberg.
Yes, it is also a Drama.
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She has also written Circling the Sun that I found for you. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it's a romance film that was released in 2015.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
Great, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do those sound interesting?
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen them?
That is great. That was a great movie. If you like Red Dawn, you should give Back to the Future Part II a try.
He also wrote I recommend the movie True Grit and The Wild Life if you are interested.
OK, I will add those to your list.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Yes, she starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen it?
Yes, he did direct the movie Godfather II, starring Al Pacino.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer. He's a very talented man.
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
It is! You should try it. It's a romance novel by Gustave Falubert.
Sure! I also recommend the book The Tempest.
He's an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. However, she also wrote Graceling which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
No I don't. I know that it is a childrens book, so I would look into it.
Sure, it is also a children's book. In the same genre, it is also considered children's literature.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know a lot about football.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I haven't. I'm a huge fan of Aaron Rodgers. How about you?
I believe it was a drama released in 2015. Don't you think?
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. It is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
The Lost Hero has genre Romance
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alexis Dziena and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It was written by John Lasseter, who also directed Monsters University.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written several books such as The Phantom Menace, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Terminal Man. Would you like to know more about these?
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.
Yeah, I think I heard he's great. He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I am not a big fan of the music but I have heard some of his songs from him a lot.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out some of his music videos.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'll add that.
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and it starred Tika Sumpter.
Sure, it was written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. It's a great Sci-Fi novel.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1999.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I wasn't a big fan of her music. I like some of Taylor Swift's songs like Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Love Story.
I also like her song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Nathan Sykes,
Sure, she is starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries, among others.
White Squall is a documentary film and some stars include Jeff Bridges, Jason Marsden, and Jason Marsden.
Coming of Age is a film that was released in 1995. Do you like sci-fi films?
I don't have any information on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It was released in 1987 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
I don't know, but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare and John Newberry.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I'm not sure about that, but I also recommend Scream 4. You might like that as well.
It is a romantic comedy, starring Johnny Depp. The movie was released in 1997 and also stars Seth Rogen. Do you like comedies?
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture was in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
Robert De Niro, Jack Nicholson, and Jeanne Moreau starred in Redbelt. Do you know them?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It's a great one. Then you should definitely check out The Iron Trial or Lady Midnight in the same genre as well.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Robert De Niro, and David Opatoshu.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Wow! I didn't know that! That's interesting to know.
I like swimmers, too! I also watch tennis during the Olympics.
You are very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly and is a romantic comedy
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know who else stars in it, but you may know Ryan Gosling was also in it.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow cricket.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the movie, and it is a History Film.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. The film is a Tourist drama.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
It was written by Richelle Mead.
Glad I could help!
I think they are awesome. I'm a big fan of the Warriors. What about you?
I agree! He's probably my favorite point guard, right?
Oh, I didn't know that! He's a great player though.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Jane Eyre is actually a film released in 1876.
Certainly, another romantic novel is Wreck-It-Ralph
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching college baseball. What about you?
Yes, I did know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's postmodern literature, fable and also children's lit.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews is the author of The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does this choices sound like something you would read?
1600 was also the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale.
Sure. I added it to your list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
German football player?
Yes, he is, he is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really but I do follow American Football some. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like soccer?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
Yes, she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video.
Yes, she is also a musician as well. She has written a few songs like Call Me Maybe.
yes, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he was also in the sequel Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Louis Sachar. It's a romance film.
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I can tell you that he directed the thriller The Pelican Brief. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
I also have information that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Wrath of the Titans, Wilde, and Shaun of the Dead.
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I do like the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
I like football. I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I do not know much about Somewhere I Belong, maybe I'll have to check it out.
Somewhere I Belong is also considered a pop rock film. I suggest watching the album One Minute.
Yes, I do. I enjoy watching the Eagles game. How about you?
Yeah, they did! They're a great team. I'm a fan of American football. They have a lot of haters.
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but I think the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, Water for Elephants or The Time Traveler's Wife are some good ones.
Yes, it was based on a true story. I'm glad I could help!
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, and Kate Winslet also starred in the cat in the movie.
Garfield also played in Watchmen which is a horror film. Have you seen this one?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I knew it was a horror movie but I had no idea. She was pretty good in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that?
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits, and No Strings Attached. She also voices Meg Griffin on the animated TV series, Family Guy.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Alexis Dziena.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes, I think it was 1994.
I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Is it a drama/thriller?
He was. I'm not sure what else he played. Is that a thriller film?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting.
Do you mean the movie, Waiting because it stars Hugh Jackman?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Joel Coen or because it is a Historical period drama?
He was in Green Zone which is a really good movie that Matt Damon starred in. Have you seen that one?
Well, he's been in some great action movies. He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but i can recommend another great Mystery film starring Mel Gibson. Have you seen it?
Great! I also recommend, You might also like the movie he stars in. Have you seen this one yet?
In the film drama, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
WALL-E and X-Men 2 are both Sci-Fi.
Yes, it's very good, it stars Jennifer Grey, and released in 2005.
They are a team in the NFL. One of the best teams in the NFL.
They're pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
Ah, I didn't know that! How are the Steelers doing this year?
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down, Were you aware of that?
I do not have that information, but the Son of No One is a fantasy adventure film starring Mindy Kaling.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Great!
A couple other Thillers you may enjoy are Children's Literature and X-Men. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you liked that one, you may also enjoy A Bug's Life. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I am not sure of the information for that movie, but I can tell you it is a Thriller.
Sure. I, Robot is now playing.
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't follow much, but I have heard Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy as a
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It's a Thriller starring Sean Connery. Are you a fan of him?
I might have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I'm sorry, I don't have much information on their music. I do know they play a lot of different countries. I'm not sure if they are, but I think they are from South Korea, too.
I'm not sure, but I believe they also started in Seoul as well. I think Seoul was a great place.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Todd Allen starred in it.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
Great! It was released in 1958. I think you'll enjoy it.
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Cruise, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he's a very famous author. He wrote El otoo del patriarca
That's a good one. He was also in the movie A Thousand Splendid Suns.
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in it, but he is also a musician.
James Franco is also in it, and he is also an actor.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like dramas you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars and The Face on the Milk Carton.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
Yes, Steven D. Dubner is the author of Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have not, but I know he is from the United States of America.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know it is in English and is a book by Stephen J. Dubner.
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you heard of either of those?
Yes science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes! I love his movies too. Do you want me to recommend any of them?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a drama, produced by Matt Damon
Yes I can. I like most of his music from the 80's
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a family novel that was released in 2014 in English. Have you read it?
That came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
Oh, I didn't know that! That's where he was, right?
No, I haven't but I agree with you on that. Do you like any other sports?
Quentin Tarantino has starred in some popular movies such as Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and produced by E.B. White.
Sure. Rob Zombie is a director, producer, and songwriter. He also produced Superbad. Have you seen it?
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular movie that Kenny was in released in 2015.
Yes, he is a great actor in the movie. I would suggest What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Boondock Saints, and Point of Retreat.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Green Mile.
It has a great cast. It is a comedy film starring Sam Worthington, Michael Fassbender, and Gerard Butler to name a few.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome, please let me know if there is anything else I can do
They are basketball and their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you like basketball?
Me too! Transformers is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
He is a great actor. Did you know he stars in the action movie The Expendables 2?
It is a action movie that also stars Robert Duvall and Dennis Quaid. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel.
Yes, that is correct.
Great, you are welcome!
I'm not sure, but I do know she's a tennis player. I don't watch it much.
Not really, I know it counts as both Venus and Serena Williams' sister.
Yes, they are very successful in that movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy/crime.
He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen it?
Sure. Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson, would you like to read it?
She also wrote Mansfield Park. You might like that one as well.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
Annie Hall is a great song. She also has a song called A Thousand Years.
I'm not sure about that, but I know it was a good year for sure.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in a lot of movies. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen any of those?
I love crime fiction! Have you seen The Hurt Locker or The Hurt Locker? They are two of my favorites.
No, Mark Boal also starred in City of Bones which is a thriller.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Absolutely! He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. Do you like that genre?
Sure. You might also like Tuck Everlasting, which is a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling which is also a comedy.
Enjoy the movie.
He is the author of Water for Elephants and the Green Hornet, are you a fan?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon released in 2011. I think you'd like it.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was co-written by Richard Condon.
Yep, Leo Tolstoy's personal friend and Cobra Winger were also involved with this.
Anytime!
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the genre?
Yes, she is a great author. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and Rashida Jones. It is a biographical film.
Tom Everett, Sigourney Weaver and Bill Murray all starred in The Social Network.
White House Down is a great movie starring Rashida Jones
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling was written in the year 1922. It's a classic.
Well, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Temple of My Familiar?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an Action Film. He also directed Escape from New York.
It is a mystery, produced by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1981.
She's great, isn't she? Another TV series she starred in is Walking Tall, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure about that, but Jamie Lee Curtis starred in Escape from New York. He also starred in the drama Grit.
I would recommend the book, The Two Towers. It serves as the sequel to the Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception starred Michael Gaston, Teri Garr, Michael Gaston, Scott Bakula
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy book written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in science fiction?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare and the Giver are examples.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie film.
Swarup was released in 2003. Do you like war films like that?
No problem. Hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
I sure do, he also starred in the Yearling also.
The genre is fantasy
The Golden Compass starring Nicole Kidman
Simon McBurney
Did you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, it is! Were you aware that it is a series?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Dinna Tarrt was born in Houston, Texas, United States of America
You are welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Great, I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I haven't read that one yet.
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it was written by John Green, do you like other Young-adult fiction books?
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those films?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I can't find any information on that one, but if you like young-adult fiction I can recommend What's your number
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Do you like Black Hat because it is a comedy or adventure movie?
Black Hat is a horror movie , he also starred in Donnie Darko and The Goon
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 Mexican/Spanish dark fantasy novel written by Guillermo del Toro. It is a novel released in 1922.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the movie, but I can tell you that it is a Spanish film.
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline". The prince of tides was made into a film! Have you seen it?
That's interesting to know. He also starred in a ton of movies.
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote titled New York Trilogy
Yes, I like him, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like the movie .
I haven't seen it but I heard it's an interesting story.
I haven't seen it but I do know The Godfather Part II stars Robert Duvall.
Have you seen Apocalypto? That stars Robert Duvall.
Sean Penn wrote the book into the wild.
The Sandman: Endless Nights was made into a movie starring Sean Penn.
I recommend The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie starring Sean Penn.
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in You Only Live Twice?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, Les Miserables is a film from 1984 and starred by Tom Hooper. He also directed The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon.
Okay. Goodbye.
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I am not a big fan of her music. I do know she starred in Princess Protection Program
I'm more of a rock fan myself. I prefer rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
Sure! I have a lot of time. I am so glad I could help!
I do not know much about soccer. I'm more of a soccer fan myself.
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA League Final.
I am not sure, but I know that The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Mark Wahlberg wrote The Maze Runner.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction and was released in 1997
Yes it starred Vivica A. Fox
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That book is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Its a great children's book written by Suspense genre
no but I can tell you the book is based on how the movie was based on the book
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Sure, she wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, have a good day!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome. He's also in several Thrillers.
I think they are a great time and they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair.
I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills, but I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Yeah, he owns the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like football?
Yes, he starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Well, it's a classic! Oliver Platt and Jennifer Lawrence were also in it, too.
It came out in 1994.
Sure, it's a classic, released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it was written by Emily Bronte. It's a classic!
I sure do! She wrote The Good Earth which is also a historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I would recommend it. It is a Thriller and was released in 1982.
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Yeah, she is a very good tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Yes, she is a very talented tennis player who also won the 2008 PGA Championship.
I only know a little about basketball either. I think I heard he is a great player as well.
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart by David McRaney.
You're very welcome.
Enjoy your books!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes, X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I know it was released in 2014
Absolutely, Enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another good romantic comedy
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in a couple of movies. One of them is "Schindler's List" and the other "G-Thang".
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure. He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
He has also starred in a horror film called The Passage
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Well, the most popular one is Larry Crowne, and it is a comedy-drama.
Enjoy!
Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Film Executive Produced: JK Rowling's Daughter. what else can i do for you?
I am not sure, but it might be related to Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It was released in 2016 and in the English language.
Yes, I do. I like their coach Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
It's about the Seahawks going to be in the NFC East. Have you heard of them?
Do you know anything about The Seahawks ?I don't know much about their stadium
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction novel by Melissa Marr.
I think he is the only athlete I know about him. Is he your favorite player?
That's amazing. I saw him lose to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Who was your favorite tennis player?
I agree. I like Federer too. He had a lot better than Roger Federer.
Sure. Mary GrandPre was the author of The Assassin and the Desert. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are correct. J.K Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure Do you like it because it was written by Liane Moriarty or because it was a romance novel?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. They are owned by Bill Bidwill. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Broncos. How about you?
They seem to be having a bad season. They are 4th in their division right now.
I agree, he is a great player
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 is a Sci-Fi/Action movie, starring Stan Lee. Did you like that one?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
God's Smuggler is a good one she wrote. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction Autobiography released in 1964. It's also considered a Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Ok. Have a great day!
He directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure who starred in 22 Jump Street. Would you like me to find more movies in that genre?
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and it stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I would recommend it.
Indeed she was, and she also starred in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a Sci-Fi drama like Tron
Then you might like World War Z or Wolverine, you may like that
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring actors in Zombieland.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
That's a very good read! I recommend The Red Tent, The Last Days of Dogtown.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
That is a great book by William Shakespeare. It's part of a series.
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Megan Turner and has genre Speculative fiction.
The classic novel was written by Ernest Hemingway, are you interested in more books he wrote ?
You might like Z for Zachariah or Wyrd Sisters, both are great fiction novels.
It is a Romance novel, similar to To Have and Have Not, also a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Letts and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Sheen is a big name in this movie.
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. Do you like action movies?
You might enjoy Cloverfield starring Tom Hanks or World War Z.
Yes. It is very good but it is also a sci-fi film.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but she was in it too!
He wrote Mimacs which is a drama.
Micmacs is a modern movie, starring Yon Rifkin.
I do not know when he was born, but is he a comedy.
Your welcome
Are you a fan of the author, Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis.
Well, Jack Nicholson starred in The Wildest Dream and Unforgivable Blackness.
Directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is science fiction?
I am not sure about it. I do know that it is a comedy.
It is. He has several spy movies. You might want to check out Zodiac, Undisputed, and X-Men.
You are welcome.
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Great! Alexandre Dumas wrote The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was the author of the book, The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Third Musketeers and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. Peter Capaldi is a great actor and he also starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, there is a sequel of the book and the film is produced by Katherine Paterson
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a young-adult fiction about love and Adolescence. Would you like to know about similar books?
Yes, I do recommend Walking Disaster.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
I like him too! He's a great actor. Then you might also like Youngblood which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Matthew Vaughn is in John Wick. Would you like to know more about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Not really, but I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Actually she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. I guess she was on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski directed Speed Racer. It is a drama film. Have you seen it?
OK, Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are Family and Comedy.
I don't think so, but it's a romance film.
Ooooh that sounds like a good read. I have four genres: young adult fiction, urban fantasy (which is fascinating), romance novel and paranormal romance. Which of those interest you?
You might enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was written by Richelle Mead and has a genre of Young-adult fiction. You might also enjoy the book The Golden Lily.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring Will Ferrell or Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie, The Dark Knight, and Road to El Dorado.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Ocean's 8. It is directed by Ron Clements.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy-drama
You're welcome, enjoy!
You might enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Unicorn and The House of Mirth.
Yes, they are all written in English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance Novel.
Yes, she did. Do you like her books?
I know they were coached by John Fox and Jerry Richardson owns the team
I liked the Cowboys in high school, however I do know that they are owned by businessman Mark Davis.
I like basketball as well, I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2.
It is a great movie, Tim Allen starred in it as well as Jodi directed it
Well, I'm not sure about that! Let me know if I can help with anything else!
Yes, I will do!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl. Is he a good player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was released in 2010 and stars Stephen Fry. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson also starred in The X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I have heard of it. Did you know it also has J.K. Rowling in it?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr., Sarah Silverman and also Kevin Spacey.
He stars in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Have you seen any of those, or would you like more recommendations?
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" are two of my favorites.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart and Richard Portnow is a psychological thriller. Have you seen this movie?
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman, which is also a psychological thriller.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Daredevil.
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie like that
You're welcome
Yes, She's an amazing artist. I love her music. She's also been an actress and a model.
I've heard some of her pop hits from the 80's. What's your favorite Pink song?
Yeah, lady Gaga has a great voice. I think I'll watch some of her songs then.
Sure. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
It was released in 2005. You will enjoy it.
Yes, it was released in 2005. You may be interested in Spanish that was also written in Spanish.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is historical fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
you're welcome
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like those types of movies?
It is a good movie. Do you like dramas?
It is starring Robert De Niro and Michael Fassbender
You are welcome
So-so. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Sci-Fi movie do you like those kind of movies?
Yes, The Shaggy Dog is another good Drama movie i recommend.
Do you want to know more about The  Avengers?
you are welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's in the genre of Romance and Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Well, it's fiction. It's more of a thriller, but I think you might like it.
I'm glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in Dungeons & Dragons.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote the Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance. Do you like romance novels?
Don't mention it.
Sure. She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
Well, I have read A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. It was released in 1943.
No but I remember it in 1943
Yes and it was also in the English language
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. I don't really follow football.
Okay, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Oh, great baseball team! My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is a director. He directed Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like him?
Yes, I have seen it. Do you like any other movies starring David Fincher?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew McConaughey is also in Shackleton. Are you familiar with his work?
It came out in 2002
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a series of books in the genres of Science Fiction, Children's literature, and Sci-Fi.
If you are looking for recommendations by William Goldman, he also wrote a book called Shark Night
No problem.
Sarah Dressen wrote I Am Legend and Twilight. Do you like biographies like that one?
I would recommend True Grit and The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. They are all great books in the same genre.
No problem, I am glad to help. Enjoy!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in the movie.
Yes he is. I think he was also in Anger Management alongside Andrew Garfield.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You are welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
Then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or The Three Musketeers.
Yes, it is a great movie. Is that anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome have a good day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in the movie.
Your welcome.
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
It's a Non-fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
Yeah, you should check it out. I really like Echoes of Silence.
It looks like they were influenced by the song The Weeknd.
I do like it. I think it was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with him?
Most definitely. One of his most popular thriller novels is The Pelican Brief. It is also a psychological thriller.
The Cold Moon was released in 1993. It is a drama/fantasy novel that was also turned into a film.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also a film adaptation.
I'm not sure of the copy in English, but it was written in English.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books by the same author!
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a really good one.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Do you know he starred in Maroon 5?
I don't watch any of those shows but I do like X Factor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is science fiction. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
Have you heard of Gnomeo & Juliet? It is also considered a fantasy.
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Edge of seventeen and The Last Airbender.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Tommy and was also in The Voice
The movie was released in 1995.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder as well as The Devil's Advocate.
You are welcome
You might like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that was released in 1997.
He was influenced by Kate Winslet, Jane Austen, and Stephen King.
Yes, it's considered children's literature in some genres such as The Graveyard Book and Thor.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Sure, Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and animated film; and The Prestige.
Ok, she's also in We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige.
Alright, she's also in the movie We Bought a Zoo which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Why Do Fools Fall in Love, and Gone Girl, have you seen any of these?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well. Do you like his movies?
I do not know much about them, but ther are owned by Amy Adams Strunk
I don't know much about him, do you follow any other sports?
I don't really know, but I do know that he passed away in 2008
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It is a romance/drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle.
Of course, some more Indie films you may like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a song writer and song writer. She sang a thousand years for the movie Twilight.
yes her music is great. I like her too. do you like her?
Wayman is a famous basketball player. do you like basketball?
the basketball player is very talented and has a lot of competition. do you like basketball?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
i didn't know he was married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like his music?
He also has a good voice. I think he is a good artist too.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
Yes, he was in the Hobbit series of movies. I loved them.
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
Sure! Do you prefer Young Adults books or Adventure?
I believe you are correct. The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like this type of book?
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animations?
Ok, you might like Then you'll like It's also animated so you might like it
Enjoy it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked
Yes, it was also a play. Would you like me to recommend other plays?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mhari Calvery wrote A Time to Love and Other Stories.
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like historical movies?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome
I'm familiar with the film version of it. Do you like his work?
It's also in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King starred in it?
I believe it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with Stephen King?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super, which stars Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
He also directed Girl, Interrupted, and Cop Land.
I hope you enjoy
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are correct.
Yes. It's written by Robert Zemeckis.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to see their movie, but it does star Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
He's been in a lot of movies, though. He was in The Green Mile, which is a thriller movie.
OK, have a great day!
ok
his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
Yes, I can check on that. Did you know Sam Smith starred in The Thrill of It's also on Netflix?
I do like him as well. I'm not sure if he is on it, but he was on American Idol.
I like some other rock, but I am more of a baseball fan.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
Its a fiction book
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94!
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
Yeah, she's American. What's your favorite sport?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, Stephen Hawking wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It also stars John Ratzenberger. It's a Family Saga, a TV series.
Have a great day!
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama, thriller, and stars Denzel Washington.
I'm not sure. I know he was in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you heard of it?
Witches Abroad and When the Wind Blows are two other good ones.
It was released in 1981, and it is part of a series.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2013.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
I don't have any other information. But I can tell you that Historian was written by William H. Macy.
I actually don't have the information for that movie. I am going to add it to my list.
You're welcome.
Number the Stars by Lois Lowry
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a Romance?
Yes! He was also in The Watchmen. Have you seen that one?
It's a romance film and drama. It's supposed to be very good.
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The Game is a Drama/Drama that was released in 2001.
Yes, you are correct. He starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in it, have you seen it?
Brothers Grimm wrote Van Helsing and also The Thin Red Line.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan and is a Greek mythology book.
It was a great one! If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan.
Enjoy!
I don't really follow music. I know that he is friends with Selena Gomez who I like.
That's right, she was great in The Muppets too! She also starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Mike Colter, who is awesome in it.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Will Smith is a great actor! He also starred in I, Robot. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He was also in I, Robot. Have you seen that one?
Certainly! He wrote Terms of Endearment, a Drama starring Debra Winger.
You might enjoy Water for Elephants or Woody Harrelson. Do you like them?
I think you'll like Tootsie as well. It's a comedy with James L. Brooks.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. Its a comedy that he also directed.
Great! You are welcome!
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with some crime and drama mixed in. It has a bit of drama in it.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avilden is the screenwriter and author of the Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also starred in Under the Skin. He was also in Thirteen Moons.
That one is starring Tom Hanks, Heidi Klum, and Kenneth Branagh.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Enjoy!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Queen of Attolia is Fantasy
I am not seeing any other Harry Potter movies. The Order of the Phoenix is not a book or movie
There are 5 parts in this series, but i am not sure.
Yup, the director of this movie is JK Rowling.
Your welcome
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel
The Shelters of Stone was written in 1993. It is a Fantasy/Horror novel.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Derek Jacobi and it is a Science Fiction
He sure did, he also starred in the movie Friends with Benefits with Emma Stone.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie Prayers for Rain which is a comedy.
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
No, I am more of a football fan. I prefer American football.
I do. I like tennis better than golf. Do you?
Yes, he's also an athlete.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too, and Bill Murray is a great actor. I liked Space Jam.
I think I heard of him. Do you know if he produced Ghostbusters?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read Xenocide or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was originally published in 1990. Have you read it?
He has written a few books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I'm sorry! I don't have any information on that.
Sure. Robin Cook was an American writer of children's novels that have been turned into films.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! I think you both might like The Incredibles
Yes he does! Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it may be a book of the same name written by Peter Hyams
Seamus Heaney and Peter Boyle
Oh yes, he is a great singer. I like the song You Need Me, Do you know it
Yes, it was
Love yourself is a nice song by him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He's a prolific writer. He has also written Nineteen Eighty-Four, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released 1954.
Then you might also enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, I agree, she is a very talented actress.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! He has written many books. The next in the series is The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I. Have you read them?
It's a mystery novel. Do you like these genres?
Yep, the Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Suzanne Collins.
The Girl on the Train was directed by Paula Hawkins.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I loved her in Princess Protection Program.
Yes! She's a great actress. I liked her in Elf!! Does she sound like one of my favorites?
Yes. He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies by Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it is also a film written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes. I recommend A Walk to Remember. It is also a drama.
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Girl Next Door, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Girl Next Door.
Yes, she starred in it as well.
She's been in a number of movies. She was in The Girl Next Door, The Courier, and Virgin Suicides.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, of course! He is known for directing Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is a popular film. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight Rises, The Witch of Blackbird Pond, and The Lost Gate.
World Without End is similar. Have you read this one?
You're welcome!
Yes he was in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
It is a great movie, also starring Stefan Kapicic. It is a Sci-Fi/Horror film.
It is a great lead film, would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes. That was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It sure is. It was made in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
It was a good read. Enjoy!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for something in that genre or with those actors?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one, as is Interstellar.
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It stars Brad Pitt, Oliver Platt, and Xander Berkeley. I think you'll like them
Great, I would suggest on Flux, Zoom, and X-Men 2.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock. Do you like country?
It's a pop music.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like that movie, it's in the drama genre. It's similar to The Prestige.
It's a great film. It's stars Emily Watson too.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
He is a writer, she wrote The Verdict and Lethal Weapon 3.
I don't know but I do know he is a scientist and a chemist to be exact
Crime Fiction genre is crime fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by her are The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it.
I can't find any books written by him, but if you like young adult fiction, you may enjoy Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may also like Paper Towns.
Will do happy to help.
Yes, that was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Restless along with Good Will Hunting. Have you seen that one?
Yep, and he also starred in The Tuxedo. Have you seen it?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He is an author. He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He's written a lot of short stories, including When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
apologize, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also an actor?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Of course, E. Lockhart was the author of We Were Liars, this book was released in 2014.
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War. If you like that, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I believe it's called Love Story. Do you know that one?
Yes. He's a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is also a writer.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and a cartoonist.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Olympics.
You are welcome, do you want any other information?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be an English language
I don't know a lot about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know she was influenced by William Shakespeare
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a drama. Do you like it because it is a Romance or Drama?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It is a good one.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
The movie was released in 1998.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I like watching Vince Young. Who is your favorite player?
I do, I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true, do you like him? He is one of my favorite movies.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is considered a children's literature and I would say it is a romance.
Yes, it is considered a romance and similar to Wuthering Heights.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote the movie. Did you see the movie?
Correct. Roland Emmerich wrote a movie called The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is correct. Tom McCarthy starred in that movie, along with Will Smith.
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage was in Gravity, do you like that movie?
Gravity was released in 1994. He also directed Gravity 3 which is a sci-fi thriller.
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information at the moment. Sorry.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are also great Sci-Fi films.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Vegas. I shouldn't blame them for their fans, right?
I didn't realize that. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you like LA as well?
It was written by Christopher Nolan, and it's a thriller.
It starred Roger Rees, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
No problem, may I help you ?
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to stay in?
I am not sure about that, but it is a war film.
S.E. Hinton is a similar book written by Joseph Heller.
Your welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote a lot of thrillers including Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
It was released in 2008 and is in the Romance genre.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. Did you know it was written by Richard Maxwell?
It is. Do you like other novels like it?
I will have to check that out. Did you know that Zadie Smith is a writer?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents, starring Susan Sarandon. Have you seen it yet?
That one was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's a boxer and married to Hayden Panettiere, and was a professional boxer.
Yes, I agree. The Titans is considered a classic!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes, I am a NY Giants fan since they were runner-up in super bowl II. What about you?
I am not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes you are correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative fiction books are Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 47 years old
No, he is on the Golden State Warriors, right?
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Yes, Ted Tally wrote it and starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well. Do you like horror films?
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Enjoy
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
He is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes, I am a fan by the way. I don't really watch basketball either.
I believe so. It's not a popular sport in the 90s.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series
It is a romance novel by William Golding.
Great, I think you will enjoy them
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I understand. He's very good as a player as well. I'm not much of a golf fan either.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, I see. I'm not a big american football fan either. What sport do you like?
They are ok! They are a very talented team.
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela
It was released in 1963 in English and released in 1946.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I do know she was in a science fiction film called The Giver. Did you know she is also an actor?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, who also co-wrote The Giver.
I recommend the book Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns. Have you read either of those?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome. enjoy the book.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
I have not seen it. I will have to add it to my list of movies to watch. Thanks for the information.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That's right! Mandy Moore is also in Tangled. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure, you might enjoy Walt Disney Movie. It's a great family movie.
You should. Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story 3. He is so wonderful in that one!
He was also in Larry Crowne.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. It is a great movie! Do you like it because it's a science fiction film?
The Goonies is a great movie, starring Robin Williams, Robert Davi and Richard Donner to name a few. Would you like Science Fiction movies?
This movie was released in 1999.
Great movie! It was written by Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, you should check it out.
Sure, you may enjoy Zodiac, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome
Yes, it stars Marlon Brando as well as Marlon Brando. Did you know that she also starred in Apocalypto?
Robert De Niro is the director of the film.
I don't think so, but he's also an incredible director.
Certainly! He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is a crime drama and also a thriller.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her latest albums are RocknRolla, RocknRolla, and Anything else I can help you with
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. I love the song One Step Closer. Do you like it?
I personally enjoy their music. I think Ed Helms is a great coach. What do you think of them?
They're pretty dynamic. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. How about you?
Yes, he starred in movies like Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you're interested.
He was also in Twilight, which is a children's movie.
He was in quite a few roles, like Wayne's World, The People of Sparks and The Incredibles.
You are correct! Tyrone Giordano starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Stuck on You, and Stuck on You.
She was also in the Movie Diary of a Young Girl.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Absolutely, it's a wonderful read. She also wrote Ariel, The Collected Poems, and Ariel.
Sending it now.
I'm not familiar with him but I do know he was in the movie Moonwalker which I like.
Really, it seems to be a drama genre film. He also starred in Someone Like You which is a good sitcom.
Ah yes it's the one of the whale movies! It was written by John Lennon.
Sure, I can help. He directed Deadpool. Do you like that movie?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't know, but it is directed by Frank Miller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English. It's a classic!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was released in La sombra del viento.
It is written in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Drama book and the genre is fiction
Yes, it is a musical like The Color Purple
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Johnathan Nolan
you are welcome
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Team.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them too. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Ang Lee, who also wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is The Cider House Rules.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes he wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox
She's a great actress. She also starred in Men in Black 3, and Gone with the Wind. Have you seen those?
It was produced by Ron Clements and released in 1999. It also stars Robert Downey Jr and Rosario Dawson.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. It is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know they are in the comedy genre.
Brad Pitt is known for his role in the animation film True Grit.
You're welcome
It's a romance and written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
It is a Romantic film, similar to The Theory of Everything. Should I add it to your list?
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
You should watch Cricket sometimes. It is a very popular sport in the U.S. I. Do you like football?
That's a interesting fact, I believe he was from India.
I agree! Lakers is a great team. Did you know they were coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown?
Mike Brown is a good coach. I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
I thought it was written by Louis Sachar. I hope you enjoy it.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. The only one I know is The NBA. They are a good team.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
I have not see that, but I know he is a director, writer, and actor. He also starred in The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American crime drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 1995.
Sure, he's a writer, actor, and actor to name a few of his movies. He was born in Chicago and has a lot of movies including He's been in The Pursuit of Happiness and he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
It's a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
I do, he plays for the Germany national football team and he's really good.
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. I really like that genre.
Slipstream, Wizard's First Rule, and Witches Abroad are some of his works.
It is a romance novel.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer. This is a Fiction novel as well.
I am not sure of the genre but I do know that Nineteen Eighty-Four is Women in Love
Sure, hope you enjoy the novel.
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
I hope you enjoy them and have a good day
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
oh ok. Do you like football? I like Tiger Woods. He's a great quarterback.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's a great quarterback. Do you have any favorite players on the team?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yeah, I think I'm going to look it up. I don't know much about him.
Yeah, I did not know that. I think I did see he was also a teacher.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert O'Brien, did you know he is also a scientist?
I would categorize it as a drama.
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you seen that?
Well, there's Twilight that you may like. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
Of course! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's an adventure film that was released in 2011.
Great, I think you will enjoy it as well.
Andrew Garfield starred in Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a popular movie.
The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes she did. She also won an Academy Award for Best Actress.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Magic of Thinking Big and How to Win Friends and Influence People are two great books I recommend.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to watch Jack Reacher?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great singer. I love his music. Do you like him?
I don't do any of his music but I know he is from Chico, California. Do you like him?
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and stars Emma Thompson.
You're welcome!
Steve Buscemi is also in it, do you like him?
Have you seen Zodiac? It's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but I heard it was a good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015, and it was written by Mark Helprin.
I'm not sure, but it does have a English version.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I like Piece by Piece
I actually don't know, but she's a very talented singer. I wonder if she does, and she will be friends with Clay Aiken.
Yes, I like reality TV. I also enjoy watching the show Treasure Planet.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. She also wrote Wintergirls.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
No problem! Enjoy your book.
Yes, he is very talented. He directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
It is an adventure film
starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It's a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Science Fiction Film, similar to The Kill Order.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, I can tell you that The Other Boleyn Girl is starring William H. Macy.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was written in 2003 in English and is a novel. It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government.
That's a good question, I don't know that one. It's considered a fantasy.
You're welcome!
His latest movie is Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner
Yes, Ricky Gervais and Dwayne Johnson also starred in Catch Me If You Can.
Yes, Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes it was, have you seen it? The movie was great
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is fantasy novel. I highly recommend it!
That's a good one! Daughter is a good one. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. This book is also a film.
I know it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Last Man and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer. Anything else I can help with?
He was also in The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes, she also starred in The Last Days of Downtown and The Green Mile.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
I didn't know that, do you know what is the team?
Yes that's true. do you know who is a basketball player?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction movie, do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Way Station is a great one.
I have not, but I will consider it to be a science fiction movie as well.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
James Franco and Scarlett Johansson starred in this movie. It's a Sci-Fi film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it was released in 2011 and also stars Denzel Washington.
I have not seen it. I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, she was in that film as well! Do you like his movies?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it and Lena Olin starred in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan of both. I do enjoy football. What is your favorite sport?
Then I do love American football. What is your favorite team?
I am not a big football fan but I do know they are coached by Tom Brady.
They likely do. They will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and Unforgivable Blackness.
Sure, Scarface is starring Al Pacino. Do you like the actor or genre?
Have you seen Safe House? It is a very good crime/thriller.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Prestige. It's a very good movie.
Great Enjoy!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
You should check it out. It's a comedy-drama.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and dancer
I do, I like his music alot. Do you know if Jason Derulo was in a movie?
Yes, I do like her. She is a very talented person.
Certainly! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you familiar with her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary if you're interested.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead and Other examples are Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you be interested in some other recommendations?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
James Franco directed the movie
your welcome
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film.
Definitely, I will have to see her new movie. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory?
She was not in the muppets, but i have never seen that one!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think Clint Black is an excellent player in this movie.
Yes! That was indeed. I never heard of that one.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth which is a romantic comedy.
Yes she is. She also starred in the TV show Entourage.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry. Have you seen it?
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I think he's a romantic actor. Do you like romance films?
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. Have you heard of them?
It's alternative rock, but if you like that genre, you should watch Men in Black 3D.
Yes, he is a great singer. I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
The book is in the genre comedy
The year it was released
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wolverine is in the genre of Thriller and stars Hugh Jackman.
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
You're welcome
Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like animated movies?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia you might like.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. Jason Statham and Liam Neeson were also in it.
Thank you for the information.
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama or a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular crime movie, have you seen it?
Do you mean crime movies?
Of course, Maleficent is starring Olivia Wilde and Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like them?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama which is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen that one yet?
Yes! She was in it as well!
Yes. That was a good movie, you should watch it.
Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Rainmaker, It's a Wonderful Life, and Slapstick, also a comedy.
He's on the India national football team
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he plays the Midfielder position.
He's a midfielder and forward position. He's on the same team as Thomas Muller.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Not sure, but it is a soccer team that is rated R.
Yes, he is also the Midfielder.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta wrote Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie is The Outsiders, also John Travolta.
Yes, and Emma Stone too! I think you will like Zombieland too.
Awesome. I will add Scream 4 to your library!
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like comedy movies, but I also like Annie Hall. Have you seen any of those?
I like murder mystery, but one of my favorite movies is The Golden Compass.
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it in a movie?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote "Outlander" which was also made into a movie. She starred in it as well.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that it was adapted into a movie.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He was born in Houston, Texas.
The movie Zookeeper was directed by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
I can't remember who produced it, but I know Michael Pavone wrote that film.
He also produced Assault on Precinct 13, starring Jon Tenney.
I do not have that information, but if you like thrillers you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a comedy.
Do you want to know more about those movies?
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in it as well.
No I haven't heard of them.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy!
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
I do like him, he used to play on the New York Giants while he was a wide receiver.
Yes, I like the Steelers, they won the Super Bowl XL though.
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a Drama or Thriller?
Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick, it is a children's literature.
I have no idea about that. But I heard it was a good book.
She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sounds good. You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
You are correct! Tyrannosaur Canyon was the year that released Z for Zachariah. Do you like Z for Zachariah?
That's great. You should check out Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide if you like that genre.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman and released in 2005. That was also a great sci-fi film.
Sure thing!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Yes, it was written by Stephen King and stars Lena Dunham and is a horror film.
I'd recommend checking out The Big Lebowski.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Daniel Craig as well as James Franco. It is a great thriller.
She also starred in Willie Garson. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She starred in What's Up, Truly Madly Guilty, and Think Like a Man.
I think so. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it. I think I will check it out. Thanks for the info!
The Muppets also had Will Smith. I'm sure you'll love it if you'd like to see it, it's a classic!
You should check out Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
I don't know any other writers about this author, but Victor J. Wardenhave also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome!
The Flying Scotsman starring Billy boyd
He starred in the Good Doctor and Troy. Do you like any particular genre?
He was also in the movie Zulu, which was a thriller.
You're welcome!
She's a poet, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I like Caddyshack but I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
He was good in Hot Tub Time Machine too. I liked Hot Tub Time Machine as well.
Eric Bress is well known for The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
It is a fantasy, speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Tim Burton?
It is a drama/romance released in 1995.
No, I do not have that information.
Juno is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
You might enjoy Wicker Park, which is also a Young Adult film.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in the movie
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery thriller movie.
Yes, he's a funny one. You should check it out
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy genre
Sure, you will like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Do you like them?
You should watch it as well it is a drama and action movie.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Jane Austen wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, its a very interesting movie, if you haven't seen it, you should check it out. It was hilarious!
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Then you should check out Mallrats and Love & Basketball
Rocky is a Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
You might like The Cradle of Life, also starring Sylvester Stallone.
It's a martial arts film and it was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars. It's a very good one.
Well it was written by Michael Connelly.
You're welcome
I didn't know he was a basketball player. I think he played for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
I am not a big basketball fan. I do know Stephen Curry is my favorite. Who is yours?
I agree. I never heard of them, but I love the sport.
Oh wow, he must be one of the best basketball players of all time!
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Apocalypse Now is a classic, I really liked it. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
It stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro and is a drama film. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Sure! She is a very talented actress. What's your favorite song of hers?
Sure, have you see Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back or The House of Seven?
Thank you for the tips.
He's a Parody film. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
You are very welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote Winnie-the -Pooh and White Night.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Morse starred in War. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'm not sure when it came out. I can give it a try!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. I highly recommend it.
It was released in 1974.
Yes I do, I'm a huge tennis fan, but I prefer the Williams sisters.
Actually I don't know much about tennis but I do know some tennis players. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you know any tennis players?
Oh nice, what's your favorite tennis player?
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
Oh, I liked that one too. I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you seen it?
I believe it is a book. Two of my favorite books are A Man Named Jackie and A Christmas Carol.
127 hours is a Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. Is that what you are looking for?
A couple of his popular movies are You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes I do! It was written by Robert D. Siegel, who also wrote Zodiac?
It's a drama
Your welcome!
I know that he is Athlete in the team Royal Challengers Bangalore
Actually, I prefer American football
Manchester United F.C., Xander Berkeley, and Omari Hardwick are some of the great cricket players.
Sure, it was written by C. S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read the series?
Have you read The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Silver Chair?
It's considered a fantasy.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
Yes, Peter Pan is a Children's literature book. Another good one is The Sum of All Fears
The Golden Compass is a good one as well
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Joseph Heller wrote Eecbl, have you heard of it?
It's in the genre of Science Fiction, and Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes it is a romance and comedy. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Ok great. I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you like the movie because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes then you might like The Warrior's Way
Ok then you might also like the movie Cloverfield starring Ben Affleck
That's a great movie to watch from time to time. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
I would recommend Zero Dark Thirty. It is also a Biographical film, but I highly recommend it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is a African American tennis player correct?
No. I follow it when Serena Williams is ranked world No. 1 in singles
Serena has a double name as both as Venus.
Sure, it is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen any of them. Woman in Gold is a romantic comedy and The Proposal is a classic. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, she is in it, too. I like her in The Other Boleyn Girl, I think you'll like that one.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Sure. It was directed by Rick Riordan.
Nicholas Cage starred in it.
It came out in 2007.
Yes, it was a great movie! Do you like Superman Returns because of the action?
It's a Comedy/drama if you like comedy.
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes, he was in that film too.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife and Last Action Hero. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Bad Dog Marley is one of my favorites! I loved that one as well.
Yes, it is also a movie starring Brad Pitt. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
ok. Enjoy your movie time!
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome
Great, have a good day!
I haven't read that one, is it a science fiction or speculative fiction?
The Fiery Cross is another one she wrote. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure if she has any other information but I can tell you The Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
No, I don't. I'm sorry.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
No, I don't follow football much. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes they were. I loved Hayden Panettiere in The Expendables. I think it was a good film.
Yes! He directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
It's a sci-fi action thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
He also starred in Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, which is a thriller.
Shawn Roberts and Jim Broadbent directed that movie.
I loved her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine. My favorite is probably Jefferies.
Thrillers are my favorite. He was in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I have heard of them being a good NFL team. Are they in the AFC East?
I do know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is with the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch. I like him.
Sure, it stars Robert Downey Jr. and was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy it.
It s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Is they a good team?
Since they are in South Korea, I think I'll listen to that kind of song. Thank you!
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg, but I think they are both friends.
Yes, he did! It's a classic romance film.
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and was a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a cute romantic comedy released in 1982. It was released in 1999 and co-produced by Arthur Miller. Are you familiar with his work?
She was also in Django Unchained. Do you want to know more of her movies?
Donna Tartt is known for writing The Little Friend and the Goldfinch.
It's considered a historical fiction and a romance novel. Do you like those types of books?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you you it is a thriller that stars Anthony Edwards.
That's correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson? He's a great actor.
Another one with Dwayne Johnson is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't really follow cricket, but I know a bit about it. I like Yuvraj Singh.
Yes. I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Oh yes! She was in Adventures in Baby Slayer. Have you seen it?
Those are some of her great comedy movies. Joaquim de Almeida and Jennifer Lawrence are also in that movie. Have you seen any of these?
I'm always happy to help out!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read either of those ?
It is a science fiction film.
Stanlee was written by David Benioff.
She starred in Momento which is a popular Psychological thriller.
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox
He wrote the Harry Potter movies and directed Memento.
Certainly. Enjoy!
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
I like the New York Jets though.
I can't remember when they were drafted by the National Football League.
I don't think so. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
He has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
Yeah, that is a great one too. I haven't read it yet, have you?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Z for Zachariah, Wyrd Sisters, and Xenocide.
I am also a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They are good.
Timothy Dalton is one of the starring actors in that film.
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. Deadpool was directed by Ryan Reynolds and released in 2008.
Sure, no problem!
Sure! You are welcome. Have a great day!
Isn't he that Belgian soccer player?
Soccer is my favorite team. What about you?
Wow, I'm a fan!
Yes she is, she starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
Don't think I've seen him in that movie. It's a good comedy!
I haven't seen it, but I will check it out. Enjoy!
It starred the main writers which are Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. If you know their comedy work I'm sure you'd love it
John C. O'Brien is great! Will Ferrell also starred in I Spy, have you seen it?
I don't know when it was released, but Will Ferrell also directed and produced it.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's considered a historical fiction.
He did. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was based on a true story.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012. I don't know when the movie was released.
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
I think he was a defensive back too. I'm not much of a fan of the Panthers.
Oh i didn't know that! I've heard they're a very good team.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred in it. Do you like his acting?
I strongly recommend it. It is a great movie, you should also watch it.
Yes, he is an singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He plays cricket and is also a musician. Do you like tennis?
Great, I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes, he was, did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary?
Yes, I have. Mortdecai is also in The Rum Diary.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic is an animated film. Do you like Thrillers?
The Inferno is a good one
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some other actors were in X-Men Origins include Tom Hanks, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine, Van Helsing, and Race to Witch Mountain
Not that I know of but he did star in The Proposal
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. He also wrote The Stand, which was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he played a forward position
They are not doing well
I'm not a huge fan of hers. I think she is amazing as a singer and a model. Did you know she was born in London?
I think she's made some appearances in the movie she was in Ocean's Eight
I think I'll have to watch those movies as well! They are pretty good.
I do, and he starred in Desperado!
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i answer for you?
Sure! Do you have a genre preference?
Certainly! It was released in 1847. She also wrote The Professor. Have you read any of her books?
Thanks, I will add that one to my read list!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
Ernest Hemingway wrote that one as well.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I do not have information on her other books, but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Of course, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal and The Bone Clocks.
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
I am, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, I do like them. Did you know that they made it to a movie?
Yes, it is. Do you like him as an author?
Robert Jackson wrote it as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Jackson just made it easier to read.
It was released in 1932
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance films?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures.
At the Water's Edge is one of the actresses that starred in the movie.
Sure thing!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013.
It looks like it is from the United States of America.
That's right. I should look it up.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have other movies in the genre like The Civil War, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, and The Republic of Love.
He starred in The Civil War and Levity. Do you like those movies?
By Josh Grisham?
You might also enjoy Into the Wild by John Grisham. Have you read that one?
Sure. I'll add the Crow Road to your reading list now.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and the Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Science Fiction Genre
There is The Fault in Our Stars
the genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
Sure, The Scar and House Rules are similar to this.
It was co-written by J.D. Salinger.
Sure, Dan Simmons also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men: First Class.
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
Alright, I will add it to your watch list!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
I like watching LeBron James play. What about you?
He's a point guard. I think he's a good player
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
I don't have any examples but J.D. Salinger also wrote Franny and Zooey but you might like that.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like Pink. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a great book, it was written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2002, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would recommend it if you liked it.
I recommend World Without End, which is a historical novel.
Great! Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written by Mike Mills. Do you like his work?
That is a Romantic Comedy. anything else i can answer for you?
have a good day
I think you would enjoy A Beautiful Mind. It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a great comedy.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it.
Someone Like You is a comedy drama
You're Welcome
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the genre or would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
Franny and Zooey is a great book.
I don't know much about football but I do know he was born in Argentina.
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it is a mystery like Fifty Shades of Grey.
I can't think of a good one but if you like drama you should check out The Roof Beam and Cold Mountain.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They're a good team. Mike McCarthy is their coach.
I'm a fan of the NY Giants. They are currently playing the Patriots.
Wally Lamb is a great actress. She has starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'm not sure about that, but I know This Much Is True is a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out
I do too. Please enjoy
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I'm a Packers fan so I really do not know much about the Cowboys.
Sure, do you like Spike Jonze?
The main star in the movie is Peter Dinklage, did you know that?
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is in the genre of sci-fi.
You are welcome!
I do agree! She has a nice voice. I think she is very talented. Did you know she was in a movie too?
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She also starred in I Spy, which is a comedy.
Yes, she was in it as well! Do you like her acting?
Great, she is very talented.
Downfall is a war film written by Malcom Lowry. It was released in 2010.
They used to be a war film
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, have you read Welcome to Temptation, Wolf Brother or Water for Elephants?
If you like Wuthering Heights, I think you'll enjoy Wolf Brother!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a family drama written by Daniel Henney. Do you like Hemingway?
Yes! It is also a sci-fi film.
Yes! That was a great movie. It is also a direct sequel of Big Hero 6 and was released in 2012.
That's great. It also has a genre of Animation.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Dolphins?
Tony Romo is also a producer. Did you know he was born in Benton Harbor?
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson is the main character in the film. It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You really should check it out. I like it too.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I don't really know much about golf, but I do know he's from Canada.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves. It is actually a great book.
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I believe he is on the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
No I am not, but I do know that The Denver Nuggets are part of the National Basketball Association.
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and that one was a comedy. Do you like comedy films?
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
He directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone Girl, just to name a few.
It is a Tom Cruise action film.
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Hope you enjoy it!
I do, she's talented. My favorite song of hers is Don't Go Breaking My Heart.
Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Oh yea she is also in The Lorax too. She is in one of my favorite movies
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know he's a football player.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
She's written a series of books in the fantasy genre, such as The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Sue Grafton is also in the Young-adult fiction genre.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know of any other football teams?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it stars Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. It is an animated movie. Do you like Dead Poets Society?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula, released in 1989.
Cool, maybe you'd like to learn about any other Drama movies.
You're welcome
He's the sibling of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like her?
Yes, I think so. Did you know she also starred in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is a book and a movie.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Its a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum directed The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i answer for you?
They are both great actors starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like them?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Well, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, and Joaquin Phoenix starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it won the Tony award for Best Original Score!
She also has a TV series, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, which is a romance film.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Well, it's a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a Thriller
I'm not sure about that
Sam Rockwell starred in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1946 American fantasy film directed by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Last Temptation of Christ.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Peter Mensah and Eva Green both starred in The Other Guys.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She was in The Civil War and Levity, both great movies.
You are correct. He was so funny in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
Right. He was also in The Green Mile if you have not seen that movie.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American crime drama film starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's excellent. He was also in The Aviator and Vanishing Acts. Have you seen those?
I hope that you enjoy it! Do you want to know more about Leonardo DiCaprio?
I agree! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, I can recommend you the movie 50/50 with Stephen Meyers. Have you heard of this one?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Your welcome.
Yes. They are part of the NBA.
They are. They are in the NFC West, which is a good team.
I haven't seen it but I did hear he's a good actor.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 1946.
If you like historical fiction you may want to check out Wyrd Sisters, or Xenocide.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't read any of his work but I do know he was influenced by Richard Matheson
Sure! You might also enjoy The Crucible, by Christopher Bigsby.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
That is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It is written by Dave Pelzer, and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2003.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway
The Dark Knight Rises is a great one
Guillermo Arriaga directed it
It was released in 2011.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in What's Up, Tiger Lily have you seen that?
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Colombia national team. He is currently playing for FC Barcelona and the Colombia national team.
Yes, they are quite good. Their coach is Jose Mourinho.
I think he's only played a few years now.
No, I don't but it looks like you are from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson, and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1999
Enjoy
It is a National Football League tean owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
What is your favorite team?
She plays Badminton, He's a famous badminton player, and was born in Mumbai.
She did! That was a great year for her!
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was also in the summer olympics.
You're welcome!
Sure, he is a good writer. He wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David McRaney.
He is a famous author and a musician as well.
Thank you
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, there is. It's based on the book of Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction and Gattaca.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Charlize Theron, Timothy Spall, Colm Meaney and Jim Broadbent.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it was, have you seen it?
The Kite Runner is a romance film. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
Sure, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like dramas?
He did. That's a good one. It's considered a science fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. Do you like theaters?
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure but the story is a drama.
It's a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's a novel and speculative fiction.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925.
You might enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby. I highly recommend these.
Elizabeth George Speare is the author.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
Me, too! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Melissa Leo! Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason and released in 1856.
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale, I recommend it.
Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It's in the speculative fiction genre.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, J.K. Rowling, and Daniel Radcliffe to name a few.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great songwriter.
South African cricket team.
No. I am not a fan of cricket but I do know that they play at least one game.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It starred Elina Alminas and Meryl Streep.
great enjoy!
Enjoy your movie
Yes I do, did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend The Boy in the Striped Pajamas its a good movie.
The Princess and the Frog is highly recommended. I think you would like that one.
That is a good one, yes it is dark and sad.
Yes, it was written by Jack London. It's a wonderful novel.
You might enjoy The Sea Wolf.
It was released in 1903 and is in the genres of Fiction and Historical Fiction.
Yes, it is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read Beautiful Disaster?
I am going to add to my read list. Did you know Jamie also wrote Walking Disaster?
I think you'd enjoy it. It's a Romance novel as well.
No problem, enjoy!
Enjoy.
I don't know any actors similar to Jennifer Lawrence, but I do know she starred in X-Men: First Class. Are you interested in actors like that?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in it
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
Your welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Bears. They are in the AFC West division. Do you like them?
Right now they are #1 at the NFC West. Will you be watching?
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may enjoy.
You may like The City of Ember, which is also historical fiction.
That movie stars Jenna Boyd, Clint Eastwood and Liam Nelson.
I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I don't know that information unfortunately, but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter from New York.
I like it too! I also like Nicolas Sparks movies like The Last Song.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want a romantic novel?
I don't have any other information on them, but if you are interested in more books by Nicholas Sparks, they are a must!
I've read a few. The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Enjoy!
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
Well, from what I can tell, it's a drama, if you'd like to watch it.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Jodie Foster also starred in Young Victoria.
Okay, I'll have to check that out
Sure, have you see Wildwood Dancing or The Devil's Advocate?
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel?
I recommend Fast and the Furious 2 and Fast and the Furious 2.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You are welcome
Sure, do you like it because it's an action or adventure movie?
State of the Union is a similar movie to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse which he wrote.
I can't seem to find any other movies he was in but I can list out the ones he was in if you'd like?
What type of movies are you interested in?
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Do you like the genre or the author?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations for that genre.
Yes. It's an autobiography released in 1968.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I only know a little about him. He's a great player though.
I didn't know that!
Yes I do. I like his song The Bodyguard. Do you like it?
Too Good at Goodbyes is a couple of Sam Smith's song. Do you know him?
Yes that is true, do you like his music?
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
Haha, I see. I do like the Philadelphia Eagles though.
Yes, he wrote the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass. Do you like his comedy?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He was also in Funny Girl.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I haven't seen that movie. I don't know if he was in that film.
He's a good actor. I liked him in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that movie?
Oh, then I guess he's famous for his role in The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team. I don't follow football too closely.
I didn't know Philidel is owned by a team owner, Michelle Williams.
Oh really! I didn't know that. That's a great movie. It's a biography.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a romance novel.
Yes, it was released in 1856, the same year that Jane Austen released her book the Northanger Abbey.
Well, it seems that you'd like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Is that something you'd like?
I'm happy to help, enjoy!
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It also was written by Alan Ball. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, and it stars Woody Harrelson
Yeah, she is pretty talented. Did you know she was born in Serena Williams?
Is she a good player?
Good Deeds is probably one of her most popular romantic comedies.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have information about that
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1995 and directed by Ridley Scott
He was in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, enjoy the movies
I'm unsure if Shakira has a new album, but she starred in a few movies. My favorite is Beyonce. Have you heard it?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was the same award for Love in the Time of Cholera, do you know who the star is?
I love James and the Giant Peach! Have you seen that film?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you might also like Howl's Moving Castle. Have you seen it?
The Sandman: Season Of Mists, The Sandman: Fables and Reflections. Do you like his work?
Sure! Wicked City is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Hodgman and is in the genre of Fantasy.
Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote one of the books Where the Red Fern Grows
It was released in 1951
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
I'm not sure, but The Best of Me was also written by Nicolas Sparks. Have you read it?
Sure, you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a Romance novel as well.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was also the same year When the Wind Blows came out
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, and children's literaturee is considered children's literature.
Yes, he did. There was also a film adaptation of Go, Dog, Go.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is in the genre of Speculative Fiction
Sure, some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Fassbender, Elina Alminas
I sure can. He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Danny Boyle has directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance, Trainspotting is a great Thriller. He also starred in The Green Mile, which is a classic.
It's a drama with a bit of drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know he also starred in Julian Glover and is a history film?
I dont know about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man and Flight
Rosario Dawson was in that movie
sorry not sure
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He also starred in Warriors, which is a science fiction film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like soccer. Did you know she won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
The genre is warandlung
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I think Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is in it as well.
Yes, and Debra Winger also starred in that movie.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Simón Andreu is the main star.
It was released in 2005, and written in English.
Yes, it was.
your welcome
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome.
It's a great movie. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Then you'll like Without a Trace. It is also a drama, have you seen that one?
Great, enjoy!
That's a great movie. Did you know that it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, he is the author of the novel, The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical fiction. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama.
Gulliver's Travel is another great one, it is a historical fiction film, have you seen it?
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like Biographies like that one?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it appears that it was also turned into a film, if you'd like to read it, try The Diary of Anne Frank.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a drama.
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Ok, you might also like the movie X-Men 2. That's a great comedy for sure.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is in the suspense genre.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it was released in 1986. Have you seen them ?
No, We Are Marshall is a comedy about football.
haha. I don't know who starred in that movie, but he is a good actor.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
He might have heard of him. He's also a linebacker if I remember him.
Great! Have a wonderful day.
I do, she is a talented athlete who plays midfielder.
I'm a big fan of hockey and baseball. What about you?
The Broncos. I think they're a good team.
Sure, do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Yes that's correct. Did you know Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3?
You're welcome. Do you like to know more about Jamie Kennedy?
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy. I would suggest reading it for you.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about that?
Cinderella is a fantasy.
It was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is that the genre you are looking for?
She was in The Iron Giant and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by Stephen King and also stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's considered pop music. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and more. Have you heard of any of those ?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. However, he is a musician and a model.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
He is also a musician and a model.
He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
He also wrote She's the Man and It's a Wonderful Life
She appears in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question, I do not have that information
Yes I do, have you read the book in English?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie.
Hmmm, I don't have that information. However it was written by Christopher Nolan.
Woody Herman wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I do not know much about tennis, but I do know that it is very exciting and has a lot of interesting players.
Sure! Do you like movies in the genre comedy?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines is a good drama book that was released in 2012. If you like drama, The Where You Are is a good book.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like to know more of her books?
Where You Are was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it.
Have a good day!
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a drama starring Steven Soderbergh.
He's been in The Good Girl, which is a thriller. He also starred in The Ice Storm. Have you seen that one?
No problem! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen which is a fantasy film. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It's a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 1994.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Sure, in 1847. It's a really good book.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! It was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It was released in 2004 and the genre is historical fiction
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is listed under Science Fiction and Fantasy
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
Yes, Leo wrote that too, he seems to be a great writer as well. One of my favorites is Leo's work.
Yes, it is a social novel, are you interested in those?
Yes, that is correct. She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Lost Prince.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's correct! He was well-known for his role in The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates too.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote The War of the Worlds and The Casual Vacancy.
It falls under the genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. He is the author of the book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It's a Speculative Fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you should check out I can recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama/ crime movie released in 1999.
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five? It is a crime drama.
You're welcome!
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the soccer team but I do know he is from Guadalajara.
Wasn't he also on the Spain national football team?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004. Todd Phillips also wrote Old School.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romance film.
I also recommend Suicide Squad which was a really good as well.
Yes, that is a great mystery movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books?
Persuasion is written by Michael Clayton.
Persuasion was originally published in 1817.
I have never heard about it but relating to what I have seen it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in Wings of Desire.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in Underworld: Evolution.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch most matches from time to time, but I also enjoy watching Venus Williams play. How about you?
Actually, I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching Venus Williams play. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
The Sword in the Stone and The Golden Compass are two good family novels
I have read A Light In The Attic, but I haven't read that one.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
It also stars David Schwimmer and Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but I know Evangeline Lilly produced that film.
Did you like it because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. They are good.
No problem, enjoy
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great one
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker was an author and a musician. Are you interested in his work?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I did not know that. Is he a football player?
Nice! I think he is a very good player.
Yes I think he was a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, I know that Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear. Would you like to know more about that?
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film series. She also wrote The Prince and The Guard.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The Last Man, and The One. She starred in those as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
His style of music is Rhythm and Blues and Blues.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a lot of movies starring Jesse Eisenberg in The Social Network.
It was released in 2010 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, you will like The Road to El Dorado as well.
I did not, but I saw it. It was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson.
He is also in Fight Club, have you seen it?
That's right, he is an amazing actor.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote the book Unbreakable.
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Sure, Aladdin was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Little Women.
Sure, you might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2013. It's also popular in the Children's Literature genre.
You're welcome!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Certainly. You could try To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, or For Whom the Bell Tolls.
It was released in 1935, the same year that Way Station was released.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who does Brees play for?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I liked him in Men in Black 3 and I like him too.
Isn't he with Holly Hunter?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that it is a book or movie that was released in 1990.
It is a Historical novel if you like White Oleander.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945 and is a fantasy book.
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh! You are right. I don't know much about the Madison Square Garden. Are you a fan of hockey?
They grew up in the Jordan era, too. Did you know that Mike Woodson was a member of the team?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
Well, it was released in 1997.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Great! Have a great day!
Are you a fan of the author John Steinbeck?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
Yes, you are correct. Do you follow football?
It's hard to say, but I'm more of a football fan myself.
I agree with you on that! He is quite good as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, then you might also like The Mexican if you like that genre.
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
It is a horror film and similar to The Prestige.
I'm not sure, but Jonathan Nolan wrote the book The Prestige.
Memento stars Ethan Hawke and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Old Curiosity Shop
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls under the genre fantasy. Have you heard of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
Some other books in the genre of Speculative fiction include The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Golden Compass.
Yes, she wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a romance novel, there is also a film adaptation of this story starring Anne Hathaway
You are welcome, enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie.
The Holiday was released in 2009
It is a Romance/Comedy.
Yvonne Zima starred in The Holiday which is a thriller.
yes she starred in the TV series, along with Anne Hathaway.
WALLE is an action movie directed by Alden Ehrenreich. Do you like his work?
SALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
Sure- it's a sci-fi action film released in 2011.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. It stars Ben Stiller and Hugh Jackman.
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman to name a few.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books similar to Will Grayson include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Sure, other young adult fiction books I can recommend are; The Truth About Forever, and The Puppet Master.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered a children's book.
I have not seen it but what do you know about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
It stars Ocean's Twelve. Ocean's Eleven is also written by George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I do, I like football. What is your favorite team?
SC Freiburg is a great team. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
It is considered a Memoir and an Autobiography.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well. He was born in J.K. Rowling. He was also in the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Sure. I hope you enjoy them!
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a Fiction and the genre is fiction.
I'm sorry I don't know about it, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
Of course! Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
So you must enjoy action films. Perhaps you would also like Hobo with a Shotgun
It stars Rupert Graves and Johnny Depp. It's a great comedy.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Steig Larsson wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and Flickan som lekte med elden.
Sure thing! It was released in 2005 and is in English.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do, he starred in Thriller Film Wicked. I love his movies. Have you seen those?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction/Thriller. It was released in 2011 and also stars Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote it as well. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a drama.
Oh, it's a great movie, I think you'll enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
I don't know anything about him, either. He's a good basketball player?
He was great in Ghostbusters!
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and he was also in XXXVIII.
That's a great film. J.J. Abrams also starred in A Man Apart.
No problem!
He's also written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
He's a great actor. He's written some great books, including What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Yes he did
Yes, I will. It is a great movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
Not really, but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I prefer action films like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Not sure, but it is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it's in the English language.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That depends, do you like thrillers or mysteries?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
the genre is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There is! It's a great movie starring Shailene Woodley.
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
Sure. It was written by Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom : Set Decoration by: Edwin B. Willis
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also has a genre of Comedy-Drama.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like me to continue?
OK. He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden.
Robert Zemeckis wrote that. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great I'll add it to your list.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman.
Collateral Damage was written by Roland Emmerich. He is also a writer on it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
I'm not sure, but it is a war film similar to The Running Man.
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and Cloverfield
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know that she starred in the movie Gnomeo & Juliet.
Have you read Wicked Lovely or What My Mother Doesn't Know?
You might also like the book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, it is a fantasy novel.
Great! Have a wonderful day.
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It is a memoir about a trip she made to Italy
Okay have a great day
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is starring Will Smith.
You are correct. I can recommend another movie that John Carpenter directed. It is a crime fiction.
Yes, you are correct. He has starred in it, too. He's been in a lot of things. Would you like to know more?
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors but I do know it was written by Sean Byrne.
He wrote The Iliad which was released in 1999.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E.
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it is a animated short.
You're welcome
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
The BFG is a family friendly film. You should check it out.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is in the genre of fantasy. It was written by Zora Neale Hurston.
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It's interesting!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, they were. The Red House was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did it was directed by Oren Moverman.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a specific genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but Kevin James also directed Zoolander.
Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are similar.
Colin Farrell stars in Nightcrawler. He is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
It was released in 2003
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main actors starred in it.
You're welcome.
It is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks.
I think you'd like The Alamo, which is also written by Michael Lewis. The Blind Side is a drama film.
It stars Brad Pitt and it is released in 2011.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, City of Glass, and City of Fallen Angels.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, it was released in 2013 and is in the English language.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which was released in 1982.
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it was a fantasy film.
You're welcome!
Of course, Mere Christianity is a Christian literature written by C. S. Lewis in 1952.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love the song, Yellow Submarine, that he and John Lennon wrote.
Not really, I don't know about Liverpool. What about you?
I have never heard of him. Is he on the team?
Do you know if he played or not?
Great Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted
Wintergirls is a novel written in English and released in 1946.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, that's great. Did you know that she starred in a movie called Bloody Sunday?
Battleship is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He's been in a lot of great movies. He was in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like comedies?
I have not seen anything in Marc Forester's series. I do know that he starred in The New York Yankees.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Enjoy!
I do! Mockingjay is an author who wrote Sense and Sensibility.
No problem. I'd recommend Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. Both are very good.
That is correct. Enjoy!
He is a actor. He starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He is very talented. He directed a number of films like Little Miss Sunshine.
Elizabeth is a version of Elizabeth. The first in the story is Little Miss Sunshine that I think you will enjoy.
It is considered a Drama/Fantasy. It's similar to Little Miss Sunshine.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. It's in the genre of romance and drama. Do you like romance books?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Eddie Murphy. It is a musical, do you like that genre?
How about The Silence of the Lambs? I heard this is a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Well, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain to name a few.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
He has starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller film.
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know William Hurt starred in it?
X-Men 2 is another great one
You're welcome
I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released in 2013?
Sure, he also directed and produced The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you a fan of his?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that Daphne du Maurier wrote Jamaica Inn.
It was released in 1937.
No problem, glad to help.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
If you live in Pittsburgh, you might want to visit Lambeau Field some day.
he is good. do you like any other sports?
He's a good coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
Yes, they sure did.
Yes, I am. Did you know he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, Jed Brophy and Emilio Estevez also star in it.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't believe so, but I do know Jerry Bruckheimer starred in the movie. It was a great comedy.
Yes, she was in Fifty Shades of Grey and Bleak House. Have you seen them?
I can tell you that it is in the genre of sci-fi. Would you like to hear about Joseph Sikora?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora and also stars Thomas Lennon and James Cannon. It is a thriller.
You're right, he did star in The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Do you like poetry?
Donald Sutherland, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Dracula (Gothic Fiction Book). what else can i do for you?
Can I help you with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I don't have information on it's genre, but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Its a mystery
You might like Z for Zachariah
It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
No problem
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Caine, Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. Do you like them?
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family movies?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Wraith. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Sean Penn was in the film. He was also in Toy Story 3.
Yes. Are you interested in genre like the Jazz Age or The American Dream? Another book by author F. Scott Fitzgerald is Tender Is The Night.
Well, I'm aware that it's a drama and is also a tragedy. Is that what you're looking for?
Well, it's a drama released in 2012. I'm sure you have heard of it, but it's a short story.
You are welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a Romance film. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I never watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about the Bruges?
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2003.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I think you might also enjoy American Pie. Chris Weitz also wrote The Golden Compass and Incendiary.
I love that one. Chris Weitz is in it, he also directed Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, I can. He directed both The Power of Six and The Words. Have you heard of those?
I would. It's a great speculative fiction book. Is that the type of books you are looking for?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Mystery. She also wrote The Nightingale if you want to read it.
It is written by Matt Damon and was released in 1982. Do you want to know more titles?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He stars in The Expendables 2
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he did. It is a great movie. Enjoy!
Of course, it is a Romance movie, was released in 2000.
Yes, they were both released in 1957. Did you know that Theodore Lesieg also wrote White Fang?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg as well.
Great. Glad I could help!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
Ok, and if you want to hear more of Melissa Benoist movies she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well as science fiction.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think you will enjoy that one.
You're welcome
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Well, Lakers would definitely be fun to watch. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Really! I will have to check that out.
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Excellent, have a great day!
Sure! Did you enjoy The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you might like Beautiful Creatures.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they or owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a good player.
That's great! What is your favorite sport?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
It is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I liked him in The Matrix Revolutions and Transformers. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. It is both of the comedy genre. Have you seen it?
Yes! I like it. Do you like it because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Did you like the book because it was written by Jean M. Auel?
Yes, you may want to check out Little House on the Prairie
Yes, that recommendations I have a little more. Were you looking for books with her?
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. What is that about?
I didn't know that. I see that Venus has lost to Maria Sharapova but maybe both the Williams sisters.
I don't know the Lost Symbol but I know it was written by Dan Brown. Would you like me to list more of his books?
That is a really good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
He did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I have other Dramas like The Lost Symbol and Jurassic Park III just to name a few
Enjoy
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies.
It's a Thriller.
You might enjoy "The Wolverine" or "Wolverine."
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he's also in X-Men: First Class. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote a pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you looking for something like that?
Sutton has written Seven Pounds, The Selfish Gene and Seven Pounds.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, it is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
I would suggest Män som hatar kvinnor.
I will have to check them out!
Gone with the Wind is a drama. Do you like drama?
Ok, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Steve Carell and was written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicolas Sparks. Did you like the movie or the book?
He is a good writer. He wrote The Wedding Planner and The Last Song.
It is a good one. Do you like fiction?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is written by Cornelia Funke. She also wrote Inkheart as well.
Enjoy!
Did you like the Hangover because it is a comedy?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis and is in the Thriller genre.
Your welcome
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Speculative fiction, like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's considered a drama.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni is both an athlete and a actor, having starred in Hook Ya Crook
Yes, that is true, do you like soccer?
I know he played in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe it was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy Children's literature, I recommend The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I don't know about that, but I can recommend some other books by him.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, they are part of the National Football League. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Yes, do you like this because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, he also starred in Cotthroat Island and The Wolverine. Do you like animation films?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome, have a great day!
This movie was released in 2012 and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in his movies?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
The films that you might like are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
Yes, he did. He was also in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was made into a movie. The movie was directed by John Green
What Do You Do was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams, William Hurt and William Hurt.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about that one, but I can recommend another excellent book The Stars My Destination.
Yes, it's a vampire series. Do you like vampire movies?
You might be right. It's part of a series of books as well. It's the Twilight series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller released in 2014
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
It was released in 1931 and is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays Golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I didn't know much about Golf, but I remember Adam Sandler was in the movie. Do you like Golf?
I love Julie Bowen! I think she was really funny too.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the principal actors.
It is a fantasy, do you like those types of movies?
That was released in 2013 and written by Rick Yancey.
The one released in 2016 was Zodiac, that also came out in 2014.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Sure! You might like The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, or The Infinite Sea.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She was in Valentine's day with Kevin Spacey as well. She was also in The Lorax, which is a great film.
I didn't know she was in Men in Black 3, but I did see the movie she was hilarious in The Giver.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a very good movie. It's a thriller and stars Hugh Jackman.
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, he starred in Men in Black 3 and he is a good singer.
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
That's too bad she was in Princess Protection Program
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in Wonderland
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg, Zach Galifianakis, Adam Sandler and Jeff Garlin
Yes, he did and it was directed by Joel Coen, who is a great director!
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 2000 and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It sure was. Another good book is Notre Dame. I highly recommend it.
Cool, enjoy the books!
You are welcome!
I know he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know a lot about her. But I know she is a singer, right?
Yeah a lot, he's done a wide range of songs like Steph Curry and Harmony Dancer. Do you know any of them?
No, if you like Coldplay you might like X-Men 2 or X-Men Apocalypse.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a drama. It's also considered a comedy.
Sure, that's a great choice. Tom Everett and Roger Rees also starred in Peter and Paul. I think it's a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
I actually don't follow them too much this season. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is their coach now!
I really do not know much about them, they're coached by Wayne Weaver.
I do. He is a very good basketball player.
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets, right?
It was a great movie by Danny DeVito!
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
My data is not showing the exact date but I do know that the book was based on his books.
Ok enjoy your reading!
She is a tennis player. She is from Constanta, Romania and quite good. Do you like her?
I do not watch tennis at all but I think Serena Williams is very talented. I like tennis better than Venus.
Yeah, she lost to Serena a lot of matches. I think she was in the 2012 Olympics.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
No, he did not. I think he coached the Denver Broncos.
I believe it was Super Bowl XIX so it's been a little while
Yes, I like him, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller.
Shark Night is a horror starring Katharine McPhee.
Stephenie Meyer is the main character.
I'll order it for you now.
Yes, there was a movie based on J.K. Rowling's work called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Would you like to know more about that?
He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are, which is a fantasy/action film.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, it was written by Fountainhead.
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Invisible Man, The House of Mirth and Lolita are all written by Bram Stoker. Do you like horror?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Did you know that Stephen King was also a writer?
The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction, speculative fiction, and science fiction
She wrote The Secret Garden and A Little Princess, have you read them?
Yes, this book is a romance novel and it was released in 1999.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance film?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, I did enjoy it, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Richard LaGravenese and stars Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. Did you know he stars in it?
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he was in The Godfather Part II, you might like that.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Rock
Great, enjoy!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is considered a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like his works?
It is written in English and released in 2015.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like dramas?
He was also in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Patterson and stars him as a musician.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone also starred in that movie.
you are welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Nicholas Cage.
Yes, it's genre is Seven Psychopaths
I agree. Did you know he was born in LA?
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't really follow it. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks?
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, do you like it because Yaphet Kotto and Tom Skerritt star in it?
Yes, he is the director of that series. It's a thriller, action, and adventure film.
Not that I can find at this moment, but he has produced many great horror films such as Hunted and White House Down.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Snow White and the Huntsman. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, it is written by Sue Monk Kidd and was released in 2014.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is a psychological thriller.
He also produced the thriller film Nineteen Eighty-Four.
John Cusack is the writer of War films. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. Do you like him as an actor or singer?
It was a pretty good movie. He was also in Vanilla Sky.
He was considered a friend with Will Smith. I wonder if he is friends with Tyra Banks
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you're correct. I think you'd like it. It was also written by her.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees. They're in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
That's right, he also owns the Boston Red Sox.
I'm sure they have a lot of action in it, too. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Oh, I forgot about that one. It was on the New York Times Best Seller list.
Yes, Tiny Tim is a folk rocker who won the World Series in 2010
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of them? I only watch badminton when he played badminton. I've always enjoyed the 2012 summer olympics.
Oh, I'm sorry. I don't follow it closely, but I do know that he is an athlete that plays badminton. Is that your favorite sport?
I do, it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that what you would like to know?
I do! It was written by Stan Lee. It is a fiction and science fiction film. Have you seen it?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do you Do
It is a non fiction book
What genre of books do you like?
You're welcome
He wrote the Great Dune Trilogy
Okay, have you heard about Lost in Space? It was this good one.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a drama or a science fiction movie?
Then you will like Let it Be, have you seen it yet?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
It is a wonderful movie. I would recommend it if you haven't seen it already. It is a wonderful movie.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Did you enjoy Little Miss Sunshine because it is a Romance or Drama?
It was released in 2005 and directed by David Ayer. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes, I have heard of it.
Yes, I will add it to your reading list.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a great day!
Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster. He also wrote Beautiful Sacrifice and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
I don't know what other work he has written, but I do know Jamie McGuire won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
OK, but I don't have that information.
He is! He wrote The Shining and The Crossing. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
I like Cam Newton. He's fun to watch. Who's your favorite?
He is a writer, poet, and director. Some of his most influential works include  [Z no shmetsu],  and  [Noruwei no Mori].
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jesse Eisenberg.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
Well, the Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel
Yes, it is part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction novels?
It's part of a series, the next in the series is The Mists of Avalon, have you read it?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. This book was released in 1982 and is part of the series The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome! Enjoy your book!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
What If You Do is a romantic comedy and also starring Charlize Theron.
It is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic drama?
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Inheritance Cycle. Have you read it?
The Next Best Thing is Literature and Speculative Fiction.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it, but I know it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
Sure, it was released in 2007.
Yes, that is correct. Do you enjoy Wicked Appetite?
I'm not a fan of his. I only know that he is a singer/songwriter.
Definitely, Ken Kesey wrote a book called Never Let Me Go which is a drama. Do you like Dramas?
Yes, he was. It's a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Denzel Washington was in Leo Tolstoy. Do you like The Martian?
Well, he starred in the movies The Dark Knight, which was directed by Rob Reiner.
I do not know any other movies with him, but I know he was in a romantic relationship with Keira Knightley.
Lukas Haas Haas In the movie is a popular movie that they starred in.
They both starred in the movie The Importance of Being Earnest and The Grinch.
No problem, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of his?
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the fantasy genre.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies! District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. District 9 is also a thriller.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! She was in Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you seen those?
I have several songs like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Pep Guardiola and Jupp Heynckes are some of the players on that team.
I believe he was from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander 2 starting Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor
Jim Carrey stars in a lot of movies. I am not sure about the other movies he has acted in either.
Glad to help!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
Well, it seems like a lot of fun to watch since it's getting more popular in the U.S. I think.
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote it, it was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is. Do you like her books? She wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Well, if you like fantasty, you'll enjoy the book.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about this book?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't have any other information on that, but a few you may like are Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film.
You are welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, it was released that year, and that was written by Aldous Huxley.
Actually that was the same year The Last Battle was released.
You're very welcome!
I know he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Grand Design and The A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
OK, have a good day!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
Yeah, it's a great movie. It's also action/Adventure. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that. That's a great movie.
Shack is Action/Adventure movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It's a Fiction and was released in 2008. It was written in English.
Yes, it was released in 2008. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome, hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I like her very much! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do enjoy her music. She's very talented. Aside from being an actor, she's also a musician, I can't remember when she was on the show.
Yes, that is a great song. I also watched her on American Idol.
Robin Williams starred in the movies such as Venom, Gladiator and Women in Love.
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred in The Mask of Zorro?
Yes, she was, did you know the movie was directed by David Fincher?
Enjoy!
Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity. He also directed The Scarlatti Inheritance. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
Shark Night is also a thriller that you might like.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Sure, it was released in 1953 and is in the English language.
Sure, I would recommend The Widow Maker, The Book of Mormon and the Lord of the Rings
Yes, that is written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a very good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is an allstar basketball player, he was born in Long Beach, California.
You mean the Basketball player?
He played point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He's a point guard.
Yes. Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is an action thriller
your welcome
it was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
Sure, Lana Wachowski wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded
He directed the Matrix Reloaded, which was also directed by him.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Tom stars in Allegiant.
It is a action film, similar to Zombieland.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama.
Yes, it starred Audrey Wells and Michael Fassbender.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you heard of those movies?
Uglies, Casual Vacancy, and The Bounty Hunter are some of his most popular movies.
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did, along with Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome! Enjoy it.
He's a writer, director and producer. He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I would recommend Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
you are welcome
Yes, it was a good movie. Did you know that Paul Giamatti starred in it?
Sure, if you enjoy Taxi Driver you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen that?
Enjoy!
I know that he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team, but that's it.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
I don't know if he was on Liverpool but I agree that he is a good player.
They are a team in the NFL, owned by Robert Kraft and Tom Brady is their quarterback.
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films? They are a must! Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in the lengthy series.
Thanks. I will have to check it out
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was also released in 2016.
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Danny McBride to name a few. I have other information about the movie.
No problem. What genre do you like?
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great story. If you enjoy reading it you should read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
It is a drama released in 1945. It is also a play written by Kylie Scott.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a fantasy film.
It stars a romantic drama, and also a comedy. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure about that, but I know he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No I do not.
I can't remember their time but I would love to see them go too. Did you know they were owned by Magic Johnson?
Yes, they are very talented. I am a Padres fan and since they won the 2012 World Series. What is your favorite team?
I do like the Rangers, he is a great team. I am not a huge fan of football but I do know they are owned by The San Francisco Giants.
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I like soccer. I prefer American Football. Soccer tends to bore me.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are good. Do you know anything about football?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative Fiction genre, but it was written by Walter Hill.
Well, it's pretty good. You should give it a try.
You're welcome.
She's wrote In Her Shoes, a drama. Are you familiar with that?
I am not familiar with her, but I would consider it to be a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Okay, I think you would enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes too.
Have a great day!
Great, and she has quite a few talents.
Have a good day!
Yes, it is written by Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
Well, it's actually a series. The next in the series is Odd Thomas is Odd Thomas. Have you read the next book in the series? It is called Inferno.
Rob Zombie wrote that one as well. It was released in 2008.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was written in 1813. It's a wonderful romance novel.
Well, it appears he has starred in many films, including Xenocide, Emma, Jane Austen, and Mrs. Smith.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might also enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's also a romance film.
Divergent was directed by Veronica Roth and was released in 2012. Is there anything else I can help you with?
World Without End, Wolf Brother and Wicked Lovely are all similar to Divergent.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's true. I think she's also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's a romantic comedy
Thanks enjoy the movie!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
It's in the genre of historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend They Do it with Mirrors by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it is a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I see, both Ralph Fiennes and Mirna Richardson both starred in Tristan & Isolde and Wolfen.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, do you like that genre?
You might like the War film X-Men 2. It is also a war film written by John Woo.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar is starring Jared Leto and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Do you like their movies?
He was in Madagascar : Sequel: A Memoir. A Memoir was released in 2000.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a popular one he directed.
i believe so, but Anna Kendrick produced The Worlds End. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright as well, and it is starring Zo Bell, do you like his movies?
Awesome!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
He is a basketball player, from Oklahoma City.
Yup he plays the position of point guard for the Seattle Seahawks
Sure! A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
I don't have information on that, but I know he is from the United States of America.
Really, I didn't know that. I know he was in the 1992 Summer Olympics, right?
I agree, he does a good job with his tennis ability, which is hard to keep track of what I've enjoyed.
He is a writer and film producer. He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman was a journalist and author.
It's classified as children's literature and a Historical period drama.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
Me too! Have you seen X-Men 2?
Yes, he is a great actor. I liked him in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I do not know, but is there anything else I can help you with?
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
It's a Comedy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yeah I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 1996 and is a drama/romance
I sure do, some other psychological thrillers are Shark Night, xXx, and Zodiac. Do those sound interesting?
You're welcome
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a wonderful animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
I have no idea about it, only that it is an animated movie.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx. Do you like any of these?
Val Kilmer is starring in it. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel is well known for two books, The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Yes, it is. It was the first book of the Chronicles of Narnia series.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, Its by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more?
I don't follow soccer that much. I do know he is a midfielder from Germany.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I do know he is a midfielder.
not much of a football fan. who is your fav player?
oh that's cool. are you a fan of either team?
I love that movie! I went to watch it when I first saw it.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is. It's a great teen drama television show.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Orson Wells.
Yes that is a great movie! It was released in 2012. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
She also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen this movie yet?
I'll add it now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Fiction/ Fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
The novel was published in 2005 and is the first book of the novel first. The novel was published in 1991.
I know that Chelsea is an English football club who was born in Murrieta.
Wow, I didn't know they call it. The team is coached by Thomas F. Wilson. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's a Rio de Janeiro.
I do not have info on that.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
My apologies. I can recommend you The Importance of Being Earnest and Clockwork Orange
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014
Yes they were, NARUTHES was also released
Awesome, hope you enjoy
It's a crime fiction movie with Robert Downey Jr Philip Baker Hall and Lee Norris.
If you like Robert Downy Jr., he also starred in the movie Zodiac. I highly recommend it.
If you like action films, you'll enjoy Without a Trace. It is a very good one.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
I can tell you that it is a Thriller if you like that genre.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know X-Men 2?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was a great movie. It was also a movie. Do you like comedies?
I like his movies a lot, some of them are The Last Airbender and The Devil's Advocate.
Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer is a great one, if you're interested in seeing it.
Enjoy your movies!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1901 and in the English language.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Ever after,The gift, The vow
Have you read True Believer or The Notebook by him?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz.
your welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
This film was released in 1999 and the genre is based on Greek Mythology.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was also a very good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenz, warcraft, and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i answer for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Richard LaGravenese. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Happy reading! Gone Girl is also a good one.
Yes, Gillian Flynn is part of a series. The next in the series is Dark Places.
The Scar is written by Lena Olin and is in the genre of Mystery.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer, and released in 2011.
He directed The Theory of Everything
The King is a drama film released in 1995. It has genre drama, comedy, and action.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm not sure but he was in Monsters vs. Aliens.
He was in The Chemist with Anne Hathaway.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a thriller. Are you interested in books in that genre?
I don't think so, but he did write Vanishing Acts.
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like his movies, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen this one?
He also produced Monsters, Inc. as well as Brave, which is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a Brazilian professional football player, he's from Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer.
Yes and Luis Bruin is also on it
Yes I do. J. R. Ward is a great Singer, author, and film producer.
J. R. Ward also wrote A King of Dreams which is a drama.
It's a drama! Kevin Spacey, Jr. is also in it.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know much about cricket, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It seems like they play in a lot of different sports. Would you like to know anything else about it?
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was also released in 1985. That was the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I don't know. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Party was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the writer who wrote Wild Cards?
No, but Wild Cards was released in English. It's a great book written in English.
Great! Perfect Chemistry was written by Roald Dahl. What other books do you like by her?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in the Road to El Dorado. Would you like to know more about this film?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Since there is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it, you should check it out
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson in 2011.
Of course! Other books in that genre include Xenocide, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Would you like to check that one out?
He's also written a few things like This Side of Paradise, The Giver, and Thor.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
That book is called True Believer and was released in 2003. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Levithan is a great cowboys fan. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are in the NFC South division.
Yeah, they definitely made it into a movie.
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire along with Forrest Gump.
I recommend The Bourne Identity. I highly recommend that one.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Zlatan Ibrahimovi is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a forward for LA Galaxy.
Yes, I have heard about Serena, it is a tennis player and a celebrity.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she wrote and starred in Step Brothers.
He has also starred in the movie What Happens in Vegas that I highly recommend
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a really good Drama.
Matthew Vaughn directed Kick-Ass.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy film.
He also starred in Lord of War which is a crime fiction.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
I like him. He is a great composer. I liked him when he was younger.
That's very cool. I haven't heard of him since he is a musician. I wonder if he is a teacher?
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is an excellent movie that was released in 1998 and directed by David Ayer.
Good choice! Enjoy!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one of my favorites.
Yes, I can. Another movie with Liam Neeson is The Big Man. I would suggest that one.
This movie is directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 1999.
You're welcome
I can recommend you The Great Gilly Hopkins and Kathryn Bigelow
I actually don't have any other information on that, but I can tell you that The Great Gilly Hopkins is also in that genre.
Then you might also like Fifty Shades of Grey.
ok
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is in the Children's literature genre. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is also a film adaptation.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in La sombra del viento, La sombra del viento, and El juego del angel. It was released in 1958.
That's great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Of course, she's an actress who starred in the movie The Muppets. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1986
I don't see, but the Muppets was starring Snow White and the Huntsman
The Muppets is a musical comedy and she also starred in the movie Seabiscuit.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFC North division.
I like Lamar Jackson. He was a great quarterback. Do you like him?
Then I'll have to check it out
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I think you might enjoy The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young Adult Fiction.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in the Fault in Our Stars.
You might like Beautiful Creatures. It's also considered a young adult fiction and a drama.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction.
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like speculative fiction?
Some other stars include Natasha Richardson, Michael Shannon, and Gerard Butler. It's a romance film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure! It was released in 1984 and is in the genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Crime Fiction. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
He's also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a writer and a film producer.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You might enjoy Dance wiv Me or Dance wiv Me, too.
I'm not too sure, but it's been a while since I've heard some good songs.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2005. The starring role belonged to Rachel Ward
The House is a great one. You should check it out
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by Steven Spielberg in the last Crusade
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other action movies?
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she was.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! Did you know he also starred in The Muse that you may enjoy?
I do! It was written by Peter Hyams and also stars Jennifer Grey.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie, have you seen Despicable me 2?
Great, he has been in some great movies. One of them is The Incredible Burt Wonderstone. Have you seen it?
Not a problem.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Mostly Harmless and he was also a teacher.
Susan Meissner wrote The Polar Express, a great novel. It is considered a historical drama.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you interested in it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. I think you would like that one.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the Eagles. What's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots in the XXVIII.
No problem. He was married to Gisele after his wife, Gisele.
He was such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an action movie.
I have Van Helsing, a comic book that was made into a movie starring Kevin Spacey, and Oliver Platt, a comic book.
Then you might like Tropic Thunder since it is an animated movie.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your movie time!
Pearl Harbor was a member of many people. Would you like to know some of her other movies?
I am not finding related to Pearl Harbor. There is another movie in that genre of movies you might enjoy.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you have a favorite Harry Potter movie?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Gremlins was written by Steve Kloves, but I don't know much about the sequels.
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think he's actually from Golden State Warriors. Is he a good player?
I'm not sure about that, either. I do know that he starred in a movie called Space Jam.
No I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy genre?
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science, Science, Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, glad I could help.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes and the Packer is a quarterback.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it stars Stellan Skarsgrd, Robert Duvall and Richard Portnow.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he plays for the Polar Express. Did you know that he is also a snowboarder?
I think he did. He's a great golfer. Do you follow golf?
He was in Oh, I wonder if he's been in a role. Do you like action movies?
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Brothers Grimm or The Matrix Revolutions.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller. It is a great science fiction movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I do not follow football much either. I do know he is a midfielder from England.
I have not seen it either. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, I have heard of it. Is it a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Compass which is part of the Vampire Academy series
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games has the genre Young-adult fiction.
Do you like the movie because it is a romance novel?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
One of my favorites is Gone Girl. It is also a children's literature.
Yes, he also wrote Ant-Man and The Perfect Storm.
He wrote Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
I don't have any more information on that movie, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
No problem. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either. I do know Aaron Rodgers is a Quarterback
Mike McCarthy also played for the Packers. He was a great player though
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any information on any of her books, but I can tell you she was in the Historian if you like.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You're welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, the book is in the same genre as Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes, it is. It is part of the  Rabbit at Rest of the series so you should try it.
Great, enjoy and have a great day.
I am not a big sports fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Ok, I'm not sure. I don't really know him. I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a good player
I don't know much about the Greek Freak, but I did hear they were a good team.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes, he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2016
Yes, Linkin Park is still an album
The Road is a post apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both Science fiction.
The Road was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Colony.
He normally does Tragedy.
He does write science fiction books as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Did you know Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne and it's a comedy?
There is! It is considered a drama, but if you like that type of movie, you might also enjoy The Shawshank Redemption.
You're welcome!
Yes she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
I didn't realize she was on that show, but I remember seeing her on Saturday Night Live that she was awesome.
I do! Parks and Recreation is an amazing show. Do you have a favorite show?
I'm not sure, but you might be interested in several satire shows like The Invention of Lying.
Yes, that's where you heard of it.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Well, I know he's been from the United States of America and is a Midfielder and forward.
Yeah. She was born in Denver Nuggets. I think he's a woman now.
she is a great singer. I love kesha's song Till the World Ends.
Yeah, who isn't as good as Adele, but you definitely wouldn't mind watching her sing.
That's interesting. I know that John Lennon is also a singer, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, and it was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about it?
It was. I loved it! The same year as The Wild Life of Bree Tanner.
No problem, enjoy!
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with that genre?
Yes, they were by Ray Bradbury.
Of course! You're welcome.
Enjoy your book!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but I do know he was married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator, Predator, and Tracker.
Great question! Gary Sinese and Gary Oldman are playing the main characters.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Thriller
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is also a Thriller
There is no information about that here
You are welcome
Irwin kershner directed the fabulous film Star Wars Episode V- The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon both star in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
That one was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I do not know when it was published, but it's a sci-fi novel.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
I have not seen that one
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
Certainly. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
No, I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
you're welcome!
Emily Bronte wrote The Secret Garden.
It truly is a classic! It's more of a Gothic Fiction, from what I can tell
Done! Enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
You're welcome! You are welcome.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead in the adventure genre. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe the genre is young adult fiction.
I would recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both are urban fantasy.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, Not really at all. I like watching Venus and her sister Serena play tennis than golf. Do you like tennis?
That's amazing! Do you have a favorite team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Oh wow, he is alright. Did he play in Oklahoma City at one time?
Wow, I see. I am actually more of a basketball fan myself.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Tate Taylor and Sharlto Copley. Would you like to know more about it?
She was also in The Help, which was a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Viola was also in Hercules which is a very good film.
Joseph Kosinski directed The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Bryan Singer.
He sure did. Would you like to know more about the musicals?
Yes he did, and he also starred in Ghostbusters II.
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a wonderful writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like about the book?
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. She wrote The Water is Wide.
Children's literature
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton starred in Zodiac which is a action/adventure film. Do you like action?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It is a very good film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
It's a book that was released in 2014. Another book you might enjoy is Wild Cards. This book was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie director, he was born in Robocop. He also directed the film.
He also directed RoboCop 2.
Total Recall is an older children's novel released in 1990.
Your welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Sam Claffin.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help you with that. Did you need any other suggestions?
Yes, that is a young-adult fiction film. Do you like fantasy?
Miguel Artela had a great role in that movie. Do you like any of them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Shiri Watson starred in The Thirteenth Floor with Anne Hathaway.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Philip Pullman.
Happy to help.
Okay.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise . Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a film adaptation of Public Enemies. Do you like dramas?
Yes, that is a great suggestion. I think you will enjoy The Wolverine and the Proposal.
No problem!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Total Recall is starred by Roland Emmerich, Robert De Niro, and Mario Puzo.
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. It was owned by Bill Neukom and it's a Major League Baseball team.
Oh. I see. What is their mascot for the San Francisco Giants?
That is a great team! I also like the Washington Redskins.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
I don't have any other information on that movie, but I can tell you that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt
Yes, I do. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about him, just that she's a Table Tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow her?
Yes, he was from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, and if you like Zhang Ziyi, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Do you like those books?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Its a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has been made into a feature film
The genre is Patriot Games, that was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. Do you lik his movies?
Yeah, he was hilarious in Zoolander. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, he was. There also stars in that movie with Ben Stiller.
Hope you enjoy it!
I like all of her music. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I didn't know that! I think I was going to listen to it now. What is your favorite song?
That's cool, I have seen him in a few movies. Have you seen any of them?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that are similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a romantic comedy, released in 2012. Do you like romance books?
Yes, The Terminal is more funny because Tom Hanks is in it. Do you want to know more?
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you like more?
It was released in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great, it also starred Julie Walters and Anne Hathaway. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like this author or genre?
Mary Doria Russell
The Polar Express and The Little House are picture books.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was written in 1900.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Wizard of Oz
I don't know that information but would you like me to check it out
Ok great, let me know if you need anything else.
Wasn't he the one who plays for the Argentina national football team?
That's a fun sport to watch. My favorite team is The Lionel Messi. How about you?
That's true. Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. I love his music.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor.
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky and Jess Harnell is the main star.
Yes, she was. She was also in The Zodiac.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Stephen Chbosky directed the drama, The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Yes I do. It's written by Anne Rice, it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a Goof team.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants were runner-up in 2003.
Yes, they both fought in the World Series.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you might enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna. She also wrote I Am Legend with her. Do you like fantasy movies?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet?
Sure, Anne Hathaway was in it. She was also in Winter's Bone and Ernest Hemingway.
William Friedkin directed the Hunted, The French Collection and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It is a psychological thriller. Would you like to watch it?
No, I don't see any other thrillers, but I can tell you that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
I believe so. It is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-White.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like most sports, but I also like football
I like both football and soccer, but I prefer to watch college more
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Russell Crowe starred in that movie.
Alan Arkin also starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
Yes she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, thank you
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Green Mile and also wrote the book The Mouse on the Mile.
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. I think you'll enjoy them.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel
Well it's a Fantasy, so I think you'll enjoy it.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I do not know that they are in the NFC South division
I think he will be a free agent now.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Certainly! What kind of books do you like? Do you have a preferred genre? Jeff Kinney, the author of Diaries, also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should try Waiting to Exhale or Everything is Illuminated.
You are welcome! Enjoy your reading!
Apocalypto is a Romance film written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Romance films?
I don't have any information on what else he directed, but he has written The Passion of the Christ that starred Hristo Shopov as well, highly recommended.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, that's correct.
The author was J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released in 2003.
Yea, she wrote quite a few. She also wrote The Rocketeer and The Lady in the Lake.
It is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Cool, it is written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney. I'm looking for a specific genre
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island which happens to be a family film
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It also stars Tom Amandes and Zima Hayek.
You are welcome.
Not really, but I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I like Ed Sheeran, Selena Gomez, also Justin Bieber and many others. Do you like him?
Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Cosmi Lovato, and it's considered a thriller.
I do not know who was in it, but I do know it was directed by Marc Foster and was released in 2002.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree. Do you like her sister Serena?
Yes!
They are pretty good, I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
Oh, yea he is a good player
I haven't seen that one yet. I will check it out
Yes, he is a football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. What about you?
It is a great movie. You should definitely watch it if you like Jerry Maguire,
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Sorry I am not sure
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like that author?
Ok, It was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like this author?
It's considered a Horror and a Mystery. Do you like those kinds of books?
Sure, you're welcome!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leon, and it is also a Action/Adventure Film.
Well, it was released in 1966 and is in the English language. Is that what you are looking for?
It starred Cassandra Clare, and is a crime fiction. Do you enjoy those genres?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some good dramas from this genre.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and it is a Crime Fiction.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Yes, he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray is an excellent player, but I think he is one of the best players in the world.
I like tennis and baseball. Do you have a favorite sport?
Woody Harrelson, I think he's a great tennis player.
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
It is a non fiction
You are welcome
You like Rob Riggle? He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. He was also in Step Brothers.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like the song Stones.
Yes, you're right. Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I do like Sia's music. I like Sia's You Love Me and I Don't Need You. I think I'll watch them all too.
I haven't heard of Lyra , but I'll have to check it out. I like Lyra's work.
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that movie!
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso.
Yes, Bill Paxton was in it as well as starred in it.
Yes, that movie was a great drama, written by Orson Scott Card.
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone!
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend World War Z and White Fang. Have you seen those?
It's a fantasy film that was directed by James Patterson. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in the Sci-Fi film Zoom.
No problem!
Yes, it was released in 2003 and was written by Sophie Kinsella
She also wrote the Shopaholic series
Her genre is drama and comedy. Do you like dramas?
Sure, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He's a volleyball player from India but I don't really watch it. Do you like cricket?
I am not a fan of cricket, but I do know he plays on the India national cricket team.
Well, I'm not a huge fan of the sport. I only watch the Superbowl for the commercials. It's kind of fun to watch.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She has also written the novels Gone Girl, Dark Places, and Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2014, so it is not too old.
Yes. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater film. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You may be interested in the movie Warcraft. It also starred Michael Stahl-David.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Wow, I had no idea. Who is their quarterback again?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's great. It definitely is a great place to visit.
I don't know a lot about Aaron Rodgers, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
It came out in 2013, but I didn't know that!
Yes, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year Mary Higgins Clark released While My Pretty One Sleeps, have you heard of that?
It falls under children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is also a Tiger Woods player. Do you like Phil Mickelson?
Yeah, he is a great golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, what's your favorite sport?
Oh, I love drama! I was such a fun movie. It has a funny voice!
Great! Weeds was made into a movie starring Kevin Costner who also starred in Tin Cup.
The Time Machine is a place to start.
I'm not sure when it was released, but the movie was directed by H.G. Wells, who also wrote a sci-fi film titled The War of the Worlds.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it is also a movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Do you like them?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, that is a great game. I think it is about a guy mistakenly thought to be a shooting guard
You're welcome.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003.
The book was written by James Patterson, it is also a psychological thriller.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin starred in both. Do you like James Frain?
I think it is another slasher book, have you heard of it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Do you think they're a businessperson?
Yes, they also play in Gilliam F.C.
Sure. The Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Would you like more movies he stars in?
He starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a romance film, directed by Joel Coen, starring Mark Wahlberg.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote it.
It's a fiction novel and was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor.
Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon
He was also in the thriller The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pride and Prejudice is one of her most popular romance novels.
Well, there's Wyrd Sisters, or Xenocide. What genre do you like?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote War of the Worlds.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
Cloverfield is such a fun thriller as well. You may like Catch-22 which is an action thriller as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you that Rosanna Arquette also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard.
Yes, it is. It's also a drama.
That was a great one! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I saw them win the Superbowl. Did you know Rowdy was the runner up?
Breathing Lessons is also a good one.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels were also in it. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on him.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places. I don't have any other information on his books, but I can recommend some other books by him if you like.
I don't know any other authors, but I do know that Gillian Flynn was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Yes, I do agree.
I enjoy it. I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Great. Have a good day!
He plays cricket from India
I don't know much about cricket, do you follow it?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I have not, but I would love to! I like to go to Wimbledon some day.
I think it's a lot of fun to watch but I also prefer Football. Do you you like Football?
You too!
I do know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
It is both. Looper is in the comedy genre. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a classic. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes it is. Would you like to know about more zombie movies?
You might also enjoy the movie Transformers.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar.
He wrote A Beautiful Mind, The Great Gatsby and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Arc de Triomphe her work is influenced by Immanuel Kant and Henri Barbusse to name a few. Would you like to hear more?
I think so. It was released in 1944. That's a great read!
Yes, it does. There is a book in English that you might like.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays tennis, right? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
Yes, Williams sisters play tennis in high school. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
Yes I did love it. I like tennis more than tennis.
Is there a specific style that you like?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also stars in the movie Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre as well as speculative fiction.
No problem enjoy.
He wrote a book called Welcome to the World as well as a movie. Have you heard of it?
He has been in a number of films including Water for Elephants, The Tao of Pooh, and Pete Docter.
It appears that David Ayer is the lead actor, but the main character is Django Unchained
Sure, you might like The Prestige or The Dark Knight
No problem, enjoy
I do, they are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New England Patriots.
I like the New England Patriots, because I'm a Chiefs fan.
Andrew Garfield starred in Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a popular one.
It starred Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical movies?
The Social Network is a biographical drama.
It was released in 2003 and Jeremy Renner directed the film.
It's considered a drama, but I don't have the genre information for The Social Network.
Steve Buscemi wrote 2010 and stars in the movie 2010.
You're welcome!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that, but Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and another movie called The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction novel with a genre of Suspense.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, it's also been made into a movie. I'm not sure who else she's been in that film, but I do know that it was released in 1817.
Yes, I have. It is a great book. Would you like to read it?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I'm not sure. Do you have any information on where the team is?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he was a scientist and born in Luis Borges.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Did you know he was a scientist?
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire along side Jennifer Lawrence. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's such a good family movie.
It stars Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe, and Woody Harrelson.
Sure, I'll add it now.
I love the Simpsons! It's an animated movie and has a genre of Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's another example of the Fantasy genre.
Yes, it seems to be a common format. I think you'd enjoy it.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know they were a part of the National Football League?
No, they haven't. They seem to be a good team though.
It stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality, Two Weeks Notices and Toy Story 3. Are you interested in hearing more about Sandra?
Sure, Oceanss 8 a spin off of Oceans's proposal is a comedy film directed by Matt Damon, who also starred in the proposal
The Sum of All Fears and Without Remorse are great books by him.
It is actually another novel of the same name written by Charlaine Harris in 1892.
Yes it does! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan of a specific team?
The team is owned by Woodson
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, in which Colin Farrell has starred in.
I sure do! I am sure you will enjoy these movies as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I really don't follow them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
John Fox, Josh Boone, Antoine Wright and Brook Lopez to name a few. Do you know any of their players?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do like that one. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in Zombieland and Superbad. Have you seen those?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Okay, if you like that then you'll really like The Giver or The Giver.
No problem!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I didn't know he was a person from Dallas. I think he was in the Olympics.
Yes, he is! How about you?
Yes, she's an author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book.
Yea, I believe she's also a teacher.
Sure, it was first published in 1856. It's been a long time since I think it's been a great time for poetry.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Your Highness and Palo Alto. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like fantasy comedies?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I don't know much about soccer.
Oh nice, what's your favorite team?
Yeah that was great movie! I loved that movie! It was such a funny movie.
Oh I love Doctor Zhivago too! It's such a fun movie!
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a great speculative fiction book
It is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan as well as The Sea of Monsters.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
she also wrote the book Mister Pip
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I'm showing that Ray Bradbury wrote Sequel: Fahrenheit 451
It was released in 1953
Sure, hope you enjoy the book
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Is that the one with Adam Sandler in it?
Definitely, Grown Ups is a great movie. It's a comedy too.
Yes, she was. That movie was directed by Peter Hyams.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more about these?
Beneath is a thriller. You may also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great. Total Recall is also a science fiction movie. I think you will like it
Enjoy your movie.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
He is from the London 2012 summer olympics.
Thor was written by Natalie Portman, and stars Natalie Portman. Do you like her movies?
Okay. Robert Down, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson are some of my favorite Thor movies.
He starred in some great movies such as The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and many more.
I would recommend The X-Men series if you haven't seen them.
He is a writer and poet. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 1999 and directed by Eric Brees. It belongs to the Duchess County.
William Scott wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination 2.
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller written by Eric Bress. It is about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I have been a fan since she released Baby One More Time. Do you like her?
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. Have you seen it?
It was a movie that also starred Robert De Niro and Sarah Silverman
300 is directed by him.
I dont have that information, but he is a Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon to name a few.
Geraldine McPhee, David Opatoshu, David Morse, David Morse and many more.
Yes, it is a good movie. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 because it's an action movie?
Sure, it stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Natalie Portman. Do you like them?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, if you liked that one, you should check out Pride and Prejudice!
Yes, he did. It's a great historical period drama.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, she has, The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great series.
I'm not sure but it was written by Neil Gaiman
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes, he was Days of Thunder is a romantic comedy do you like this genre?
Tom Cruise produced Days of Thunder. Would you like to hear more about Tom's movies?
You are welcome
I think they are a good football team. I haven't watched much football since they were runner-up for the Super Bowl.
I have been a fan since I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. I haven't been to a long time, but it was a lot of fun to watch.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts and The Tenth Circle are similar. Have you read those?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer but I do enjoy football. Are you a fan?
I have heard of Marco Reus. I think he's a great player.
I agree, it sounds like a lot of fun to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, among others.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do know that it was written by Peter Hyams.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je kvinnor
Yes, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I don't know either, I do know that they are part of the NFC South.
You're welcome!
Yes she is
Yes, Michael Wie is also a female golfer who plays golf.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any information on that, but Mike Starr starred in it.
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I didn't know that! Do you know he was a TV producer?
I think so. I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite song of him?
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen is a Fantasy movie.
A Bug's Life is also a Disney film written by Peter Jackson.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will add that to my read list. Thank you
I agree! He's one of the best tennis players in the world right now.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer too. What about you?
I think again this year. Is Marat Safin a good tennis player?
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a mystery genre.
Yellow Wallpaper was a great book! Enjoy!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Happy to help!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of hers?
The Insurgent is a genre of fantasy and was released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like all of her music. She wrote A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
I dont think so. Do you know if she acted in movies?
I can, actually! I know Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth and is a fantasy movie. Do you like the genre?
Sure, The Door Into Summer and The Way of the Gun are two movies he was in.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that book?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do like American Football. What about you?
I like the Patriots a lot. What about you?
Well, I am not a huge football fan but I have little knowledge about it. The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
I love his music. My favorite team is the Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know too much about the Browns, but I know he is a professional footballer who plays for the Cleveland Browns.
He directed Witness and The Truman Show
Yes he did, and Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime/action movie.
Yes, she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song too. Have you heard of it?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a good one and its a drama.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
Yes, it is a great book. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card and is the first part of a series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells and Jack London starred in the movie.
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in Warcraft and Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Pauly Shore is another great comedy film, have you seen it?
Sure. Submarine is a drama. Do you like films directed by Bradly Cooper?
He is an excellent actor. He was in Star Wars!
Your welcome!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I think you would like The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, The Sparrow, and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course, it was released in 1996 and was directed by Adams. Would you like to hear more?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like more information about the Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
Absolutely! I am happy to help!
I might have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I like Nsync, he also is a great actor. Do you like them?
I like them too. I'm also a huge fan of alternative rock.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was, did you know that he is a linebacker?
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Rocky Horror Picture Show. Do you have a favorite sport?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Other science fiction movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men, The Animal,
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
The Silence of the Lambs is also in the same genre.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, that movie was released in 2002 and Ryan Gosling was the first actor.
Sure, it is a comedy too. Do you like comedy too?
Yes, that is a great movie, I highly recommend it.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes, he did star in it. Do you like him? He's also in a couple of his movies?
You might also enjoy the Princess and the Frog or The Devil's Advocate.
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to see other films starring Rufus Sewell?
You are welcome
Oh yes she is an amazing athlete. I do like Vera Zvonareva better though, she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I did not. What genre is that? A comedy?
Smokin' Aces starred Naomi Watts and was a comedy.
I actually don't remember when she was in Palm Beach. I used to watch the sport.
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller.
You might like Wuthering Heights, xXx: State of the Union and Zodiac.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 2002. I think it's a great read.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It also has genre Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in a movie also? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yeah, it was good to know. It's a good relationship with Sean Penn.
You are right, he was also in the movie You Are Not So Smart.
Yeah, you should check it out. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out!
That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
Yes, released in 2009. A good year for films.
You're welcome!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Of course, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as many others. Are you a fan of his?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, Elysium and The Usual Suspects.
It was released in 1981 and directed by Agatha Christie.
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Post and Larry Crowne. Have you seen those?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. Did you know he also wrote it?
You're welcome!
Yes indeed! I love Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Mickey Rourke stared in Requiem of a Dreams and the Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Nicolas Cage, Audrey Tautou, and William Devane to name a few.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that information.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller that was released in 2004.
Well, if you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Yes I do. She's written The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
Emile Zola. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFC North division.
They are, I don't follow them today. How are the Patriots doing this year?
Belich, was a great athlete. He was a quarterback for the Chicago Bears. What sports do you like?
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, she did. Have you seen that one? It is a great movie.
Yes, she is also a musician, model, and television personality
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is a Justice league and it has a genre of Comedy
Is there anything else I can help you with?
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It was released in 2014
It was a great movie! Another similar book is The Silence of the Lambs.
You're very welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama?
Just a few books by him are The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it does have a film adaptation.
It was definitely a German language movie. It was also a Thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Ok, will do.
Yes, he is a football player form Wales.
He is a midfielder.
No, I did not. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Sure, she is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a fan of Music.
I am sorry, I do not know much about her music.
Yes, it was written by Anne Tyler. Are you interested in this author?
I have, it is a great one! I think it was written by Anthony Hope, and is considered a psychological thriller.
I do, especially The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Emily Griffin was also in it, and she was also in it too!
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative science fiction.
Your welcome
I know he played on Poland's national football team
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure. The Selection is a series of books written by Kiera Cass' ,Children's Literature. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it was a sci-fi movie or because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci-Fi?
I actually haven't seen that one, but I heard it's great. Then I would definitely recommend it, it's Action.
Robert Duvall and Mark Osborney star in it. I'll have to check it out!
I think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Good choice, Gillian Flynn also wrote "Looking for Alaska" and "The Living Reed".
You're welcome!
I do, Wuthering Heights, The Phantom of the Opera and Winters Tale are all similar films.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's also a novel.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point book was written by Tony Tanner, a mystery novel.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Do you like Thrillers?
Fair Game has a genre of drama
White House Down is a great one starring Valerie Plame
Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also wrote Amadeus Mozart and was a biography.
Yes, I can. Enjoy the movie.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1950. It's the same year The Chronicles of Narnia was released.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It's part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player, right?
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's married to Gisele. She was in the London Olympics.
No I haven't. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't know of any movies he starred in. I do know that he is also a musician, songwriter, and film producer.
Sure, he has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, another one called Beloved, and other ones Where Have You Been
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written One More Day and The Count of Monte Cristo.
You are welcome. It's a great book.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
hes written a lot of short stories, including The Making of the Atomic Bomb, and The Golden Compass
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
Then I also like soccer. Then I think you will really enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, he is both a writer and a writer.
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. I do know that he is also a writer and a politician.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
He was a writer and a teacher. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Are you interested in his works?
He wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a professional football player for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dan Scanlon starred in it as well. It is a Romance film.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie A Woman Named Jackie
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper is very popular in his films. I think one of his first movies was X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it yet?
It is a drama. It's really good.
You're welcome!
Yes. Martin Scorsese wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is in the genre of sci-fi.
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale. It is a great comedy.
You might also like the animated version of the novel by Robert De Niro.
Sure. It also stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
It's a good adventure movie, also starring Anthony Edwards.
You're welcome!
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Tom Hanks is also in the Romance genre. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it yet?
It is an Action Adventure film.
Me too! Yes, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a comedy and it's very funny.
You too!
Yes I like the Phantom Menace, it is a sci-fi/adventure film I would recommend.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
Yes, he also won the NBA Rookie of the Year award
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season this year.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes, that is correct. Do you want to know more about John Farrell?
Me either but I like the New Jersey Jersey quite a few times.
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out. Thank you
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them, they are very good.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar movie
you are welcome. Enjoy your movies.
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
Goonies starred Ben Stiller, Robert Davi and Robert Davi. It was released in 1993.
Yeah, she is! I love her music. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yeah, he is a fine vocalist. Do you like musicals?
I ll have to check it out, thanks for letting me know.
No I am unfamiliar with that. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. It is also speculative fiction.
I do like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Next Day Air, and Shutter Island
Yes, The Lorax was released in 1999
Thank you
Yes
I think they are alright. Did you know thier mascot is warpaint?
I don't really know much about the Redskins, they are my favorite team! What is yours?
It is a thriller written by Alex Garland. Do you like that author?
He also wrote Inland Empire. It is a science-fiction as well.
He sure has! He's a great actor. He's written a few of his movies.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is crime fiction great
Your welcome
I do, actually. The books Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You might also enjoy Luftslottet som sprangdes.
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He wrote Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From the looks of it Akira Kurosawa, he is a Japanese actor. He also starred in Seven Samurai.
Two really good ones are Zodiac, Undisputed, and Now We Are Six.
Anytime, have a great day!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Kevin Corrigan. what else can i answer for you?
Annie Hall is a great comedy film starring Kevin Corrigan. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I also like the Washington Redskins, which is my favorite team!
Me too! Have you been to the Seattle Seahawks game?
I do, he was very talented and an all around performer. He wrote Dancing on the Dream which is one of my favorites.
Yes. It was a good movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, I think he was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Then you might like World War Z, or Walking Tall. Do you like those?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell.
Sox are part of the NFC West. I think they're a good team.
Oh. They're only one game up in the AFC right now.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it stars Tom Hanks and Judy Greer. Do you like Thrillers?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
That's correct. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
That's a good one! It was written by Stephen Sommers.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
It was released in 1986, the same year as The Green Mile.
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was also released that year, and if you are interested in other books by the same author, i can recommend, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, if you are interested.
ok great enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Joseph Conrad.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in Apocalypse Now, which is a thriller.
Great! Marlon Brando is known for starring in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
That's great! He also starred in Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one?
That's a great choice. Then you might also enjoy Apocalypse Now.
I used to like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
Oh yea that's interesting, I know Thorpe was a founder of the Olympic sports team. Did you know he played football?
Who is your favorite team? I am a fan of Pittsburgh too!
They are pretty good. They were runner ups for Super Bowl XLI. Are you a big football fan?
Ok, I'm actually a Bears fan myself. Did you know they are having a favorite team?
I like baseball too! What's your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in and produced Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film. Do you like those type of films?
You Again is a Lie. It was written by David Koepp. It's a great romance film.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, genre and is a fantasy. Do you like the author ?
Have you read The Namesake by J. D. Salinger? I heard it was good.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card, describing an attempted bioterrorism attack on the United States.
I'll add it now.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, songwriter and television personality
God Gave Me You is a dance pop composer of that song. Do you like it?
I don't know, but i do know he won the PGA Tour in Nashville.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! That was made into a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It's a comedy drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes! Pretty Little Liars was released in 2007. If you like horror you might also like The Reptile Room.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Exactly! I don't really know much about college football. Do you like Army's quarterback?
I do like them. Didn't they win the Super Bowl XLVIII?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! I'm more of a fan of football. Do you?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Kate Winslet. Did you know that she was in the film?
You got it. Enjoy!
Enjoy the movie!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year it was released
Yes she did, and she also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas and Penned the book.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Have you seen it? It's also a movie.
It's a thriller. It's about a serial killer called the case of a murder.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, was that what you were looking for?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote many great works like Romeo and Juliet, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice to name a few.
What You Will is a drama/romance novel by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it!
He's directed several films including headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has also written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed.
Great, enjoy!
I don't have any information on him.
He is also the Executive Producer and a Music Producer.
The movie is about the life of a young girl, who travels to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a historical period drama that was released in 1995.
Sure! Situation added to your watch list. Is there anything else I can do to help today?
He was influenced by Snow White
It was released in 2008 and is a comedy genre
I remember Mila Kunis in Who's the Boss?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy "The Passage" or "The Manchurian Candidate."
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in the Star Trek series.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama. Do you like Drama?
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wackness.
I hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Well, you might like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you interested in this genre?
Great, I will add it to your list.
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Definitely, he wrote a favorite of mine, The Ghost Writer
1867
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It sure did, and it was a good movie.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. It stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and The Words. Have you heard of them?
Yes he was in it as well!
He also was in Insomnia and The Muppets.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is a comedy/drama.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English and released in 1818.
You are very welcome!
Fight Club is a Psychological thriller. It is starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt.
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Nathan Lane starred in Fight Club.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your book.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he is. He was also in The Siege. Are you a fan of his?
You got it! Edward Zwick is also in Cloverfield, which is a thriller.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
You are correct. He was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I see. Do you have a favorite team?
I like baseball too! What is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and James Wilcox starred in this movie.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. If you like Eli Walle you might enjoy that.
Absolutely. World War Z and Walking Tall are two great movies by him.
Yes, enjoy and have a great day.
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House have you heard of him?
The Mists of Avalon is another speculative fiction book you might enjoy.
He's directed several movies including Unstoppable, World War Z, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Do any of these interest you?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
I think you'd like it. He was also in The Civil War. That's a great movie.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
I do not know when it came out, but if you like that you may also like The Cuckoo's Calling.
Patricia Clarkson starred in it as well. It is a crime fiction movie, do you like her movies?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
Underdog is a drama starring Marc John Jefferies, Mark Wahlberg and Jess Harnell, the director of the film.
He is starring in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and was released in 2003
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken Philadelphia Eagles owner is Jeffrey Lurie.
I only watch the NFC East. It's always a great sport.
I like the Washington Redskins and New York Giants.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it is a Drama and is really good!
It is a classic! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Yes, it is. The movie is considered a comedy as well.
I do too, it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes, that was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Roderick Thorp was in that but he was also in Die Hard 2.
Then you might enjoy Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis and Stanley Kubrick
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a zombie movie?
Sure, he also starred in all of the movie Troy which is a very good movie
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is the one who starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, isn't she?
Well, she also starred in Funny Games - a thriller!
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
She is in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Wolverine, both are great movies.
I don't have that information, but Ryan Reynolds was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, you may want to check that out.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like French films?
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
The Town is a horror movie based on the book by Ben Affleck.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote a book called Jumanji. It was turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more about this title?
It is a literary realism. Do you like those genres?
If you like literary realism, you may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise was nominated for some awards for his movie. The Last Samurai is another good one.
Auto Racing was released in 1999. Aside from being a writer and an actor, it's a drama.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I heard they were good movies like Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
ok great do you like any other action movies?
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should check out The World's End.
I don't know much about Country music, but I do know some of the bands play. Do you like Country music?
Oh yes, he was in Star Trek: Nemesis in 2002 and so was Tom Hanks. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure, Hilda's work was published in 1910 and has also been a film adaptation of the film
That book was released in 1922. It's a classic.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in How to Win Friends. Have you seen it?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that. I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Wolf Brother.
Yes, she wrote it as well.
It is, I highly recommend it.
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
You are welcome, there is anything else I can help you with ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are they good?
Well, Warriors is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Warriors
Not really, I think it is a good player
Sure, some good ones to check out are Teacher Man and Tis: A Memoir.
Are you interested in Literary fiction?
you are welcome
this book is written by J.R.R Tolkien
A couple of his books that I mentioned are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and Hannibal Rising. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2004. It is also a film written in English.
Enjoy!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
I don't think so. Who is your favorite athlete?
Soccer in Madrid
You may be interested in "The Sea Wolf" or "The Running Man."
Sure, The Door Into Summer and The SpongeBob SquarePants are also great fiction books.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a drama. Do you like Hilary Swank?
That's right! I loved that movie! It also starred Liam Neeson. I think you'll enjoy it.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a good comedy.
Yes, that is a very interesting fact. I didn't know Peter Jason was a star in Undisputed. I'll have to see it.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance / comedy.
I do. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Great, you can also check out The Civil War and Levity if you like those.
There are so many great ones. One of my favorites is The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
The Divergent Series is a fantasy book that was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is written by Andrew Adamson. He also wrote Monsters University, which is also a comedy.
I don't really know a lot about them, I am from west coast. I do know they are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
I am not a fan of the Mets's, but I do know they are in the National League East, owned by Steve Tisch and John Mayer.
That's the only one I really know of of that - it's been a while since I saw it.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a Comedy/drama and it has a genre of Historical period drama.
I know that she wrote the book The Iliad.
the best team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! King Kong was written by Iain Canning and stars Thomas Lennon and Jack Black. It's a adventure/action movie. Do you enjoy those genres?
He wrote the movie X-Men 2.
I do not know the movie
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I didn't know that! He's a good coach. I think John Fox played for the Panthers.
Yea, he played football as well. He was a defensive back too.
Great! I do enjoy dramas.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I guess so. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I like Field of Dreams too. Do you like sports movies?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I do like LeBron James. He's a good basketball player.
No, I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good athlete too.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen King, it's a great romance novel.
Yes, would you like to know about other movies in that genre?
Yes, it was filmed in Las Vegas. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure about that, but the Dark Knight Rises is the first movie in the series.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
They both were released in the 1930's.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama about the Monkey House. Would you like to know more about it?
Another good one is Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Do you want to know more about it?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Corrigan, it's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's young adult fiction. It was released in 2011.
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like his movies?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great example from that genre. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information.
I am glad to help.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes he is a great coach. Did you know they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He is also a musician.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard much about them, but I hope they'll make the playoffs.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was released in 2001 and is a Romance novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Did you enjoy it because it was a Romance novel?
Sense and Sensibility is also considered a historical drama.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, another great read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? I am going to add to my list of songs to watch.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family movies?
It was released in 2013 and directed by Andrew Stanton. It is a romance film.
Yes, she did. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she was in it too. Do you like her movies?
I have a lot of good family movies. You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Will do. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he's married to Maria Sharapova.
That's right. He was a writer and an actor.
From the Portland Trail Blazers?
Yes, he also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I do like Seattle Seahawks, too! They're my favorite team!
Yes I do! It was written by Iain Canning and stars Thomas Lennon and Liam Neeson. It is a great movie.
Yes, that is correct a TV series by Helena Bonham Carter. She also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Same here, I like it, too, would you like me to check it out?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a talented singer. I love his music. She won the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year.
She is a very talented singer. I will have to look her up
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I mean, I'm not a big Cowboys fan, but if I had to choose, they're doing well this season.
Yes, I think they will really be a lot of fun to watch since they're doing well this year.
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
He plays point guard, but I don't really follow him.
I don't know, but he is very good. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Tower Heist.
Well then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
I recommend The Good Dinosaur which is a thriller.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith. Are you a fan?
I do know that Lovie Smith is a coach.
I like football and baseball. How about you?
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote the Harry Potter book
Okay! I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half-Blood Prince.
It's a great movie! I think you'll enjoy it.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! He is super talented! He wrote, directed, and starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It's a great movie. It stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia DeBonis. It's considered a classic romance film.
I hope you enjoy it, let me know if you liked it.
Do you like Spirited Away because you can check out movies by Hayao Miyazaki?
You might like Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, or Gone with the Wind.
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister then.
You're welcome!
He's one of my favorites! He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
It was released in 1993. It's an excellent choice for you.
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it's a comedy.
Seth Rogen starred in Knocked Up, The 40 year old virgin and Shrek the Third as well.
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Pineapple Express and The Green Hornet.
Hope you like it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Vespers Rising.
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy.
Absolutely, I'll send it right now.
Yeah, I think she is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
I like Hello, and I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I check it out, and I like it too. Did you know that she was in Men in Black 3?
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight
He directed the Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Inception is a Fantasy and Sci-Fi film starring Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige is also classified as Sci-Fi.
I'm not sure about that, but Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film
Enjoy the film.
He is a member of the Brazil National Football team. You like him?
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves play?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too bad.
They are having a good season. They're 4th in the NFC North so they are not doing too well.
Well, I think they're doing well this year.
Well, I can tell you that Ralph Fiennes is the writer of this book, he also wrote The Nightingale.
This book was originally published in 1850 and it follows the story of a young girl named Tita, who develops sexual feelings for a young girl.
Well, A Tale of Two Cities was also written by Charles Dickens.
It is also a book about social criticism. It was released in 1851.
I don't really know anything about working class, but I can tell you that it is a part of a series.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
The Siren was released in 2011. It's considered a drama, and a biography.
You're welcome.
Would you like more movies with Tom Cruise in it or do you like movies in general?
Yes, they are. It is an action packed movie.
Then you might enjoy Beautiful Creatures.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. It was released in 1949. Do you enjoy childrens literature?
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure, he has written a lot. He wrote The Bourne Identity. I have not read that one yet.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about the cartoonist?
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy the book!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. He also directed Limitless, a psychological thriller.
The Woods was released in 1997 and has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
It is a horror movie released in 2012. It is an action movie. Do you like horror movies?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
It is a romance novel. what else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Some say they are not that good, huh? I don't know much about them either.
Not that I know of. That is where the team is located.
Aladdin is a Thriller, so you can't go wrong. It's a great movie for you.
There is the X-Men series of movies that are very popular
You might enjoy The Mask. It is a fantasy movie.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Pullman and Scarlett Johansson also starred in it. Do you like them?
Yes, he did, and he also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Jodi Foster and Natasha Richardson, do you like Speculative fiction movies?
Angelina Jolie is also in it, do you like her?
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of this genre?
Oh yea that's a great song. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Not sure but she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right! I think you'll really enjoy it.
Thank you, and i hope you enjoy it!
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a very dramatic movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 is a comedy crime movie, he also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Yes, he did star in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Yes, it stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
She was also in The Devil Wears Prada, have you seen that one?
Yes she was, and she also starred in The Iron Lady.
Alright! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Wolverine, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you heard of either of these books?
Okay, if you enjoy fiction you may want to try Undead and Unwed, Succubus Blues, and Witches Abroad.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. I have no information on that.
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity. Erin Brockovich also directed The Bourne Identity.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
It is considered a romance, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird, which was released in 2011. I highly recommend it!
Miguel Munoz and Juan Ramon Lopez starred in Ponyo. Do you know either of them?
Yes, this movie is an animated film, based on a true story.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There Will Be Blood stars Gerald McRaney, Liam Neeson, and Jack Nicholson.
You are welcome, enjoy the film!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
No problem, have a great day.
Sure, good drama to start with is To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it either. But I heard it's a great book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
Pinn was known for starring in Bohemian Rhapsody
Yes, it was also written by Vladimir Naokov
Its a fantasy book
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then i would recommend you to read The Commoner, Pachinko
A Song of Ice and Fire by M. Night Shyamalan
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it was.
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but I do know she starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
I'm not sure about that, but I know Kevin Williamson was in Friends with Benefits.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a whole series called The Cat in the Hat. That was actually written by Dr. Seuss.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat? It's a funny one.
The movie is a great comedy and adventure movie. Did you know that Seth Rogen is starring in this movie?
Oh yea, that's a funny movie. He was in Year One and Wild Wild West.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
Sure, no problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Jessica Pare and Tessa Thompson are the starring actors in that movie.
It was released in 2003, do you want me to add it to your watch list?
You may also like Zombieland. It's also a family film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Yes, he was. That is a great movie. If you like Winfield, Keanu Reeves starred in it.
I don't know, but I do know that Brian Thompson starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha MeElhone is an actress, she was also in The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller that was released in 2002.
The genre is Science Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the Pachink Diaries by Maurice Sendak, it is in the same series.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy
I don't have that information, but it is written by David Lynch and stars Thomas Lennon and Rosario Dawson.
It was released in 1996.
Sure, I will add it now.
Your welcome
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
How about Tender is the Night? It's a classic.
I am not sure about that. I know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. You might want to check it out.
Your welcome
She starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do know that Serena is married to Mirka Federer. She was amazing in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he also plays tennis. I like the Dallas Cowboys though.
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the drama genre, have you seen the movie or the book?
You're welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year?
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a funny fact. I did know she's married to Mirka Federer.
He starred in the movie O.C
Yes, it stars Sandra Bullock and she is a great actor. Do you like comedies?
Certainly, he also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
You might enjoy Alice's Adventures in Wonderland or The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist and Alice in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has genre Fiction
Your welcome
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like football?
He played on the National Football team there. I don't know much about James Rodriguez.
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. He was a Quarterback.
I love her sister Serena too. I do like tennis.
Brett Ratner is an actor. I think he's a good actor. What's your favorite actor?
I'm not sure about that, but she was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Robert Zemeckis wrote it. Do you know him?
She's a great author. Some of her books include The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon.
It is, one of my favorite fiction novels is Wuthering Heights
That is also a book by Alice Sebold.
Yes, that's correct
you are welcome
Isn't she a tennis player. I don't watch it much, but
You know, I also like Venus williams, she is a tennis player too.
I'm not sure, but I think he is a good athlete.
Yes, Usain Bolt was. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a fantasy movie?
Also in that genre by J.R.R. Tolkien is a fantasy movie.
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliot, and Nicole Kidman.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You may want to check that out. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it has quite a bit of romance in it. Do you like that genre?
He directed the movie Monsters Inc.
Yes, John Sayles wrote it as well. He also wrote X-Men 2.
It's a Romantic Comedy.
I think he is an amazing golfer. Got to see him in Phoenix. Did you know he also starred in Tin Cup?
I think he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which is where he is from.
Yes, I think it is very funny. Is there anything else I can help you with?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He was also in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I would recommend Breakfast at Tiffany's with Meg Cabot. Did you see that one?
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That one is good. It's been made into a movie starring Vin Diesel.
I do! He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Jennifer Ehle.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Drama, and Comedy. It's a great movie.
Of course, did you like this book because of the author, Hunter S Thomson?
He did! Hunter S Thompson is a great actor. He also wrote White House Down. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure about it, but it was directed by David Ayer. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was a drama, but I don't have any information on the genre for that book. I do know that it was released in 1997.
I don't know if it was, but it was directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 2002 and also Frank Darabont was in it. Do you like Chris Owen?
Awesome! Do you have a favorite of his movies?
Great, Woody Allen was great in Annie Hall. I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Angels & Demons and also starred in Dazed and Confused.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a Thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
good series
Welcome
Do you like the genre of it's author, Amy Tan?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
Nancy Cartwright, Shel Silverstein, and Shel Silverstein are some similar authors.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a lot about her. I do know that she is friends with Taylor Swift, I like his song Love Actually.
Yes, I do agree. Did you know he is also a musician?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999 and is a film adaptation.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
Yes, The Doors stars many actors including Matt Damon, Ethan Hawke, Woody Harrelson, Donnie Wahlberg and Michael Byrne.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, Thriller/Horror film.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is an author who wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare's The Name of the Wind is a good one if you like him.
Sure thing!
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
He also plays soccer
I don't know much about Thiago Silva but I know he is an athlete who plays soccer
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Yes, the Miami Dolphins are a great team. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
Great, have you ever watched the 49ers?
pitch perfect was written by John Grisham and stars Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
She also starred in Won't Back Down. It's a very good movie.
Yes, he also starred in a Crime Fiction Film called Monsters vs. Aliens.
I would recommend Zoom and Back to the Future Part II.
Would you like suggestions of other comedies if you like?
You are welcome.
Yes. He's a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Phantom.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't follow it, but I do know a lot about it. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he is a cricket player from England. I don't really know anything about cricket.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction that was released in 1987
Star Wars: Episode III - Attack of the Clones was released in 1981
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain National Football team, but I don't know much about him.
I think I remember watching him play on FC Bayern Munich. Do you like football?
He does! He's a great player.
Yes, and he also coached the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He was an American novelist who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like this genre?
Ok, and E.L. James also wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that?
Bared to You is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
No, I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a part of a series.
Ok, enjoy the book!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It's fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of our fathers, Hiroshima and Band of brothers.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men.
Yes, it was written by Henry Seigner.
Yes, he did direct it too. Do you like Drama movies?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Apocalypto. Have you seen those?
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1974.
Its a fictional novel. Do you like fiction?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know if he is playing for the Broncos, but he might be still playing for them.
Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Shawnee Smith. Are you looking for more books by her or other books?
Yes, it's a sci-fi novel.
George R.R. Martin wrote Snow Crash.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and crime fiction. Do you enjoy those?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Murphy, and Ed Harris. Do you like comedies?
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein starred in this movie.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
There was a film adaptation of My Own Heart's Blood, released in 2009.
It's considered children's literature.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge fan of them. I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they have a better season this year. Do you have any favorite players?
Yes, the Bears were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. I haven't watched any games this year.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen those?
I do not think so, but John Liman directed that film.
I do, actually. It was released in 2010. Do you want me to add it to your list?
I do, actually! It stars Sean Penn, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, he's also a writer and a television producer. He has written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer. He's a very good actor.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number?.
Yes, it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it starred James Franco. Are you a Sci-Fi fan?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise of an Empire or the movie X-Men 2.
I'm not sure about that, but I will have to check it out. I love her.
I am not sure, but I can give it a try.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Mark Johnson, who also owns the San Diego Chargers.
Great, I can't recall the name of their games, but I was a fan of their former coach, Bruno.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake. It was released in 1886.
The original was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Kidnapped.
I can find some. Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde?
You're welcome. I'm happy I could help.
Sure, would you like to hear about other books by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham and is a history book.
She wrote a series of books including Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Ah, I would say I'm more of a fan of the United States.
I actually don't know much about football either.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you heard of it?
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre of Historical Fiction and Children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
OK, would you like to know about other fiction novels?
I think it was released in 1994. I recommend that book if you like fiction.
I am not sure but the Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome. enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Ralph Fiennes?
Yes, it does. It also stars Kevin Costner. Have you seen it?
Sure! She also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it starred Virginia Madsen and Michael McKean. Do you like their movies?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She's a great actress.
Yes, she also starred in a romantic comedy called Thirteen.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Michael Bay wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is in English, genre
He also wrote The Good Girl and Gone with the Wind
Of course! It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It sure was. 2012 was a great year for books. A Walk to Remember was written by Harald Kloser.
Do you like the genre because it is an action movie?
Well then you might want to check out War films. They're action.
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a great sci fi movie. Do you want any examples of this genre?
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth, Willow Smith, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction.
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also starred Mike White, Paul Weitz, and Denzel Washington.
She was also in American Pie, have you seen that one?
Great, Enjoy!
I think he's a very good tennis player. I don't know much about him.
I haven't ever played a match but I haven't really watched a match before.
What is your favorite sport to play?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote that one.
He was a musician who also played a role in Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because its a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie?
The Last Stand has genre Thriller, do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a superhero film and action film directed by David O. Russell. Some big names like Stephen Fry. It's a sci-fi film
Right! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and Today Will Be Different.
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen any of those?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
Robert Duvall, James Caan, Al Pacino and Marlon Brando also helped write the Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, The Green Mile is a fantasy movie starring Stephen King. Do you like his movies?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both of these are young adult fiction.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller.
He's been in The Pursuit of Happiness, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
He's been in a lot of action movies. He was also in the X-Men movies As well as I, Robot. Have you seen these?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like action?
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie if you like adventure movies.
he is a scottish drummer, do you follow him
I like him, even though he is a good artist. I like him in movies too!
I do, he is a great singer. I also like his song One Time. Have you heard of it?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
I can help with that and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. The movie stars are Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I'd recommend The Golden Compass, a musical theater movie.
Perhaps you would like X-Men 2 or World War Z, both are great comedies.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon
Yes, it was directed by Roland Emmerich
Yes, he is very talented
It also stars Fran Drescher She was in it
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
For sure! It was a great year for them. It has a lot of fun to watch since it's going to be a great place to start. It is a wonderful time for movies.
Cold Mountain starred Charlize Theron. She's a great actress! Have you seen it?
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a book that was written by Truman Capote.
J. K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you seen that movie?
He has also starred in many thriller films, including The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. I am sure you will like it.
Ronan Bennett was one of the actress of Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, I bet you do, he has been in the movies The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
You might like The Rum Diary if you like comedy. It's directed by Ron Howard.
Oh, I will have to watch that one now!
Fugitive stars Sela Ward and Sela Ward. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure, but Daniel Roebuck was in The Fugitive.
Yes, I was happy to help.
I would also recommend The Fugitive.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. It also starred Harrison Ford.
Those are great. Enjoy your movie.
J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Peter Pan was released in 1904.
It's children's literature.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
Yea, he plays for France National football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie that stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
VInx is also in XXX he was also in The Chronicles of Riddick.
You're welcome!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes that's correct. Do you like his movies?
Oh yeah, and he is a great actor. That is a comedy too. Have you seen that?
Yes, and Nealon also starred in The Yellow Submarine
Yes, he did. Alongside, Kate Winslet and Melvin Van Peebles!
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote a version of Country for Old Men, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Sure, it stars Seth MacFarlane and it's a drama, directed and produced by Peter Hyams
Sure, I can tell you Seth MacFarlane is the program creator of Family Guy
Skyfall is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes. He also starred in The Good Girl and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of those?
Mark Wahlberg produced this film as well as The Silkworm.
It is a Romance and Drama.
Yes, I highly recommend it.
Great! Have a great day!
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's also a part of a series. Would you like to hear more of her books?
I am afraid I do not know of any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It's an action movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes she was. I'm not sure about that.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think he was the Executive Producer of The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
You should watch it. It's a thriller.
I haven't heard of them, but will put them in a playlist for you.
Sure, ufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like this one?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Goldfinch?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endehner in the fantasy genre.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
Welcome to the Monkey House and Watchmen.
Your welcome
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's best friends whith Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes I have and he also wrote Beastly. Do you like this type of movie?
Yes, I like it and you should watch it. I think Rashida Jones is in it too.
I did, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend What Lies Beneath as well. It is a spy film.
It is, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
He is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't follow soccer much.
You're welcome. Do you follow soccer?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Yes he did. Onze minutos was released in 1844. It's a great book.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did! She also starred in The Mists of Avalon, which is a horror film. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
German football player?
I know they are an american football team and their head coach is Andy Reid. Do you watch them play ?
I like to watch Basketball what about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! What is yours?
Yes, The invention of wings is a book and film written by Peter Hyams.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki, Takashi Shimura, and Hiroyuki Sanada
I don't think so, but I do know that Scarlett Johansson starred in the film. You like her?
He was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Sure. Both of those movies are considered comedy drama.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I have not seen it, but I will have to check it out! I like Ned Beatty too.
Yes, it was a great movie! Jerry Maguire was also in the X-Men series. I haven't seen that one yet.
I'm also into rom-coms.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a War film and Animation. Do you like War films?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, R.J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes. I am going to add both to my list
Wreck-It Ralph was also released that year
Do you need anything else?
I recommend Zack and Miri Make a Porno if you like comedy genius.
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Zombieland which is a great comedy.
Yes, she is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan and The Historian.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre book is The Fault in Our Stars, and Wicked Lovely.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion is part of a series. Another similar books is Sense and Sensibility.
If you enjoy romance, you may also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Do you like the genre Thriller or the stars?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and released in 2002.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. I am going to add to my to read list.
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean movies like The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Are you a fan of the author, Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams and the Secrets of a Fire King by the same author.
That's right! Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was a comedy that was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to search based on his books?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote that as well. Do you want to know more about that?
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, I know a bit about Stan Wawrinka. Are you a fan of tennis?
Yes, He competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy your books!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
Terry Pratchett wrote this one, he also wrote The Nightingale.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a drama?
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes he does, both he and Tiger just had a starring role in that comedy.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
enstein is a crime fiction novel that was released in 1961.
I do not see that information, but i can tell you she also wrote The Great Silence of the Lambs.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are many great books in the fantasy genre, including Beowulf, The Graveyard Book and The Absolute Sandman.
Enjoy!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted, an example of a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby is a drama and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
Moon is a fantasy film that was released in 2002.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope it's a good Super Bowl this year.
OMG, I love the Cowboys! Do you have a favorite player?
I've been to a Miami Marlins game, but I wish I had to live it up.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Greg Garwood was the director
He also directed The Imitation Game, which is a very good movie.
Yes, it is a great drama written by Tony Gilroy
I haven't seen this one but heard it's great. I think he is a great actor.
I have not seen that one. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He wrote this book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
by John Lee Hancock?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it, he also starred in Mirror Mirror.
He was also in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
It comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
I do, did you know that she was influenced by William Shakespeare?
It's a fantasy, so I would recommend The Titan's Curse if you haven't read that one.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Water for Elephants and the X-Men
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous.
That's a good one, Kristen Stewart starred in it. Do you like romance films?
Inception is starring Tom Hardy who also starred in Sliver.
Yes, he wrote Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released way back in 1940.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and The Garden of Eden just to name a few.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He was a speaking of the company's Spirit Soda Company.
Yes, he was a Colombian professional footballer who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
Great, enjoy!
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Palo Alto and Your Highness
It's a comedy with Robert De Niro and Anna Kendrick in it.
It was released in 2003
Your welcome enjoy
Yes. Amy Tan starred in The Kitchen God's Wife.This book was also turned into a movie.
It is classified as a fiction. She also wrote another book called The Bonesetter's Daughter.
Yes, and it's similar to Wuthering Heights.
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford, Lukas Haas, and Bruce Willis.
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall also starred in it.
I'm not sure about that, but Bruce Willis did star in it.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Incredibles and Ratatouille.
Paul Winfield, Selena Gomez, and Bruce Willis were also in it.
It is a action film, similar to The End of the Affair.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The book was released in 2003 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a novel that was turned into a film adaptation.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Indie films?
He starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
Seven Samurai stars Omar Sy, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Daisuke Kato.
I'll send you a link for that.
Steve Kloves wrote the movie. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes,that is correct. He also wrote The Book of Mormon
Cool, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Okay, he also wrote Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Sure, Shane is a comedy staring J.K. Simmons and was released in 1988
Your welcome
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
Have you read Where the Red Fern Grows? It's a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Of course! He is a great author, he wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens was influenced by A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1843. That is a great read.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your reading list.
Great, have a great day!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I do like to watch basketball
I like to watch Football. My favorite sport is to watch is Basketball
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth, to name a couple. Have you seen them?
No, They're both comic movies. If you like comic movies, you might also like Space Jam.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We Are All Right, and Ayn Rand.
The book was released on Ayn Rand the same year We The Living was released.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy book. Do you like the genre or the author?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that too! He's a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Little Prince?
Well, he's been in a number of films including The Little Prince, The Kung Fu Panda 2 and My Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Do you like the author James Patterson or the genre?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird which was released in 1981. Have you heard of it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not much of a basketball fan. I do know that it is located in Oakland.
I do. I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like running back, but I'm a fan of the Cowboys.
I know that he is born in Delhi and he plays cricket, do you like cricket?
Yes. And I like the Buffalo Bills.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred with her sister Serena Williams.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
It's a tragicomedy. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe was released.
Hope you enjoy them!
Did you know it was written by Tony Gilroy?
Among others starred in the film are Scarlett Johansson and John Travolta.
It was released in 1995
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy Young Adult films like The Hunger Games.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2009.
I don't think so, but it's interesting that Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Rose in Bloom.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877, the same year that Reasons to Stay.
No problem.
Yeah, I like them a lot, my favorite is Beowulf. Do you know that one?
Yes, he does play the guitar.
I think it was a TV show as well.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the Thriller aspect of it?
Keanu Reeves starred in this movie.
I'm not sure, but he is an artist and actor.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, There's Something about Mary starring Cameron Diaz from Back to the Future with Lea Thompson.
Do you like Allegiant?
Yes, he did. That was a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers movies?
Yes, would you like to know about any other movies he starred in?
Zodiac is considered a crime fiction film as well as a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in Zoolander and You've Been Warned.
Yes, he does.
Not a big football fan but if I'd like to watch it again, I like the Rams.
Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie Nine, which is a fantasy film.
Ponyo starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men. It also stars Kyla Pratt.
It's a Romance film that was released in 2015. Hayao Miyazaki also directed Friends with Benefits.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in it. Good Will Hunting was directed by Tony Gilroy
I recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Lat Stand, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. I think you will like those.
LOL! It's a great place to watch!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'd enjoy it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now!
I am a fan of him, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
He actually played for the Broncos. I'm not sure who else acted for him.
It would be good if they go, they have a good day.
bruce willis starred and wrote hudson hawk. This movie also starred Jeff Bridges. Have you seen it?
Great! Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Jim Carey and Natascha McElhone are also in it.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a action movie, actually.
I will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
F. Scott Fitzgerald starred in Warm Bodies, along with Cory Hardrict.
Derek Reeves starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about Cory Hardrict?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend Radiance and Warbreaker.
It's a romance/action novel by Brandon Sanderson.
It was released in 2011. Do you like any other books written by Brandon Sanderson?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Do you like movies from the Walt Disney company?
One of my favorites is The Shaggy Dog. Have you seen that one?
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well, you may enjoy that movie.
The Ender's Game is part of a series. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Have you read the whole series? Orson Scott Card is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He is a great actor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that movie?
He has also starred in the Star Wars films as well! Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not know any others
You're Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol in 1843. Did you see the movie?
He is a great actor. I liked The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Nice. The Black Cat is a great one. I'm going to add it to my list of books.
Oh yes. Then you might like The House of Seven Gables by Charles Dickens.
I love her.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I know Philadelphia Eagles wasdrafted too.
I did not know that. I will have to check it out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another good one is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They played again in the Super Bowl XXVIII.
It seems to be a lot of fun to watch since they're the runner ups.
Sure thing! I know he wrote Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Have you heard of Red Dragon, which is a historical film, or a historical film?
It is a great movie about the United States that also starred Nicholas Cage. I think you'll enjoy it
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you haven't seen it, but I do know it's written by Roberto Orci?
It's a great movie! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy.
She's a celebrity friend of Barack Obama. And of course, she starred in the movie Teenage Dream.
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, that's right. I like 3rd Rock from the Sun.
Olivia Wilde was also in it. Do you like her?
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it is for a children's literature, but I do think it sounds like a good plan.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was produced by John Lennon. I have seen it, who I like.
Yes, you might really enjoy Couples Retreat. I think he is great.
Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great series, other Sci-Fi films you may like include X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Sci-Fi movie Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Enjoy!
I do. Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. I wonder who wrote it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Sissy Spacek. Would you like to know more about The Voyage Home?
You are welcome. Glad to help.
ok, have a nice day.
The Avengers, starring Denzel Washington, is good.
Yes, The Big Hit is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain National Football team. I don't follow soccer. Do you like soccer?
Oh ok, that's very interesting! What is your favorite sport?
I don't know much about tennis but I know he was born in Spain and is married to Serena Williams.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
I think he was a point guard in the game as well, and he actually played a point guard.
Yes, he did
Memento is a thriller. It stars Christopher Nolan and Jorma Taccone. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Do you like this type of movie?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is also a model.
Absolutely. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you interested in fantasy genre?
You may also enjoy Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you seen those?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
Great. Glad to be of help
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's really good. Do you follow basketball?
Yes, i believe he is the current coach for the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a good film. Who wrote it?
Sure, you can watch the Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, you can watch the movies You've Got Mail,
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush and Crescendo.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen any of them?
Young adult fictions isn't it, but it also falls into the genres of young adult fiction and Science Fiction.
OK, enjoy!
Why certainly! I highly recommend Drama and Thriller if you haven't seen it.
Perhaps you would like The Hunger Games, it is a Romance film similar to Prince of Persia.
He is a great actor. I would also recommend The Day After Tomorrow, which is a very popular movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Beautiful Mind, have you seen that one?
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his work?
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2000.
I think it was Nicholas Sparks Message in a Bottle was released in 2003.
Mark Wahlberg wrote the book and it was Message in the BFG.
Yes, he is very talented. He has also written "Happy Gilmore" and "She's Come Undone."
You are welcome. He has quite a few books, too.
Yes. Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Do you like fiction?
It's a book about Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written in 2006.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author, Nicholas Sparks?
He's a great writer. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you read them?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Do you like musicals?
OK, you may want to check out The Crucible, it is a drama that he wrote.
Yes, you're quite welcome!
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
They are. They're not a Super Bowl XLVIII.
They're on a winning streak right now. They're on a winning streak right now.
You're right! Lolita is written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko.
It is written in English and released in 1962
I hope you enjoy it
you are welcome.
Yes I love him. Did you know he dated or is still dating Cameron Diaz?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's one of my favorite films. Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning were also in it.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote several books called The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. It was a book about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. Does that interest you?
You might like Fifty Shades of Grey. Do you like that genre?
No, I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one. But, I can tell you that it was released in 1960.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
I don't know any other books by J.K. Rowling, but she did write scenes and play of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two.
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't show the book in English.
I dont have that information, but I can tell you it is in English.
You're welcome.
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, he is popular in the France national football league
I like Basketball a lot. What is your favorite team?
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I'll watch The Proposal and Step Up really good.
Yes. I would have to check those out.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan stars in Inception
Yes, that's correct. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Enigma was released in 1999 and it is a drama.
You got it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I definitely recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is a really good movie, have you seen it?
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
They are fiction. I am not sure of the exact date.
Your welcome.
She has a good voice. I think she's grown into a fine singer/actress.
I'm not sure, but I know Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
You should. She's a very talented person.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in comedy?
They didn't win but the Red Sox beat them this year.
Baseball is my favorite team. Are you a baseball fan?
It would be considered a baseball player, as well as a baseball team, but my team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he probably misses his ex, Elin Nordegren and his consistent golf game as well!
Wow, he lost it right now. He was on the PGA Tour and the British Open in 2012.
That sounds interesting, he's a good athlete. He won the 2010 PGA Championship. Are you a fan of his?
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure, it also stars Jeremy Renner, do you like the actor or the genre?
Sure thing. Trucker is added to your watch list.
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
yes they were born in Arizona
Not really, but I do like college football.
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a professional footballer?
I heard he's a good player though. I don't know much about soccer, but I'm more of a fan of soccer.
I don't really know much about soccer, but I'm more of a football fan.
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson, who also wrote Zoolander.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it is a thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
I'd recommend Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a dramatic romance film.
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those movies?
Great, some great thriller films that he has starred in include State of the Union, Zoom, and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
Sure, some actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Rosario Dawson.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, of course. Is there any information that you are looking for regarding the book Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
It's considered a Romance and Fiction.
It sure is! Have you heard of Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both historical fiction books.
I didn't know that! I've heard that that she's a good athlete that plays Badminton. I remember watching the 2012 Olympics. It was very exciting.
No, I do not think so.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is a very similar book.
Yes, it is a great classic. I think you'll really enjoy Romeo and Juliet
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's great, I especially like the song Be with you. I haven't heard much about him lately though.
I think she's married to Gia Coppola. Did you know she was also a musician?
You might enjoy that one as well. Do you like dance-pop music?
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you fan of either of them?
Kelli Garner, Martin Scorsese, and Franses Conroy starred in The Aviator.
He's been in a lot of movies such as Venom, Gladiator, X-Men: First Class. Anything else I can help you with?
Ok.
He directed the drama called Old School. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is also in it. It is a romance film that was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's considered a Romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I do not know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely, I'll send it right now
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
no i didn't know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
i like basketball. what sports do you like?
great boxing. have you ever been to a game in person?
i have never been to a football game personally. do you like football?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current quarterback for the Giants.
My husband is a Patriots fan.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
I know that Marion Wiesel attended Rice and Radford Universities. sorry I couldn't help with that.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That is a great book!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men 2. I think you might like that.
Yes. William Lee Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
No problem.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like rock music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in Gwyneth Paltrow.
I have never been there, would you like me to confirm that for you?
You're welcome!
Not really, I am more of a Patriots fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
That is correct. Do you know much about the NFL?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think the team is playing the Saints today.
Oh wow, I didn't know Payton won that one.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
That's a great film he also directed directed by Kendrick Lamar.
That movie is classified as a drama, comedy, and adventure film.
Your welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 1999. It has a genre of Drama and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
It sure does! Beatrix Potter has many talents. He's also an author, a screenwriter, and a model.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Michel Gondry
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, that is a science fiction film.
That is a thriller. Is that what you want to know?
It is a comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. What else can I do for you?
Hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome
Would you be interested in family movies or superhero movies?
The Incredibles was written by John Logan, who also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell were also in Ratatouille. I think you would like them.
He was a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I don't know much about it, is it a sport or basketball?
Not really, I think I'll watch the NFL much.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of baseball but I do know it's been a long time since I've seen a few games.
I do,a ctually. It's written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I haven't heard that song too, can you tell me more about her?
Yes, I like her music but I don't listen to much of her music. I think she is very talented.
I like heavy metal and rock as well.
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 1994.
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose.
Shark Night is a great thriller by him. It stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr, and Jake Gyllenhaal
You're welcome
I do not like Golf, but I know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour and former world number one in the Official World Golf Ranking.
That's true. Have you seen the movie version of it?
I haven't played any sports but I do like basketball. My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
Serenity is starring Anna Kendrick and Marcia DeBonis.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in movies like Good Will Hunting and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Stiller and Jess Harnell is in that movie.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like them too, I like lloyd banks
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
He is one of the best singers. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's amazing. Thrillers like that one.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season?
I am not familiar with them, I know he's a Major League Baseball player, but I have heard of him.
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen The Second Life of Bree Tanner?
Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis star in this movie, along with Will Smith.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
It was written by Lea Thompson and stars Joseph Gordon-Lea Thompson. Are you a fan of his?
It stars Judy Greer and Joaquin Phoenix. It is a wonderful film.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few. Do these sound interesting?
She also wrote Silence to the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Hush hush is in the genre of fantasy
You're welcome
Mike Myers directed it
He also wrote Beowulf
Zoe Kravitz! He is such a funny actor.
You too!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
It is a crime fiction film starring Gil Birmingham. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump St is in the genre comedy. Would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
Ride Along has genre Adventure. Do you like adventure movies?
Glad to be of help
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Richard Condon.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I don't know. But I do know that book was written by Suzanne Collins.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe that the genre is murder mystery.
Certainly! Do you like the movie he stars in?
He's a great actor. He starred in Unleashed and The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
I believe it's more of a science fiction but also a children's literature.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a documentary film written by Louis Sachar. It also stars Ralph Fiennes and Michael Jai White.
You're welcome. He also starred in the movie A Beautiful Mind which is a historical period drama.
My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Do you listen to country music?
Yes, he is. I like his family from Leesburg. Do you like her movies?
He is with the United States record label that I'm not sure of
Great. Have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
He's done a great job in The Young Lions. He also had a voice in The Lorax, How about you?
I'd love to watch it! Viva Zapata! The Young Lions is a drama, but I haven't seen it. I'll put it on my watch list.
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Me too, He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it as well as Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was, as well as Chester Bennington
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only two I have by that author.
I can tell you that it is a movie that was released in 2002 and also stars Tim John Kravitz.
I know he was in The Lion King, The Wardrobe, and The Lion King.
Ok great, I will send it to you.
I think you would like it. It also starred Chris Rock
Do you like this movie because it is a superhero movie or thriller?
Well then I would recommend World War Z. It's a really funny and fantasy movie.
The Fighter and Knight of Cups are some adventure movies.
It is a blockbuster film starring Robert De Niro and Patrick Muldoon.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1856.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one too
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is a drama.
In addition to Christopher Meloni, it also stars Katherine Heigl.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It is a drama and crime fiction film. Did you see it?
I would suggest The Shinning. It is a very good horror.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
Yes, I like his music. did you know he is from France?
I like his song Call Me Maybe. Do you have a favorite song of mine?
Great. I will add to my playlist if you like.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It's a action film that was released in 2002 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a wonderful day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
2012
Horrible Bosses a very interesting cast.
You're welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football player from London. I don't think so.
Yes, they were the runner ups in the 1976 World Cup Final.
I do like American football.
I actually don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a great player.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in She Hate Me. I really like his work. Have you watched it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I know he directed Once Upon a Time in Mexico
Sure, please let me know if there is anything else I can do
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is very talented who is also a model.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It is a historical fiction.
It is a science fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I love her music! She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
Those are great films. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Beloved a lot.
Do you like this book because of it's author Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is a thriller for you.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. It was released in 2012
It stars Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I agree, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XL though.
The Steelers have won a lot of XXV Super Bowl's.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a thriller.
I do like hip hop. Do you like it?
I like Soft rock. How about you?
Oh i didn't know that. I think Jess Harnell is also released that year.
Yes, it was written by John Green, do you like that book?
No, I haven't read that. Do you like romance novels?
Your welcome.
That was a great action adventure film, with a great cast. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
It is a very interesting one! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not a problem
Sure. He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's basketball. Do you like basketball?
I can definitely recommend a lot of the films, especially if you're interested.
Awesome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Do you like them?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2013
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by Oz. He also wrote The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. Do you yo ulike Taylor Swift?
Yes, she was a great actress. She also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Oh she is good. I think you will really enjoy her as well.
Yes, that's true. He passed away in 2016. She was very young when she was younger, have you seen it?
Great. I hope you like it.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Kyla Pratt. Do you like her movies?
Yes, that is correct. I think David Moore was also in House Bunny.
James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays as a forward for LA Galaxy. Do you like football?
Not really, I think they are part of the NFC South.
He plays Midfielder along with Trey Parker.
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie. A great sci-fi movie is Transformers.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Harold Ramis, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
It is a romantic comedy, very funny. You should give it a try.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1 together
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003, is a drama/fantasy film.
I'm not showing any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. I do know that it was directed by David O Russell. Are you familiar with his work?
I do not know any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
The Secret Life of Bees was also a fantasy. Have you seen that one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a fan! I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard that one, but I think I heard it from a little bit about it. Do you like electronic dance music?
I didn't know she is from California. I love her music. She also started as a child actor, comedian, and a musician.
Great choice, he has also written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia DeBonis, did you know that?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Historical period drama and comedy. Do you like those genres?
I know he was born in Mumbai and has won the Bravo Award. Do you like his work?
SteveJobs is an actor, director, and producer. Two of his movies you might like are The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Have you seen them?
It's a Romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sorry I do not have that information either.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I am sorry I do not have any other information on that book, but he did write The Ugly Truth.
It was released in 2014
your welcome
I agree with you - I think he's a good player of Chicago Bulls. I don't follow football much.
I don't know the point guard, but I know he was born in Chicago. I don't know a lot about basketball either.
I've heard of Larry Bird, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue?
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree! He's doing great for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, I like that movie too! It's been a long time since I watched it.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. Do you like this genre?
Sure, The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and is also in the Fantasy genre if you're interested.
Yes, it's an incredible movie. I'll add it to your watch list, then.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
I think you might enjoy the Indie Film, How to Train Your Dragon 2. Have you heard of it?
It's a very popular one that has been made into a film. I think you might like The House of Mirth, which is an Indie Film.
Yes, Rogue Nation is an action packed romance movie. Would you like to hear about similar movies in that genre?
Sure, you might like "The Last Samurai" or "Zodiac" or "The Abyss."
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It is written by John Green and is a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The only one that I know of is Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but it is part of a series.
You could try Undead and Unwed, Succubus Blues or Redeemed. They are all part of the series.
Great, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It is a romance novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird is also in the romance genre. There is also the book and the movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I don't really follow them much but I do know they are coached by Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Not really, I think so. I'm more of a New England Patriots fan. They're a great team.
The wife's name is Marisa Tomlin. I am more of a football fan myself.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in Paycheck.
It was a great movie. Peter Craig also starred in Catwoman, Tessa Thompson, and Laura Linney.
Yes. Eli Craig directed it.
Awesome. Have a fun day
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a family movie?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great Sci-fi movie.
it was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and stars Sam Neill, Robert De Niro and Jack Nicholson.
he also directed A Bug's Life, Monsters Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I'm not a fan of hers I know she was in the Muppets movies. Are you a fan of hers?
That is a good movie. Did you know she also starred in Tangled?
Yes, I'm not a fan of Russel Brand. I think he's a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, and if you like Magic Mike, you should definitely watch that one.
I do! It starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. It's a comedy and was directed by Meg Cabot.
I'm sorry I do not have any information on other movies he's starred in
I do recommend it.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
The most recent one is Infinite Jest, Along Came a Spider, and The Lost Symbol.
The main lead in the film is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and LIam Hemsworth
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. He is also a musician and a director.
It was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850, the same year as The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I did not know that, but I know it was written by Sean Penn.
Yes, he is an Actor. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
No problem! Enjoy.
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Wintersmith another good book.
You are welcome!
Yes he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a classic as well. It's also a part of a series.
It came out in 1969.
Great!
Yes, I like it. It was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, but only if you like science fiction I can recommend Xenocide and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Sure, there is Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
No, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty, but he also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Do you want to add it to your watch list?
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either I think he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II right?
Mine too, I think Shakira is from Columbia. What's her favorite team?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. I also like football. How about you?
I'm not much into sports - I know they are a part of the NFC South.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer, what about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
That's right. Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I'm a fan of his though.
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by Covey or self-help books?
THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Sworn Sword are two more books by him.
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released that year
thank you for the recommendation
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
I know Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie but I do like family movies. Do you like family movies?
Oh yes, I have heard of that one, I will have to check it out, have you seen it?
Do you have any questions about the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Man on the Moon is a great one! Another was War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
That is a great one. Then you might like War of the Worlds then.
Well, if you like action films, you should check out The Runaway King.
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is quite the writer. She wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is one of my favorites. What are you looking for?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Do you like her music?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
I am not sure. What other sports do you like?
Oh, I believe he was. Do you know anything about basketball?
Yes, actually The Island was directed by Michael Bay and stars Tom Everett Scott. Is that a genre you prefer?
Sure, have you seen Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z?
It's a good movie. It stars Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
Glad to be of help
I love him in the action movie Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
What about Sherlock Holmes, do you like science fiction?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Kurt Russell and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Adventure genre. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer player. He played at Manchester DC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, football is the best sport in the world.
I do like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a great team.
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes it is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like basketball, but I'm more of a baseball fan to be honest.
I don't know much about them either. I know they are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
I see he wrote Candide.
I see it was released in 1726, the same year as The Phantom Menace, and The Dark Knight.
I highly recommend The Hangover or The Pillars of the Earth. Both are excellent historical fiction novels.
You're welcome!
Certainly, Do you like the author Ernest H. Shepard or just Children's literature?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Think you might like that one too.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for Liverpool and is from Honolulu.
That's where the New England Patriots play. Do you like soccer?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I don't know. However, I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
Occasionally, yes. I enjoy watching football movies. What's your favorite team?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
Sure, you may also like The Giver by Vergiant. It was released in 2007.
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Okay! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for FC Barcelona, are you a fan?
I believe that it was released in 2005.
Yes, he wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
The version was released in Spanish.
No problem
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They did! They are in the National League East, too. Are you a fan of them?
No. I'm sorry I don't, but I do know that Fred Wilpon owns the NY Giants.
I think they are a good team. Do you follow football much?
He was a killer as well. I'm not a big fan of the Buffalo Bills.
No, I don't watch much football anymore.
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a Speculative Fiction.
Sure Cops wrote Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, she is a good writer.
Oh yes, that's a great movie. I recommend it for you.
Yes he is! Do you like crime fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Emma Thompson and Patton Oswalt also starred in it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les Visiteurs. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is in the English language.
No problem! Enjoy.
I know he's won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who does he play for?
Not yet. I think he was from Ireland. How about you?
Yup, they are all from Ireland. I love their music.
It has the genres Fantasy, Sci-Fi and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also the sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is also an action movie.
Great, glad I could help!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I think you would like it. It's also a Thriller.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito. It's also a thriller.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, I think so. Do you know any of her songs?
I like both of them.
Definitely! It's new.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel and was released in 1992.
Fiery Cross is written by Lauren Oliver, she also wrote Inheritance Cycle.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories, both great novels.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
He also wrote Old School. Have you seen that one?
Old School is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure. I know he plays for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
Is that the one starring Matthew McConaughey?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one?
Yes, she did. You're correct. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem! Enjoy your book!
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish. It is a novel in Spanish.
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are so many to choose from! Let me know if I can help you more
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I don't know what else she wrote, but she was in the 1986 film Zodiac.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The BFG is a family movie. It is also a Disney movie
You're welcome
Steve McQueen is one of their major players though
Zooey Deschanel
I don't have information about Hardaway but I can tell you that he drafted to the Houston Rockets
I like Renaldo Balkman too, he is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 1995.
Great. Hope you enjoy it!
Shaft and Maximum Risk are excellent movies starring Zach Grenier from Fight Club.
Zodiac is a Thriller, similar to Robert Downey Jr., who also starred in the movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is a production.
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of the Browns?
What is your favorite team? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I was not a fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't know but he wrote in English
I'm sorry not sure but it was released in 2013
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
I believe it is a memoir.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Last Anniversary and All My Sons.
You are welcome.
Yes, but tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predators was directed by Steven Spielberg, he also directed Monsters vs. Aliens
Captain America: The Winter Soldier also stars Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Enjoy!
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
He also wrote The Crucible, Have you read it?
Ok. Thank you.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you want any more information about Win a Date?
Yes, she is! She was also in The Hair Show.
Yes! She was! That was a great film.
William Hurt was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Ugly Truth and Prodigy.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also directed Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his work?
I am not sure, but Unbreakable stars Chris Hemsworth.
I am glad to help
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
No, I am not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, I would love to!
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't follow football much but i do know they are coached by John Fox
I like the Steelers and the Chargers.
If you like Outlander, you should. It is a science fiction piece written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is also considered a sci-fi adventure film. Another great sci-fi movie is Tomorrowland. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know it was written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
That's a good book. Then you might also enjoy Gone Girl.
Kung Fu Panda is a great drama written by the same author.
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, not very familiar with them. I did find they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Well, I know he's a German football player, but I prefer American football. What about you?
He is an actor, athlete, and tennis player. He is also a producer.
Sure, do you like this book because it is a science fiction book?
Sure, it was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and Girl, Interrupted.
Yes, she is a great writer. She also wrote The Chemist
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen, Rory Kinnear, and Christopher Lee.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which is an animated film.
It's a comedy-drama. It's very good!
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a wonderful day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes she did . She also starred in a TV show called Women in Love.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman.
My apologies. I he wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Do you like those movies?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that.
He also produced Good Will Hunting, which was a drama.
Well, it appears that he directed it, but I'm not sure of his other works.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Angelina Jolie is the main star and she also starred in Troy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
No, he did write the Box. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller.
You may also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, I can tell you that The Throne of Glass is the first novel in a series. The Assassin and the Desert is the most popular one
The Assassin's Blade is the genre Drama.
I can recommend it for you.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie?
Sure, it is a comedy/drama that also stars Natalie Portman and Robert Downey Jr.
Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or a thriller genre?
She is in a lot of action movies. You might want to check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you familiar with these titles?
I'm not sure but I think it's a drama.
You're welcome
I do. Outlander was written by James Patterson. He also wrote Toy Story and The Snake Pit.
That was released in 2013.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Eleanor & Park is the first book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life of Violet Grant
The Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He is also the director of Wreck-It Ralph. He also directed it.
I recommend Zoolander 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I like Serena better than Venus. Did you know Venus was in the London Summer Olympics?
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephen McEwan and Stephen McHattie, who also starred in Sucker Punch
Sure, it is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, they are more of a thriller, but they are more of a thriller, Sci-Fi, Drama.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House, The Time Machine, and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's a series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. And the next in the series is The Golden Compass.
Sure, I'd recommend The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them. They're both awesome.
Sure, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
No. Do you want to know who starred in this movie?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I really don't like them. I like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the XXVIII. Do you know of him?
James Franco is their coach. Do you like football?
What sports do you enjoy?
That's a great sport to watch from time to time.
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am not sure, but I know he plays forward.
Yes, they are home venue.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book.
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
You're correct. I think you'll enjoy it
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like Vegas too, you should watch it. I also loved him in Princess Protection Program.
Yes. I haven't heard that one yet, is there a specific album you like?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a very good read!
It's about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
Great, enjoy!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Harrelson is great in it!
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a movie.
Oliver Platt and Jeff Bridges are in it. I'm not sure who stars in it.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
Well, if you like young-adult fiction you might also enjoy The Future of Us.
Well, it's a fiction to read. We should definitely check it out.
It was released in 2007. I think he will enjoy it.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Do you like autobiographies?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are top reads from her.
Lady Susan was published in 1817. Would you like to know more about that?
Ok great, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie.
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and is in a thriller/drama genre. Do you like that genre?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
